Thank you, Katie. Good afternoon, everybody. As I stated on prior calls, Cognizant is in the midst of a multiyear project whose aim is to reposition the company to realize its full growth potential. And today, I'd like to briefly cover our Q4 performance and then turn our attention to 2020.
After a challenging start to 2019, we're seeing higher levels of engagement from our leaders and optimism as we rally behind client centricity and revenue growth. We're making progress, but there's more work to do in the quarters ahead. Q4 revenue grew 4.2% year-over-year in constant currency with $4.28 billion. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.07, and we delivered strong cash flow.
Macro demand remained stable but challenging. There is a distinction between traditional work versus digital. Legacy services are subject to meaningful pricing pressure at renewals, competition and, indeed, in-sourcing. Meanwhile, clients continue to invest in digital to become modern, data-enabled, customer-centric and differentiated businesses. These trends are set to continue through our strategic posture, and operational and financial initiatives are aligned to address this market reality.
On a geographic basis, Q4 revenue in North America grew 3.1% year-over-year, while revenue in our growth markets region grew 7.4% in constant currency. In both geographies, we are determined to accelerate growth. But the opportunity is especially significant in our international business where we remain underpenetrated and we must do better.
From an industry segment view, in Q4, Financial Services global revenue grew 1.5% year-over-year in constant currency. Both banking and insurance were weak throughout 2019. Full year insurance revenue growth slowed primarily due to a modest decline in North America, albeit with a return in the second half of the year where we saw growth in Q3 and indeed Q4 year-over-year. In banking, we continued to see particular weakness in capital markets and commercial banking, offset by growth in payments and retail, with retail having benefited from the Samlink deal. Both global accounts and local accounts declined for the full year. North America performance, while still declining, has been improving throughout the year, and we see that trend continuing. Europe remains weak with some macro uncertainty and some Cognizant-specific issues.
In Healthcare, we reversed 2 quarters of decline with constant currency growth of 1.8% year-over-year. I remain pleased with our performance in life sciences, which delivered double-digit growth. However, this was offset by ongoing declines in our health care vertical, which continues to be impacted by contract renegotiations at some of our largest clients, following industry consolidation and by in-sourcing at a large client.
Our other 2 segments, Products and Resources and Communications, Media and Technology, posted high single-digit revenue growth in constant currency year-over-year, down from double digits in prior quarters. Revenue growth in the technology segment slowed meaningfully in the quarter, following our recent announcement to exit a subset of the content services business over the coming quarters. Later in our call, Karen will take you through the details of the quarter.
Let's now turn to 2020, including executing the recommendations of the transformation office as they relate to strategy, operating and commercial models, our cost base and more. We enter 2020 with a two-pronged strategy that aims to expose Cognizant to faster-growing market categories. The first element is to protect and optimize our core business while scaling internationally. The second part is to invest to compete and win in 4 key digital battlegrounds: data, digital engineering, cloud and IoT.
Our strategy leverages our technology services heritage whilst accelerating our position in digital where our brand recognition and commercial momentum can improve. This strategy resonates well with our clients who've always cited our strength in the run and operations side, who want us to further strengthen our digital portfolio to assist them in their innovation agenda.
We're determined to help our clients become fully digital, data-enabled, customer-centric businesses. We will continue to use M&A to execute this strategy. This week, we announced 2 acquisitions focused on expanding our cloud capabilities. On Monday, we announced the acquisition of Code Zero Consulting, a firm that specializes in helping companies digitally transform by providing strategy, implementation and migration capabilities to evolve legacy systems to cloud-based, configure price quote and billing system. And earlier today, we announced that we've entered into exclusive negotiations to acquire the French operations of EI-Technologies, a Paris-based, privately-held digital technology consulting firm.
Cloud has changed the way that IT is delivered across infrastructure applications and platforms. Both of these acquisitions are Salesforce Platinum partners and will help us build upon one of our most strategic and fastest-growing practices. In addition, in Q4, we closed our previously announced acquisition of Contino, a leading consultancy that specializes in enterprise DevOps methodologies and advanced data platforms.
The transformation office also recommended changes to our operating and commercial model. After months of detailed analysis, on January 1, we implemented a series of measures to accelerate our commercial momentum as part of our sales transformation initiative. These include: a new customer segmentation that prioritizes account and ensures we get the right resources on the right accounts at the right time, new sales compensation plans that reward overperformance encourage greater upsell and cross-sell in our existing accounts and increase our focus on new logos and the alignment of our specialist sales teams to our service line to increase our subject matter expertise by key practices.
To date, I'm pleased with what we've seen in our sales force initiative. We have renewed energy, and our win rates continue to improve. Our previously announced hiring of 500 revenue-generating associates is on track and in line with modeled assumptions. In addition to these 500, we plan to double the number of associates supporting our most strategic alliances with all 3 leading hyperscale companies and SaaS vendors.
Complementing these commercial changes, our recently appointed Chief Marketing Officer has been working diligently to better align our marketing spend to a growth priority. This includes strengthening our point of view by industry segment, improving targeting via account-based marketing and digitizing our customer engagement strategy. Our marketing spend will increase in 2020 as we aim to support our revenue aspiration and better position Cognizant as a leader in digital.
In parallel, we've also worked to simplify the organization, empowering our client partners for speed of execution and account P&L ownership and clarifying responsibilities and decision rights for all roles across the sales life cycle. To ensure we have the right digital skills in a supply constrained environment, we've doubled our investments in Cognizant Academy in 2020 to reskill and redeploy talent towards our digital imperative. To accelerate our digital momentum, we believe we need to hire or reskill approximately 25,000 resources in 2020 alone, and we started to operationalize this.
Finally, as we make these investments in automation, training, marketing and sales, we've been diligently reducing our cost structure to ensure we can be fit for growth. Karen will bring you through the details of our restructuring program later in the call.
Engagement and confidence are essential in a people business. Therefore, we've been energetically communicating and contextualizing the reasons for the changes we're going through and engaging the organization to rally everyone behind our goal. I'm pleased to see the mood in the company continue to pick up, both at an executive level and throughout the broader organization. Our annualized attrition rate fell 3 points sequentially to 21%. Some of this can be accounted for by normal seasonality, so the fact that voluntary attrition rates declined year-over-year is actually even more encouraging. Of course, as we execute our restructuring program, we will remain diligent and stay focused on increasing employee engagement and reducing attrition.
We also recognize that we need to rally the organization behind a common purpose that goes beyond financial returns. We've therefore spent a great deal of time in recent months defining a compelling company purpose statement, which will serve as our north star that guides and inspires us to make the right strategic move in the years ahead. We've also refined our company's values and behaviors that define what will be celebrated and tolerated. We will unveil this to the broader organization in the coming months.
We're determined to stay true to the heart and soul of our company. And having recently attended our annual global planning summit, one held in Dallas, the other in Dubai, where the executive team and I spoke to thousands of associates around the company's strategy and expectations for 2020, I can tell you that I came away from these summits filled with optimism about our collective ability to move the company forward.
Let me conclude by saying that after a challenging first quarter, we've become a more focused, determined and confident company as we move through 2019. There's a great deal of urgency in Cognizant these days. It starts with me. Any distractions we've had are now behind us. Our team is energized by the clarity of our strategy, the magnitude of the market opportunity, our renewed client centricity and our increased employee value proposition focus.
While our hard work in the past year will serve us well in 2020, there remains some important areas that require progress in the years ahead. Pricing in our heritage business continues to pressure gross margin. We have efforts underway to address renewal pricing strategy as well as our cost of delivery efficiency, including pyramid management, automation and other measures. Meanwhile, as more work shifts to project-based digital engagements, we are implementing refinements in our digital pricing strategy and continuing to optimize resource planning and allocation.
The leadership team and I are fully aware that we have a multiyear project ahead of us, and we are united in our resolve to work with rigor and tenacity to achieve our goals and once again make Cognizant the industry bellwether.
Before I turn the call over to Karen, I want to acknowledge a Cognizant co-founder, former CEO and long-time director. Frank D'Souza had let us know of his plan to resign from Cognizant Board of Directors effective March 31. Along with his remarkable track record of success as Cognizant's CEO for a dozen years, Frank has served with distinction on Cognizant's Board since 2007 and Vice Chairman since June 30, 2019. On behalf of the entire Board, I want to extend our deep gratitude to Frank for his pioneering leadership and quarter-century of dedication to Cognizant. Today, we also announced that Vinita Bali will be joining our Board of Directors later this month. I look forward to her contributions and partnership.
And with that, I'll turn the call over to Karen who will give you an update on our operational and financial performance as well as a view of how we see the year ahead. Karen?

Yes. And maybe the addition I'd make to that, Karen, is obviously the content moderation ramp-down will offset that somewhat as it grows throughout the course of the year.

It's very interesting because, as I said, we were at our global planning summit in the last month or so, and the sales force are actually very motivated by the compensation changes because they can actually make more money than they could in prior periods. So actually, on the contrary, I actually feel there's a great deal of optimism in the sales force. People are -- when a CEO visits clients every single day, it leads to a certain cultural demand in the organization. And I think people are motivated to get the company back to an accelerated growth rate, so I feel good about where we are.
I'm not overly concerned about attrition in the legacy sales teams. We've had great luck, I would say, fulfilling the pipeline of opportunities. We don't break out on a quarterly basis where we are versus that hiring. We're less than halfway through the 500, I will tell you that, but there's a lot of work still to do. But I track it on a monthly basis at the Executive Committee, and we're pretty much in line with what we anticipated in terms of cost. I've also been keeping an eye not just on the accounts that these folks are assigned to but also the pipeline that they are building. And in some cases, I've been pleasantly surprised that the early pipeline builds have even been ahead of my expectations. So look, more work to do to continue to review that, but there's a lot of energy and urgency in Cognizant these days. And I think we're all very clear on what we're setting out to achieve, and I feel very good in terms of where we are to date.
So the broader sales force update is consistent with what I said last quarter, that's not going to change. We've implemented a RAD model, which is retention, acquisition and development. That's all about trying to get the right folks on the right accounts at the right time, aligning specialist resources, which are, by practice, such as big data or cloud, with a generalist client partner. The client partner is the quarterback on the accounts. They have decision rights. They own the P&L for the accounts. They can move with speed and accountability within the framework of authority that we have delegated to them, and they are complemented by subject matter experts, solution architects and the like. We implemented that model on January 1. So far, so good. And we've obviously got to continue to push that in the course of the year ahead, but I feel good about where we are.

Yes, I will. And look, we have, Lisa, some really strong alliance partners and partnerships by key verticals, whether that's Temenos in Financial Services, Pega, Adobe or otherwise. But I've really spent a huge amount of time in the last 9 months trying to build that and foster a business plan behind Amazon, behind Microsoft. We're now working through Google Cloud practice as the hyperscale players, and it is really selectively aligning Cognizant to some of the leading SaaS-type players, as an example, such as Salesforce or ServiceNow or, indeed, Workday to make sure that we go to market with the companies that are going 20%, 30%, 40% year-over-year. Not to say we won't continue to obviously partner with others, but we are putting -- allocating even more capital to the winners in today's environment.
That invariably means for us, just to be very clear, it doesn't mean hiring more alliance partners and having a bunch of coffee drinkers sitting around, feeling good about hosting meetings. This is a lot about building our business plans with solution architects and big data experts and the like aligned to each and every one of those companies I've talked about. It involves putting an operational cadence together on a rolling 4-quarter basis. So I know in a certain date, I'll be sitting in a room with the CEO of that company, reviewing not just what we're setting out to achieve as a company, which has our targets against it, which are intersected by country and vertical, but also looking at the pipeline shape, where we are in the funnel and really operationalizing that strategic alliance vision into day-to-day reality, which includes joint customer calls, joint in-person visits to clients with the leadership of those companies, joint e-mails to clients or letters to clients and the like.
So it's strategic. But to be very clear, it's also very operationally inclined and pragmatic with a view to successfully driving activity or cadence going forward with these clients and partners and making sure we show up better than we ever have in the past.

Look, I'm a big believer, Ed, that A players attract A players. And the more we upskill and make sure we have the right team around me, those people, in turn, will make sure that they replicate that trend through the organization. I will say we have gems in Cognizant, really, really strong leaders. I talked about life sciences growing double digits. That's an internal promotion that happened in the last year. So it's always going to be a combination of complementing excellent internal talent with excellent additions from the outside and putting a system of meritocracy and a performance culture in place where everybody knows what we celebrate and what we condone versus what we don't tolerate. So of course, in the years ahead, there will always be refinements. I want to drive a performance culture, but we're getting there. But of course, there will be even, in the foreseeable future, ongoing refinements as we continue to attract better people from the outside to complement the internal talent.
I will say one thing that's very pleasing to me. There's no shortage of people reaching out to Cognizant at this moment in time, feeling both from clients and otherwise that there's a new vigor in the company, a new urgency in the company and a confidence that we can get back to being the great company that we have been in the past. So it's very encouraging to me to know that we can still attract great talent from the outside. And in the same vein, with a new Chief People Officer, Becky Schmitt, who joined this Monday, who almost spent 2 decades in Accenture and most recently had been in Walmart, we have a very strong people agenda program lined up in the coming years to attract, motivate, develop, retain and put very sophisticated talent management programs in place internally. And I believe that that will not just make us a very appealing place to come and develop your career, but it will also have intrinsically a direct impact on our attrition rate which, as I said in the call, I'm pleased with, but we can always do better.

Well, I'll start with the Healthcare question, Keith, because actually ironically, I've been on the phone with the leadership team of, as it happens, both of those combined companies as recently as this morning, so I'm pretty current in terms of where we are in the accounts and, indeed, the opportunity. And I will say I continue to be pleased that we show up a little bit better than we have, and those executives and companies reassured me that the merger integration work is still there. And as they think about consolidating to preferred vendors, we are firmly and squarely in the go-forward strategy as well. So I do feel there's lots of opportunity for us even in those larger accounts where we've seen consolidation from 4 to 2 in the last year, and we have seen some pressure on rates as part of that. But we do want to get back, once we anniversary that, into a stronger growth trajectory in Healthcare.
In the same vein, I just want to caution the amount of work that needs to be done. We've also had our Healthcare team today here in New York, about 20 people in the room reviewing last year, reviewing revenue pipeline, win rate, margin trends, a very strong call to action in terms of what we need to do in the coming years. So we're not out of the other side on that yet, but I choose to be glass half full here in terms of a lot of the actions we are doing are not specific to one vertical. Better aligning marketing spend, making sure we have the right customer segmentation strategy in place, upskilling our client partners, making sure we have the best specialists in the world to complement them, going to market with some of the hyperscale players in Financial Services or Healthcare, et cetera, et cetera, that will bear fruits in each and every one of our industries, Healthcare included. We do expect still some, I would say, modest -- we still have modest expectations for Healthcare in the coming year. But as we go through the course of the year, I'd like to think that we'll start to make some progress.

Rob, it's Brian. So listen, the way I think about it, this year, if you normalize for, let's say, target bonuses, as Karen has articulated in this call and prior calls, margins would have been in roughly mid-15%. We've guided 16% to 17% for next year. So call the midpoint, 16.5%. So -- and we're assuming, by the way, next year that our bonus structure is a normalized part of our cost base. So hence, organically, if you will, 100 basis points of margin improvement year-over-year.
Now to your point, we've made reference before of $250 million-plus of investment back into the business. A lot of that, we call that explicitly like 500 head count related just to revenue generation. We're doing more on sales and marketing. We're doing more in training, et cetera. That's approximately 1.5 points. So had we not done that, margins naturally would have been higher. But I'm not here to try to operationalize Cognizant from $17 billion to $20 billion. We're trying to make this a $25 billion, $30 billion, $35 billion company in the years ahead. And as part of that, I think it's always wrong to look at one element on a continuum and shine a spotlight there and think, well, Brian, had you not made those investments, could you deliver a higher margin rate.
And Rod, I've known your investment thesis on the stock. I certainly know that's not your intent either behind your question. What I want to do is continue to reinvest into the business. So if we can prove a strong return in these investments we're making, including the sales force hiring, and we get win rates higher, if we get a good pipeline that we convert to TCV and revenue, my inclination will be to continue to deliver and apply more of the upside back into the business and get us back into the Cognizant that was tried and tested for many, many years that made this company a great success story over the years. So that's the intention that we're setting out to deliver here in the next 5 to 10 years.
I'm confident we're doing the right thing. I will tell you I'm really pleased, and I spend a lot of my time with clients and partners. Our strategy is resonating. They see the renewed energy in the company. We have lots of work to do, but I'm very pleased and optimistic with the progress we're making and know, nonetheless, that we still have more work to do in the year ahead.

Yes. So listen, a good question. I wouldn't say to date that the frequency has picked up that much. February 6 last year, I was announced as the new CEO. So I started on April 1. And since then, we've done, until this week, 2 acquisitions, Contino, and then, prior to that, Zenith Technologies. It just so happens that we were diligently working to review our strategy and finalize that. And only with that behind is that we absolutely go -- now let's go and put our balance sheet behind us to make sure we position ourselves strongly behind our strategic intent. And as I said earlier, that's a lot about protecting and optimizing the core, including scaling internationally, but it's also about winning in e-digital battleground. And both acquisitions we made this week are firmly behind the cloud ambition that we have, and you'll see more of the same on a go-forward basis behind each and every one of those digital battlegrounds.
To be very clear, I view M&A as a means to an end to achieve the strategy. While I'm pleased with the $2.2 billion we've spent on share repurchases last year, you will see an absolute conviction to returning capital to shareholders in the form of periodic dividend increases as well as share repurchases with a particular eye to offset dilution. But also potentially opportunistic, I will say that you will see us err more towards accelerating M&A on a go-forward basis as long as it is supportive of the overall company strategy. Share repurchases, while having value, do not reposition the company against the strategic intent. M&A can enable us to do that. So with almost a year behind me under my belt here in Cognizant, getting my head around the company, the industry better, the operational rigor and control we have, with the team around me, we're absolutely inclined to accelerate M&A a little more in the years ahead and make sure we use that as a means to accomplish our overall company strategy.
With regards to the details of EI-Technologies, look, we've entered into exclusive negotiations. Deal's not closed. It is material for France but is absolutely immaterial from a company perspective in terms of the dollar addition. So it's basis points in terms of growth as opposed to anything else. But as I said, that plus Code Zero is firmly behind our Salesforce ambition. And we've been spending a lot of time. I personally have met with Salesforce CEO, I think, probably now 5 times in 9 months, and these are very symbolic moves to make sure that we strengthen our capabilities behind the Salesforce practice that we're building out.

Yes, it ultimately takes 3 portions: one is organic investments, one is partnership and another one is M&A. To be very clear, Zenith Technologies, which was at the intersection point of life sciences as one of our really strategic verticals as well as IoT was a perfect illustration of hitting many birds with one stone: geographic expansion strengthening European footprint, aligning through our IoT digital priority and aligning to one of our strategic verticals. We also announced and closed Contino, which has got a very strong international footprint in the form of DevOps and data in Q4. So those are good illustrations. And of course, EI-Technologies that we announced earlier today will be another good illustration of strengthening our footprint in Europe, in this case, in France.
Organically, of course, we're strengthening our capabilities by building out more footprint and supporting that footprint with better allocation of resources globally. As an example, we will modify our marketing mix this year to shift much more towards our international expansion. In prior years, our marketing spend was actually less in our international business than the actual current revenue mix, notwithstanding the fact that our growth opportunity was bigger there. So that seems to have been something that we wanted to rectify on a go-forward basis and, of course, part of the 500 revenue-generating head count that we've approved. A good chunk of that is in Europe, and we want to continue to go scale that to make sure we have a bigger footprint in those geographies.
And then on the partnership side, whether it's with AWS or Salesforce or otherwise, we've been building out those linkages throughout the world, and Europe is no different with a view to go to market in a digital ecosystem aligned country by country. I firmly view partners, Lisa asked the question earlier, as an extension of our sales force. We are working on some core banking deals at this moment in time where the CEO of Temenos has actually actively engaged and brought us into deals and been a huge proponent of Cognizant given our world-class capabilities behind Temenos. So it's wonderful when a client hears not just from the CEO of Cognizant but also the CEO, in this case, of Temenos as to our capabilities and our referenceability in that regard. So we're full speed onboard, full speed ahead to go scale our international capabilities. It was a little bit disappointing this last quarter, some of it self-inflicted. We got to get that right going forward, and it's certainly an area of focus for me in the coming years.