Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining our call. This morning, I'd like to cover 2 topics: first, a few financial highlights from Q2; and then a brief update on how we're continuing to gain share with our leading digital services. Let's begin with the quarter. 
We're now about halfway through executing the financial strategy we announced 18 months ago. As this quarter's results show, we're making solid progress on key aspects of our plan, and we're on track to meet our goals for the year. 
Second quarter revenue was $4.01 billion, within our guided range and up 9.2% year-over-year. In the quarter, our digital revenue grew in the low 20% range, well above company average, and is approaching 30% of total revenue, reflecting our continuing shift to digital revenues. Our portfolio of digital services generated margins above the company average, and our non-GAAP EPS for the quarter was $1.19. As these results underscore, our emphasis on digital services is helping us win more business with attractive margins, and that enables us to deliver higher-quality growth for the company. During Q2, we also launched a $600 million accelerated share repurchase, and we're on track to deliver on our commitment to return $3.4 billion to stockholders by the end of 2018. 
Turning to guidance, we expect third quarter revenue to be within a range of $4.06 to $4.1 billion. We expect full year revenue to be within a range of $16.05 billion and $16.3 billion, a growth of 8.4% to 10%. And we remain confident in our previously stated guidance of achieving non-GAAP operating margin in 2018 of approximately 21%.
Now moving to my second topic, thriving in today's business environment. Last quarter, I covered Cognizant's execution progress using a 3-part framework: digitize, globalize and localize. Using that same framework, I'd like to talk about how we're continuing to advance our business, starting with digitize. 
To underscore our digital progress, consider some of the new work we're doing in 2 areas of growing importance to clients: first, artificial intelligence and analytics; and second, cloud. Through our digital business practice, we use data and analytics optimized with machine learning and artificial intelligence and, of course, intimate knowledge of our clients' businesses to help them drive greater levels of personalization, productivity and growth. Incidentally, Cognizant operates one of the world's largest AI practices, measured by numbers of professionals and scope of services. 
A recent engagement tells our AI and analytics story. A multinational Banking and Financial Services client needed to stem costly credit card fraud losses. Our client handles some 700 million card transactions a month, of which about 1.3 million turn out to be fraudulent. Using machine learning algorithms, we built a solution that runs real-time transactions against multiple neural network models. With our AI solution, the client was able to understand new fraud patterns, increase their fraud capture rate by 30% and reduce the rate of false positives, that is legitimate transactions wrongly declined, by 100%. We see abundant opportunity to apply AI and machine learning to our clients' businesses to help them improve their operational performance and generate new growth.
Cloud is another enabler of end-to-end digital transformation. By year-end, we expect our global cloud workforce to exceed 20,000 associates. Today, about half of our current cloud-focused associates work in our Digital Systems & Technology practice, which brings together applications, infrastructure and security to help clients rapidly deliver new applications and services, support product development at scale and shrink time to value from years to months. 
For a major health insurer, we moved 18 business-critical applications from their legacy infrastructure to the Pivotal Cloud Foundry platform in just months, managing every step from analysis, design and remediation to application release and program management. Doing so not only reduced application failures and infrastructure costs, it also helped the insurer move to a rapid software development model, speeding the movement of applications into production with weekly instead of monthly code releases, and eliminating the need for downtime due to upgrades or refreshes.
Clients turn to us because we've built a composite of end-to-end capability, domain knowledge, global and local delivery and continued investment to deliver [sound] strategy through implementation and outcomes. And that end-to-end capability includes thousands of certified cloud experts, who can accelerate clients' cloud journeys by drawing on our strategic partnerships with all of the major cloud providers, including Azure, Amazon Web Services, Salesforce.com, Workday and more. So we expect our digital portfolio to continue to grow at double-digit rates.
Our second approach to today's environment is to further globalize. We continue to expand our geographic footprint and add new delivery and operation centers as well as client co-innovation centers, our Collaboratories. A key measure of our progress is how well we're able to think globally, think locally and act on both levels simultaneously, which is essential for our largest clients. 
We take exactly that approach in helping a global banking client that operates in over 50 countries become fully digital. We've been this client's business partner for more than a dozen years, and we fully align our operating model to their business by bringing together global delivery, our digital practice areas and consulting, along with regional engagement, as well as specialized teams to enable the adoption of service transformation through cloud, automation and digitization. As a result, we've had a transformative impact on our client. We serve them globally through our operation centers in 7 countries. We're their strategic partner for implementing a core banking product platform. We provide end-to-end digital business, operations and technology services for their global asset management group. We've enabled the rollout of new customized applications for digitizing their private and retail banking platforms, and we support their global infrastructure of more than 1 million servers and databases and 0.5 million web applications. 
Our global clients find this level of comprehensive global engagement compelling and differentiating. And with our global foundation, which we continue to scale, we believe several of our non-U.S. markets could each become billion-dollar businesses early in the next decade.
Our third emphasis is on continuing to localize. In every large-scale digital transformation, a portion of the work needs to be done close to clients. Core to our localization efforts is our network of client delivery centers in North America, Europe, Latin America and Asia. 
A quick update on our progress in North America. We now have delivery facilities in over 20 states in the U.S., as well as multiple centers in Canada and Mexico, with plans to expand this network in 2019. We have centers that specialize in key technologies and industries with, for example, Dallas becoming our digital engineering hub and Tampa focused on financial services and health care. And some of our centers are designed to create dedicated educational and community partnerships to speed the development of talent that's specific to our client needs. 
So to wrap up, we recently reached a major milestone: 20 years on Nasdaq, a sign of how far we've come, and how much our business has grown and evolved over the past 2 decades. As the world's technology dependence increases and the definition of digital broadens to encompass new technologies, our market opportunity keeps expanding. We're successfully executing our strategic plan to accelerate Cognizant's shift to digital. Our business is solid, and we remain confident that we can both invest for growth and achieve our financial targets.
And now over to Raj, who will talk about how our industry segments performed in the quarter. Raj?

Tien-tsin, it's Frank. Look, I think revenue was right within the range we guided to for the quarter. So I don't see any -- I don't ascribe sort of anything particularly significant to this quarter's revenue number. And I think we've said in general that as we execute this pivot and accelerate the shift to digital, that our focus is on sort of balanced revenue growth. We certainly expect to grow in line with the overall industry. 
As Raj said a minute ago, Raj made the comment in the context of Financial Services, but I think it's true across the business. We're being prudent about making choices of the kind of work we go after. We're focused now on accelerating the shift to digital, focusing on higher-margin work, higher-value work because that's the important work for our clients that has longevity. But I certainly expect to grow in line with the industry and continue to be confident that we can deliver the margin target that we've laid out for you.

You know, I mean, Bryan, the range is relatively small. Given our size and scale, I don't think there's anything specific, as I said a minute ago, to point to timing of deals when they close, timing of revenue. I mean, there's just a number of things. Given our size and scale, the swing between the low and the middle and the high end of the range is just execution during the quarter.

I'll start, and then ask Karen and Raj if they want to add anything to it. I think BPO or digital operations is one of the faster-growing parts of the business, had a very strong sequential and year-over-year growth in the second quarter. The business, I would say, is doing quite well, and our differentiation comes from -- we said this all along, from the earliest days that we were in that business -- our differentiation comes from the fact that we're able to really infuse technology into the operations. And I would say as digital has become a more prevalent set of technologies, our ability to drive real automation into the BPO business, into digital operations through things like robotic process automation and IPA and using artificial intelligence and so on and so forth, has really -- is really differentiating us. 
So I think it's a combination of deep industry knowledge, which we always had in our BPO business. So we're very vertically focused, as you know, in that business. Most of the BPO work we do is domain-centric, vertically-focused BPO. That's one part of it. The second part of it is that we've got a -- we've had a -- continue to have a strong platform strategy in that business. So in health care, the TriZetto and Bolder and TMG all come with strong platform assets. And then the third part of it is our ability to really drive strong automation using artificial intelligence, IPA, RPA types of technologies to drive productivity in that business. I think you put those 3 things together, and we have a pretty unique position in that market.

Yes, I don't think, Joe -- it's Frank. I don't think there are sort of quarter-to-quarter meaningful shifts in the digital mix. Of course, as I've said, if you take a longer-term perspective, the definition of digital and what constitutes digital has changed dramatically if you look over, let's say, a 5-year period. 5, 7 years ago, we were talking about social and mobile and analytics and cloud as being the constituent components of digital. Today, we're talking more about -- in addition to those things, we include artificial intelligence and blockchain and so on and so forth, additive manufacturing, all of these new things that are -- so the definition of digital certainly is expanding as innovation happens and new things, new technologies emerge. So over longer period, yes, certainly, the mix, if you will, changes. But quarter-to-quarter, I don't think there's significant mix shift. 
And look, I think we're managing margin and investment the way we always have, which is we have a process for thinking about or analyzing the investment that we have, that we'd like to make, that we'd like to allocate capital to. We run the business and as -- we run the business and then every quarter or so, every 60, 90 days, we look at our list of investments, say what investments we want to -- we stagger the investments. We say what investments we want to make this quarter or during this period. We release those dollars. And that's how we balance margin and making the investments. That's just an ongoing process. 
We've tightened up that process. It's a muscle that we've had in the past. We've -- I think we've strengthened that muscle over the last 18, 24 months. I think that's good, healthy, capital allocation discipline that were developed -- that we have developed -- have had in the past and continue to develop in the company. And I think that's how we look at things quarter-to-quarter, month-to-month and figure out where to allocate our dollars against the investments that we think are going to have either the most growth return or the most strategic return over a longer period of time.

Yes. Moshe, I would -- it's Frank. I would just add to that. I think the choices are less at the overall client level, although we may do that as well. But more what kind of work within a client we choose to focus our energy and resources on. I would say that -- and if you think in the long run, there are 2 points I'd make. One is, I don't think that the constraint to our business in the long run will be demand is -- lots of demand for technology out there. So it's the smart move to pick your battles carefully and focus on the work that you think is going to be most strategically significant to the client over the long run. 
And at some level, our constraint is, where do you deploy your talent? And so we're thinking carefully about how we develop our talent? How do we train them for the next generation and the next generation of work after that? And then, how do we deploy that talent against the work that's going to be most meaningful to them, give them the most rewarding careers, help them to be most successful over the long run? So I don't -- even though we are making very thoughtful choices about the kind of work we go after, I don't think that the conclusion of that should be that it slows revenue growth in the long run because I think there's lots of revenue opportunity within the high-growth or the strategic high-value margin things that -- areas of the business that we want to go emphasize.

Terrific. With that, I think we'll wrap up. I want to thank everybody for joining us today and for your questions, and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you.