Thank you, Tyler. Good afternoon, everyone. We executed well in the third quarter, delivering revenue of $4.7 billion, up 11.8% year-over-year or 11% in constant currency. Bookings growth, a key leading indicator, accelerated to 24% year-over-year growth in the third quarter. Our book-to-bill ratio of 1.2x revenue on a trailing 12-month basis underscores our commercial momentum. 
I'm grateful to our teams around the world for their resourcefulness in meeting our client commitments despite a challenging labor market. We delivered solid sequential adjusted operating margin expansion in the third quarter as we offset the cost of increased hiring with cost discipline elsewhere. 
I'm also pleased with the progress against our key strategic initiatives. For example, third quarter digital revenue grew 18% year-over-year. Digital represents 44% of our overall revenue mix. We expect this percentage to grow in future periods, positioning Cognizant for both top line momentum and margin expansion. Moreover, the intimacy of our C-suite engagement increases as we serve clients in their digital transformations. 
Better-than-expected growth in our nondigital business impacted our digital mix progression, but is nonetheless a welcome outcome. During the third quarter, we saw continued strong top line momentum in our digital business operations practice, reflecting our differentiated offerings for digital natives, our BPaaS leadership position in health care, and our strength in Intelligent Process Automation solutions. 
We recently announced Cognizant Neuro, a simpler and more effective way for clients to achieve the full potential of Intelligent Process Automation and speed time to results. Everest Group, a leading industry analyst firm, recently recognized Cognizant Neuro as an exciting development to enable automation at scale.
Moving to industry segments. Financial Services' ongoing recovery continued with growth of 4.3% year-over-year in constant currency, in line with our expectations. We posted strong double-digit growth year-over-year in constant currency in Products and Resources and in Communications, Media and Technology. 
Within Products and Resources, we continue to deliver excellent growth in manufacturing, logistics, energy and utilities as well as across retail, consumer goods and travel and hospitality, which have recovered to pre-pandemic levels. In Communications, Media and Technology, we continue to lead with our digital engineering capability to win transformation deals while leveraging our alliances to be a premier cloud transformation partner. 
In Healthcare, we had another solid quarter, achieving 9.8% constant currency growth. Momentum in life sciences continued. Demand across payers remain strong, and we're beginning to see an uptick in demand across providers as they look to digital technologies to help reduce operating costs and strengthen new channels for delivering care. 
Our Products business saw continued double-digit growth in Q3. We're expanding our footprint in the health care market and adding new growth members on our platforms. We're also well underway with our digital transformation of our products, including the launch of our connected interoperability solutions to help clients provide secure, real-time data access and meet compliance deadlines. 
We're proud of the work we're doing in partnership with clients like Parkland Community Health Plan. Parkland was looking for better ways to meet the growing needs of its medically underserved populations in Texas and to better manage its health insurance claims, member transactions and network of physicians and hospitals. Our TriZetto QNXT core administration platform, delivered in a BPaaS model, is enabling delivery of care management, claims processing, member services, provider services and quality on a single platform, thereby enhancing care coordination and member experiences. 
Our Healthcare business is a hugely strategic asset. I'm pleased with the progress we've made accelerating growth in health care. And I'm optimistic in our future prospects as health care companies modernize their business to address the need for enhanced client experiences, including virtual care solutions.
Let's turn now to strategy, including our digital ambitions. I remain bullish on both the macro demand environment and Cognizant's growing momentum in digital. Clients continue to accelerate their investment in digital operating models to improve their customer and employee experiences and modernize their operations through data, automation and cloud. While most companies have launched digital initiatives, few have made the shift to a fully digital operating model. 
Cognizant is now one of the few global firms that can serve clients across all stages of their digital transformation, from modernizing their technology foundation to implementing agile workflows. This is, in part, a result of investing approximately $3 billion in mergers and acquisitions over the past few years to broaden our portfolio while strengthening our relationships with hyperscalers and key partners. 
A good client example is Cabot Corporation, a global leader in specialty chemicals and performance materials, who recently engaged us to help transform their digital operating model. We'll be providing application development and maintenance as well as infrastructure and operation services, and enabling Cabot to create an enhanced digital experience that drives value for its customers and employees. 
Scaling our international operations is another strategic priority. And during the third quarter, we grew bookings and revenue solidly in both Europe and Rest of World, with a highlight being 19% constant currency revenue growth in the United Kingdom. We remain optimistic on our international market prospects and aim to accelerate growth as we invest in our talent, brand, partnerships and operations. 
Global biopharma leader Sanofi has selected Cognizant as a strategic partner to deploy an omnichannel customer engagement model. This solution will enable their customer-facing teams to engage with health care professionals via new digital channels, provide them more personalized content and also suggest next best actions. Cognizant deployed a cloud-based CRM, integrated marketing automation and intelligence data platform to the first 18 markets in just 8 months. And for Her Majesty's Revenue & Customs, the U.K. government's tax authority, we're providing broad technology expertise across its Pega technology stack and enabling Pega application development and operational support that will facilitate case management and customer service applications. 
Moving on now to the intensifying competition for talent across multiple industries. The demand/supply imbalance in our industry remains particularly acute. Third quarter voluntary attrition reached 33% on an annualized basis or 24% on a trailing 12-month basis. As a reminder, when we measure attrition, we count the entire company, including trainees and corporates across IT services and BPO. Despite elevated attrition, we increased our net headcount in Q3 by over 17,000 sequentially, which speaks to the tremendous work and effectiveness of our recruitment team. Given our focus in recent years on accelerating fresher hiring in India, we've made meaningful progress on addressing our pyramid. In the fourth quarter, we expect to make offers to 45,000 new graduates in India for onboarding in 2022. 
Retention and recruitment have our leadership's full attention. We are continuing our comprehensive program to support our associates' career growth and engagement through a range of initiatives that include committed annual increases and evolved approach to promotions; job boards so associates can easily explore open leadership roles company-wide; abundant new training and development programs, sustained communication with our commitment to belonging and inclusion across our company and to society more broadly; and the continuing pursuit of an ESG agenda, which shows special meaning for our associates. 
To this point, earlier this year, we published our first ESG report and set out on a path to reduce our emissions and increase our energy efficiency. Last week, we announced Cognizant's commitment to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2030. We plan to achieve this net zero goal through ongoing investments in renewable energy, building on our initial success in India where 1/4 of our energy has come from renewable sources since 2020. We will also be investing in new energy-efficient technologies across our offices and data centers globally. In addition, we will extend our expertise in cloud, IoT and AI to help clients meet their sustainability goals.
In closing, while the industry faces an unprecedented competition for talent, during the third quarter, we attracted a record number of employees to Cognizant and stayed focused on delivering against our client commitments and our strategic repositioning. We are bullish on the industry and on our growing commercial momentum. 
Jan and I look forward to discussing Cognizant's future with you at our November 18 investor briefing. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jan, who will cover the details of the quarter and our financial outlook before we take your questions. Jan, over to you.

Tien-Tsin, it's Brian, and I'll pass it to Jan maybe directly after this.
So look, first of all, attrition is elevated. We knew going into the quarter it would remain elevated. We expect going into the fourth quarter, it will also remain elevated. However, we do expect some modest declines in attrition rate, and that is healthy. We look naturally at resignations on a daily basis. We think, as we've hopefully shown in the course of the year, we understand what's going on and what to expect from an attrition point of view. Clearly, while the headline number is high when you apply the rate of attrition to more industry standard definitions such as a trailing 12-month basis, but we think we're more in line with the industry in the low 20s. 
As I think about this, we've spent a tremendous amount of effort to try to address that, both hearts and minds as well as compensation. Hearts and minds has less of an impact on margin compensation, though. So just when we think about hearts and minds, we're thinking about a sense of belongingness, celebrating success, career path discussions, training and development, and making sure that we have processes in place where people can actually get promoted more readily internally. And so we've made a series of adjustments to internal processes to facilitate that. 
We've also really embraced the bottom of the pyramid after a few slower years between 2017 and '19. Our what we call Gen C or fresher intake has increased meaningfully, and that is also helping our pyramid and our ability to have upward promotion capabilities this year. As we said in our prepared remarks, we'll add 45,000 offers. 
So I feel pretty good about what we're doing from an attrition point of view. The reality is, however, we're in an industry that is facing unprecedented competition for talent. And we continue to see attrition in the same areas as we talked about previously, namely hot skills as well as the bottom of the pyramid. 
On pricing and on margin implications, I'll pass you to Jan.

Yes, actually, you've largely touched on what I was going to say. I think the implications of digital is, of course, important from a pricing point of view, but also the competitors against which we're going up enables us to be a very strong challenger brand. And so we have pricing, I would say, accretion as opposed to dilution. 
And then just one other important point, over the last few years, many people have asked me how I think about structured deals or capital takeouts. We've naturally heavily embraced digital, and our growth rate in digital has been twice that of the industry over the last 2 years. 
One of the benefits of digital is, of course, the smaller contract duration to get with it, given the nature of the work you're performing, which ensures we haven't actually been locked into multiyear pricing dimensions as part of a 5- or an 8-year contract. So that's actually, in a strange way, turned out to be quite favorable for us going forward. But all of this is heavy lifting, we have to get right in the quarters ahead, but we feel as though we're on the right track.

Keith, so let me start with the second question, given it's fresh in mind. Look, we've already started making some of those trade-offs on growth versus margins. I think the reality is I'm delighted with our team. And our recruitment engine was really executing extremely well in the last few quarters, and we'll continue to execute well going forward. And hence, we've had a net headcount increase sequentially of 17,000, by the way, which excludes subcontractors, which also grew. 
But the reality is we don't have enough headcount to fulfill our potential. And therefore, we've been faced with choice points: which clients to serve; which deals to chase, where we walk away; where we're willing to make pricing. Stances that may put a deal at risk, but it's the appropriate thing to do given the demand/supply imbalance. So that is already underway, Keith. 
I will say in the same vein, we're really delighted with the commercial momentum we have. Bookings growth of 24% in the quarter, which brings year-to-date up to mid-teens. On the back of mid-teens bookings growth last year, tells me that we have actually really turned the corner in terms of commercial momentum. 
So those trade-offs are underway. I'd like nothing more to accelerate hiring from current levels, so that we can really fulfill against our true potential. But at this moment in time despite all the net adds, and they were at record levels in the quarter, we have enough attrition, as does the rest of the industry, to mitigate that. 
With regards to the first question around the industry forces that will alleviate attrition, look, it's a very difficult question to answer. The reality is I don't see an immediate line of sight to this. I foresee elevated attrition in the industry in the coming quarters. I think the only winner in times like this is the actual individual employee because companies like us don't win from this, clients don't win from this. And as such, hopefully, this will right itself over time. 
And hence, our focus, both not just on a compensation work stream, but we stood up a war room from a retention point of view about 9 months ago at this stage. And we spent an extraordinary amount of time on the hearts and minds angle. And I personally now spend an hour per day with groups of 5 or 6 employees that are deep into the organization to make sure we're hearing them out, understanding what's in their mind, validating that they understand what we're up to. 
I will say I like the fact that we're back to double-digit growth more sustainably. Because that helps us get a little bit more swagger back in Cognizant, and obviously it demonstrates an ability for us to stand in front of our clients, as much as our clients are employees, and talk about the fact that they will have career advancement opportunities and we will have gross margin opportunities to invest in their careers and training and development, et cetera. 
So time will tell what's going to happen over time, but we really -- we're doing what we can do. And core to that is also the, let's say, the reinvigoration of our fresher program, which had stalled. But I think at this stage, we're starting to get our pyramid back into the right shape after a few years of being off kilter.

Yes, it's a great question, Rod. Because we very often spend a lot of time on one of our other strategic postures, which is around accelerating our digital footprint, which isn't relevant just on a total corporation level but also internationally. 
So getting our international capabilities is something I'm 100% focused on. Today, it's just 26% of our revenue. And so if you think about our footprint internationally, our brand internationally and our operations, they're in need of scaling. And it's not just revenue scaling, but it's also our delivery capabilities overseas, both in terms of nearshore and onshore that will enable our shift to digital, but also I would say it's very core to our desire to build out a global delivery network where we can provide greater business continuity capabilities for our clients as well. 
We're executing well against those initiatives. We've hired, and largely refreshed a lot of the international leadership team, very senior hires in the U.K., Australia, New Zealand, Germany, Japan, the Nordics. The people we've targeted are well connected into the local industry. They understand the local market. 
And I would say the impact of that is now becoming more and more evident, not just in strong revenue growth in the third quarter but also in year-to-date this year across Australia, U.K., Germany in particular. But also as I think about the bookings momentum we have internationally, the year-to-date and Q3 bookings on our international businesses is well above the company average. 
Now those people are bringing followership, both from a client point of view as well as from an employee point of view. Our ability to attract talent is relevant there. But they also give me confidence that I'm investing M&A dollars behind senior leaders who will take post-merger integration activities seriously. And as you've seen in the last -- earlier part of this year, we acquired Servian in Australia and New Zealand and ESG Mobility in Germany. And so it goes back to having confidence in the team and having a team who take their responsibilities seriously and a team that's fundamentally connected into partnership ecosystem as well as the client network. 
Where we are different internationally, but Rod, I expect we will continue to double that in that arena too, is the notion of industry alignment. We're very strong from an industry perspective in North America. Healthcare is obviously a great example of that in the payer provider space. But as we scale into Europe and Asia, our largest country is the U.K. where we are aligned by industry. But actually, some of the country leaders that we've hired now are embracing more of an industry alignment in those countries as well. Perhaps not across all industries in every country, but there are major industries that we are aligning behind. And I think that is the way to go to get after these market opportunities internationally. 
So not just am I expecting, Rod, to maintain this level of growth. My hope is to accelerate our growth internationally in the years ahead. And we'll certainly talk more about that on November 18 at the investor summit.

Look, I've made no qualms about the fact that my priority was to expose Cognizant to higher-growth categories, notably digital and international markets. So if I focus on digital, the nature of the work we do ends up positioning us against smaller contract durations. And from my perspective, I agree with the inference in your question. This is a resource-constrained environment. And putting valuable resources against digital is much more interesting for me than putting them against captive or structured deals, where you may have an apples-to-orange compare for 1 year or 2, but thereafter you're in a book of business that you have to work very hard to grow. 
I will say when I think about our bookings, our win rates and our pipelines, I have nothing but good thoughts. Bookings were balanced by industry, by geography. If I think about even within the digital work we are doing, we have actually seen a little more momentum in the $50 million-plus category on a year-over-year basis, and I expect that to continue in the fourth quarter as well. That's different from $500 million or $1 billion deals, but these are very healthy digital-type deals for us. 
And all of this has led us to be in a position now with bookings growth of 24% year-over-year in Q3 to have a book-to-bill ratio that is now solidly in the 1.2 range. So I feel good about that. 
I will say, as the CEO, the enemy is when you have clients that are indecisive. That is not the case at this moment in time. Pipeline velocity is strong. It's fast. That's why I feel very good about our position. I think the strategic choices we made a number of years ago were the right choices. We're executing against that. But I think we'll bear the fruit of that labor in the coming years.

Yes, Lisa. Look, some of the hyperscalers are obviously omnipresent, extremely powerful. And the platform scales into various different technologies. Cloud migration immediately gets you into data modernization, AI, machine learning, IoT, et cetera. 
But then beyond that, we have some of the traditional partners we've had for years, some of which were stronger than others, the Oracles, the SAPs, ISVs of the world. But we certainly got a huge focus as well on what I would call next-generation leaders, companies like ServiceNow, companies like Salesforce, Workday. 
As a reminder, in the last 1.5 years, we acquired Collaborative Solutions to scale a Workday practice. We've also done 3 acquisitions in Salesforce. So we have meaningfully changed our position with Salesforce. I was in a recent [ QVR ] with the Salesforce leadership team, and they were singing our praises in terms of how our position in Salesforce has exponentially grown. And then we'll continue to do acquisitions in those areas as well that are aligned to our higher-growth categories. 
[ Voltas ] has set up 3 business groups behind hyperscalers. So it's not lip service. It is true organizations. We take it very seriously. I actually see the hyperscalers now focusing more and more towards industry alignment. And Cognizant's historic strength, particularly in health care and financial services, is naturally of interest to those. 
Now there are individual cases where you have industry-specific plays. It could be Pega, Guidewire, Temenos, Duck Creek, et cetera. Naturally, they are relevant to individual industries within Cognizant, but on a more horizontal nature, it's the companies I've referenced. 
And then of course in our operations business, which I'm very proud of, which has done a fantastic job over the last 2 years as we've exited content moderation, and frankly got the business back to mid- to high teens growth, they have very strong partnerships across some of the IPA players, in particular Automation Anywhere, UiPath, Blue Prism, et cetera.

So Bryan, there are multiple elements at play there. One of the bigger ones from a weighted impact is actually our business operation -- digital business operations business, which has been growing in the strong teens. Within that, we have elements that are -- we classify as digital and are in our digital mix, and there are elements that we don't classify as digital. We have tended to be quite disciplined. We changed the definition of digital over 2 years ago at this stage, and we've maintained that ever since. 
But there are other areas, including a nondigital element of our AI and analytics portfolio. Again, we're being disciplined. There are elements that we use digital, and elements that we view as more traditional. That's business intelligence, et cetera. And then on top of that, we have elements within some of our enterprise applications business and CIS business that have grown as well. 
Our goal, to be very honest, on a multiyear basis, is to mitigate the risk of the clients in the nondigital business and then hopefully maintain some growth in the nondigital business. If we manage to do that, which requires us to be very disciplined from a pricing, from a renewal point of view, that will, frankly, complement what we expect to be very strong growth in digital. And therefore, it's good news for the entire corporation. 
But at this moment in time, that is something that I think you've seen in competitors' earnings as well. If you extrapolate the digital growth they have versus the total company growth, particularly for those who suggest have a very -- a large portion of their revenue that is digital, you will be able to surely extrapolate that they are seeing declines in their legacy businesses.

Yes. Listen, I think we've got a great senior leadership team these days. Most of the senior changes are behind us. I would view it to be very much business as usual, these things, retirements, internal promotions performance orientation. But this is kind of classic Fortune 200 company land at this stage. And I've got to say I'm delighted with the leadership team we have around us these days. We've -- we're getting back into a growth trajectory after a few years where our backlog and our pipeline hasn't been -- and bookings haven't been as strong as they needed to be. And I think you see a united leadership team here orienting the company towards an evolved business model, both geographically as well as the offerings that we ultimately solution and deliver. 
So that's not a concern of mine anymore. And of course, there will always be press articles about the individuals. With a company with 320,000 employees, please don't get distracted by that. I'm not. 
With regards to digital, of course, it all depends on the portion of the portfolio you look at. Our digital growth is 18% within our portfolio. If I look at our digital engineering business, our growth rate is equivalent to the pure plays that are announcing their results. If I look at our IoT business, the digital growth is as fast as the pure plays out there. The same for our cloud business or digital experience business.
So as I said, we try to be extremely disciplined in the definition of digital. And in many ways, we've penalized ourselves. But as a broader company within the categories we look at, and I'll talk a little bit to this in the November Investor Summit, we have some gems in our portfolio that are growing at significant rates. And ultimately, that will continue to drive the growth rate of the company forward. 
A little bit, the mix shift these last few quarters that has been hanging around in the mid-40s, it's somewhat reflective of numerator/denominator where the nondigital business has actually had some better growth than anticipated.

Well, I just think, again, it goes back to the definition that companies have for digital. We've been quite intentional and being restrictive in what is digital. Included in our digital business is our TriZetto platform business, which is growing at a very healthy double-digit pace these days. Significantly up from prior years, but it's not growing at the rate of maybe a digital engineering company pure play because it's not at all the same business or business model. So it's important to recognize that everybody's definition of digital and what is within that differs. 
I would say I'm very pleased with our momentum in digital. We can always do better. We strive to do better. But our exposure to digital exposes us to higher-growth categories as a corporation, ultimately higher-margin categories as a corporation. It puts us up against a different set of competitors where we have pricing dynamics that will be favorable for Cognizant's pricing. 
And ultimately, most importantly for me, it makes us much more relevant to clients, because we are becoming much more intimate with them as we become part of their transformation journey. And as I go around and speak to clients around the world when we articulate our strategy and what we're doing and start sharing some of the references we have, invariably clients are very open to proceeding with the next meeting to better understand what we have today, have optionality versus some of the incumbents. 
So I feel ultimately that we're in the right spaces. We will continue to double down. Of course, there are certain industries where digital is a higher portion of our mix than others. And there are certain geographies where I want to accelerate our digital capabilities. Not just -- back to Rod's question earlier, the international markets where our digital mix is lower than it needs to be, because historically we spent a lot more of our focus on structured deals in those geographies; but also the delivery capabilities, both nearshore and onshore, to fulfill any demand that we create in our commercial teams internationally. We need to further extend our capabilities there. And we're working on a number of things that hopefully we can announce in the foreseeable future that will hopefully give you confidence that we're doing to writing in that regard as well.

Yes. Look, it's I would say if I think about where it is, voluntary attrition is highest at the mid- to junior levels of the pyramid, primarily in India. It's not just in one location in India. It's broad-based. But also against certain skills, whether it's cloud. Here, we're talking hyperscalers or leading SaaS players like Salesforce, digital engineering, full-tech engineers, Java, .NET, Angular. Or just across data, AI and ML technologies. I mean we're seeing significant attrition in those areas. 
It's just a hot labor market. It's extremely consistent, I think, in the commentary you've seen from our peers in the industry. And as I said earlier, we're working very hard to mitigate that. 
We do expect attrition to fall sequentially on a year-over-year basis from where it is in Q3, based on the net resignations we've seen and based on what we're seeing following the efforts we've had around hearts and minds and compensation. But at this moment in time, we're still anticipating elevated attrition in the coming years. 
And to the question that we received earlier, we're funding in our P&L what it takes to mitigate that, those compensation measures as well as our recruitment team who've been doing an incredible job for us. And frankly, we expect to meaningfully scale our headcount in the coming year. 
Okay. Thank you very much. Thanks, Ashwin. I look forward to connecting with everyone on November 18.