Thank you, Tyler. Good afternoon, everyone. I'd like to comment on several topics today, notably our second quarter performance, the demand and pricing environment and labor market dynamics. Let's start with our second quarter performance which was balanced. 
Second quarter revenue was $4.9 billion, up 9.5% year-over-year in constant currency. Growth was led by digital. Second quarter operating margin was 15.5%, up 50 basis points sequentially, in line with our expectations. Financial leverage driven by sequential revenue growth, disciplined expense management, currency benefits and the optimization of pyramid, shoring and fulfillment helped offset the impact of attrition and labor cost inflationary pressure. 
Our industry segment performance remained largely consistent. Financial Services grew 5.1% year-over-year in constant currency, led by insurance growth. This includes a negative impact of 190 basis points from the exit of Samlink. 
We continue to make progress strengthening client relationships in financial services. Earlier in the second quarter, I visited clients in Germany and celebrated a new logo win with Zurich Insurance Germany. Cognizant will help them simplify, modernize and manage their enterprise application landscape by establishing joint DevOps teams and working to extend the insurer's AI, data, software engineering and cloud capabilities. 
In insurance, [ CCT Intelligence Solutions ], whose SaaS platform powers the property and casualty insurance industry, asked for our help in enabling their cloud transformation program. We led with our enterprise DevOps and cloud transformation consultancy and partnered with Microsoft to present a comprehensive solution. This prompted the client to also select us to build next-generation analytics and telematics solutions that are expected to be key to their long-term leadership. 
In the second quarter, we combined our Healthcare and Life Sciences operating segments into a single operating segment called Health Sciences and naturally dilution given the market conversions across these industries. Health Sciences grew 7.6% year-over-year in constant currency, with growth driven by pharmaceutical clients and sustained momentum in our TriZetto product portfolio. 
Commonwealth Care Alliance, an integrated care system serving over 60,000 members across numerous U.S. states, illustrates our momentum in TriZetto. Our end-to-end business process innovation powered by TriZetto solutions and a BPaaS engagement is fully integrated from enrollment and billing through claims. Through our partnership, Commonwealth Care now has the tools needed to compete in the digital health ecosystem and support value-based personalized care for its members. 
We've also signed a new multiyear agreement with Organon, a global women's health company to help improve the delivery of health care products and crucial medicinal supply chain management. We'll help Organon scale its health care business by delivering full stack industrial technology support for its global pharmaceutical manufacturing sites in the U.K., Netherlands, Belgium and Indonesia. 
We continue to see excellent growth in Products and Resources, where revenue grew 11.6% year-over-year in constant currency, driven in part by strength among automotive, logistics, retail and consumer goods clients. As a strategic partner for digital, we're helping Albertsons Companies, a $70 billion grocery retailer, make their move to a cloud-based infrastructure model, enabling innovation and improved customer experiences, both in-store and across last-mile delivery. 
In Communications, Media and Technology, we had another quarter of excellent growth. Revenue grew 19.5% year-over-year in constant currency, driven by technology clients and new client acquisition. DocuSign is an example of a new logo win. They selected Cognizant as the preferred partner for global customer support operations across all products and services from their flagship e-signature product to newer contract life cycle management products. DocuSign turned to us because of the distinctive solution proposed by our intuitive operations and automation practice, including cutting-edge omnichannel customer support and outcome-based commercial models. 
A quick word on our recently announced organizational evolution. In July, we announced the combination of our practice areas with delivery practices, which simplifies our model by bringing Cognizant in line with industry norms. This enables us to have end-to-end accountability across 4 integrated practices from vision, road map, offerings and capabilities, including M&A and post-merger integration through to presale solutioning and delivery. I believe this will assist our industry teams to be more successful with our clients as we sell solution and deliver client outcomes. I also believe that our industry capabilities provide differentiation that we can unlock value for clients at the intersection of industry use cases and technology. 
Moving now to the demand and pricing environment. While we are carefully monitoring the potential impact of a worsening economy on our pipeline, to date, we've not seen any significant slowdown for IT services demand. That said, as we serve some of the largest clients in the world, we are aware that should they see slowing earnings growth, nonessential projects or those with longer ROI may be paused. I am confident that the breadth of our portfolio enables us to serve our clients' needs for higher levels of agility, innovation, resilience and indeed, efficiency. So regardless of what the coming quarters bring, our value proposition to clients remains. 
More generally, digital transformation has become so essential and foundational to most companies, regardless of their industry, that despite some macro demand uncertainty in the short term, I remain optimistic on IT services' growth prospects in the medium to long term. In fact, the bigger challenges we are faced with as an industry are the demand and supply imbalance on key digital skills, elevated attrition and labor cost inflationary pressure. 
I would like to thank our associates around the world who've been working hard to navigate these challenges, all whilst trying to optimize fulfillment and pricing. Achieving the perfect balance is not always easy. And in the second quarter, while I'm pleased that we drove both year-over-year and sequential margin expansion, I suspect that our focus on fulfillment optimization and pricing marginally impacted top line performance and hurt bookings momentum. Second quarter bookings declined 3% year-over-year, below our assumptions entering the quarter. While we continue to have a robust book-to-bill ratio of approximately 1.2x revenue on a trailing 12-month basis, by better balancing the factors just mentioned, we aim to accelerate bookings growth in [ every ] quarters, whilst nonetheless achieving our committed margin expansion. 
Just a word now on pricing. Market pricing dynamics remain consistent. Clients, through their vendor exposure and their internal teams, are privy to demand/supply imbalances across key digital skills and labor cost inflationary pressure. This, coupled with the pent-up demand for digital transformation, means clients are more predisposed to engage in price increase discussions. Clients are willing to pay for skills and innovation, with efficiencies, including automation and optimized delivery mix, are expected to mitigate cost increases. 
We continue to execute against a pricing initiative to offset labor cost inflationary pressure, with benefits starting to be felt but greater impact expected in the coming quarters, recognizing that pricing power stemming from talent shortages will lag behind talent-related cost increases. 
Let's move now to labor market dynamics, including attrition and inflationary pressure. Second quarter voluntary attrition rose 5 points to 31% on an annualized basis or 32% on a trailing 12-month basis. This increase was slightly above the seasonal uptick we anticipated entering the quarter, impacting second quarter revenue performance. While we have seen some signs of improvement in July resignation rates, we continue to expect elevated attrition for the remainder of the year. 
As I've mentioned on prior calls, attracting, retaining and rallying our talented employees is one of our top priorities. In the past year, we've invested record levels in compensation, overhauled our promotion process, invested heavily in our learning and development initiatives and introduced a series of other measures, including educational programs and returnships. 
Our internal Job Moves program, which facilitates ongoing upward mobility in the company, is one factor that enables us to mitigate the need for and indeed the cost pressure of lateral hires, all whilst improving morale. We've also recognized how important flexibility is to our associates and have, therefore, communicated a hybrid model will define our approach to work. Our priority is to be a welcoming, inclusive, equitable company for everyone no matter their work location. Our clients and associate-centric company aims to strike a balance between how clients want to interact with us and the flexibility we seek, all while maintaining a focus on employee engagement, collaboration, our values and a culture of continuous learning. 
I'm pleased to see that our efforts on employee engagement are working. In recent weeks, we completed our annual engagement survey that showed significant increases in our engagement scores, positioning us above industry benchmarks. 
In closing, as we execute our strategy, we were operating with 3 clear priorities: first, execute our vision to become the preeminent technology services partner to the Global 2000 C-suite; second, rally and engage our associates around the world; and third, drive profitable growth. Despite some near-term macro demand uncertainty and the challenges of navigating today's labor markets, let's not forget that we are in at the early stages, of what we expect to be a massive digital build-out. Thanks to our portfolio and our talented employees around the world, we believe that we will be a strategic beneficiary as companies embrace digital operating models. 
Finally, as we reposition Cognizant towards selling, solutioning and delivering industry-aligned solutions, enabled by targeted advisory capabilities, our margin potential will be strengthened in line with our brand repositioning to higher-value services. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Jan, who will cover the details of the quarter and our financial outlook before we take your questions. Jan, over to you.

Rod, it's Brian here. Thanks for the question. Look, it's very much related more towards the demand/supply imbalance that we see in the market. We gave guidance in November around the revenue target range of 8% to 11% over the coming years with about 2 points from M&A. Today, we reported 9.5 points of growth, so within that range. And even the guidance we gave is within that range. But my hope, obviously, is that with better demand/supply situation, Cognizant would have better headcount and be better able to get after the revenue opportunity, whilst also I feel pretty good about where we are on margin these days. 
So really for us now is about getting -- continuing to evolve the business portfolio, if you will, to higher growth categories, making sure we get the headcount right, both in terms of increasing retention and making sure we even get better throughput in terms of our recruitment. And then, of course, targeted M&A, which tends to be accretive to our revenue CAGR, some targeted larger deals that may or may not come ultimately in years to come. But we'll be selective on those, as I've always said. And in some regards, today's margin profile, I think, is also indicative of the fact that, in recent years, we haven't made big bets that may have been wrong in terms of attrition assumptions or margin or cost assumptions.
So it's really about those things, Rod. Macro, we've seen some impact in terms of pipeline progression but it's been more modest. We haven't seen anything meaningful in terms of slowdown in demand, and I'm still certainly of the opinion that while we'll have to keep an eye on the earnings cycle of our major clients and understand how they think about larger projects or ERP rollouts or projects with ROI time lines, at the end of the day, I'm very optimistic about IT services growth prospects in the medium to long term. And we'll continue to shape the portfolio to make sure we were able to show up and add value to clients.

Jason, it's Brian. So you said it right, bookings can be choppy, which is why I've always been an advocate of looking at bookings on a rolling 12-month basis. So on a trailing 12-month basis, our bookings are still quite strong with a book-to-bill of 1.2. But within any given quarter, you'll have dynamics at play. And this was a quarter where we knew we had to go focus on resource fulfillment, given where we were from an attrition and resource point of view, but also we wanted to make sure, given labor inflationary trends, we were able to address pricing discussions with clients.
And that may have had even a psychological impact on our commercial team as they are focused on fulfillment and focused on pricing discussions, and perhaps concerned about selling the next thing if they're worried about being able to fulfill against it. So it's not quite as clean as you suggested. But fundamentally, we'd expect this to pick up in Q3 and Q4. Demand is there. To the question that Rod asked earlier, we feel pretty good about our portfolio these days. We are repositioning the brand and repositioning how Cognizant shows up to clients and the kind of work we want to engage in.
So it's maybe a question of balance. That's perhaps the word of this quarter's earnings. We're very proud that we're an outlier in the industry in the sense that we were able to drive margin expansion year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter. We obviously want to accompany that with revenue growth and bookings momentum, and that's what we're setting out to achieve, obviously, on a go-forward basis.

We've taken significant actions from an attrition point of view, both in terms of compensation, significant investments in career path and overall our promotion process, significant investments in learning and development, and then a whole host of other activities around education, returnships and whatnot. I will say there are some opportunities here that we have. This is seasonally in line with, I guess, expectations, although it was a little above what we had assumed going into the quarter. But we are somewhat confident that the actions we're taking are really kicking in.
Employee engagement, as I suggested in my prepared remarks showed increases year-over-year across all 8 categories that we measured and were above industry benchmarks, by the way. We have seen progress in terms of the actions we've been taking in the last 18 months. It has really improved our relative compensation position across key markets, including India. And while it's only 1 month of the quarter, the resignation trends we've seen in July, which isn't just about Q3, it's also about Q4, have been improving. And we have good success on this internal Job Moves program which is creating a much more dynamic promotion process. So those are good leading indicators, I'd say, in terms of retention.
On the recruitment side, I think it's fair to say the industry has been faced with almost its musical chair situation, where people show up with multiple job offers. The macro dynamics may actually start becoming more favorable. Early indications are that offer to joiner ratios have recovered a little bit in recent weeks, and I dare say, for us, perhaps for others as well. So we're looking forward to hopefully being able to build our headcount more aggressively on a go-forward basis and, therefore, be able to achieve our true top line potential on the back of increased operational rigor and margin discipline that we've evidenced this quarter.

The other thing I'd just add to that as well is, of course, all headcount is not the same. We've seen a shift of our delivery to offshore in the last few years. And I think where we have to put a little bit more effort in place is to continue to build our onshore headcount, particularly in North America. We've gone through a pretty extensive effort in the last 3 years to reduce visa dependency in North America. But hand in glove with that, we have to continue to scale campus hiring, lateral hires,  and obviously, headcounts in North America, while maybe having a lower margin rate, can actually give us more dollars per head on both revenue and indeed gross margin. So that's an important factor as well.
But yes, we're all over this, and you can imagine it's got our full attention, both in terms of the recruitment throughput, offer-joiner ratios that we track as well as what we're doing from a retention point of view. Obviously, the employee satisfaction and employee engagement survey results were very pleasing to see. So it's good to see the progress we're making.

We don't really get into those details, but our average contract duration actually increased quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. Some of that is because we had a little bit more momentum in larger deals, and some of it is because of the situation that in a resource-constrained environment, we were quite selective in terms of the deals that we get after with a view to ultimately aligning our resources in line with our business model evolution. And that business model evolution is around aligning resources to our targeted customer segments, aligned to selling solutioning and delivering client outcomes as opposed to simply being a provider of resources for clients.
And if you're simply a provider of resources for clients, you can skew to lower-end deals and being in the mode of staff augmentation. So our strategy informs our actions. And this quarter, obviously, with the cards we had, which was a resource-constrained environment, we obviously had the luxury of being able to make choice points that were both beneficial to our strategic direction as well as beneficial to our margins.

Yes, I'll start. Jan, by all means, jump in if you want to embellish just as well. I think at the end of the day, James, we go back to the multiyear framework we laid out in November, not that long ago at the Analyst Day, when we talked about a revenue CAGR aspiration coupled with margin expansion over multiple years. And I would argue that's still the right way to think about Cognizant. Nothing has fundamentally changed. The results we announced this quarter, 9.5% constant currency growth with significant margin expansion year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter, unlike the rest of the industry, I think fits within that mode and so too does our guidance.
Clearly, the more resources we have, the more we'll be able to go on the attack more from a top line perspective. But what we've been really focused on is making sure we put a good operational discipline in place in terms of how we think about pricing, how we think about mix, delivery pyramid, et cetera, that's been a multiyear effort. We've also made investments, by the way, in the company that are starting to bear fruit now. And of course, we get financial leverage the more we grow sequentially. 
So it's no -- not really fundamentally different from what we outlined back in November, and that's how you should think about us going forward as well. As we are better able to make progress on our retention trends, we'll have the luxury to be able to hopefully accelerate growth and get the balance a little bit better than this quarter.

Yes. David, it's Brian. Look, I would say no major concerns in terms of demand curves in the financial services sector generally and within banking. We certainly had a good quarter, I would say, in commercial banking, which was stronger than retail and cards and payments and indeed, stronger than capital markets. So what we see there is, frankly, some more of a selective approach from Cognizant as we have repositioned ourselves with some of the larger banks, a shift away from staff augmentation and a shift towards trying to show up and help them with their transformation programs and really their innovation agenda.
So it's been an evolution of how we -- the teams we have in front of clients and what they are about to sell and hopefully solution and deliver, but also educating clients to think about Cognizant differently. But I don't see any fundamental issues in terms of macro concerns in the banking space. Insurance, we seem to have done well in the quarter as well. Generally, most of our insurance business, the vast majority is in the United States. And we had a, I would say, a reasonably strong quarter there, too. And no major concerns either from a macro perspective there.

Yes, we've definitely been strengthening our consultancy business, but also, I would say more broadly than Cognizant consulting, we've been trying to make sure that our client-facing teams holistically are more consultative. And that's a separate point, but nonetheless, similar in terms of the end product. 
And in parallel, I've personally been spending a lot of time on the road in the last 3 months in front of the C-suite of some of the larger banks, many of whom we haven't been able to serve in recent years and trying to make sure we have the opportunity to show up and be on their preferred vendor lists and evidencing to them the progress we've made with our portfolio and our strategic direction and how we think we can help them be successful in their own rights.
So a little bit has been hunting. And then for those that we currently have, it's obviously been farming and making sure we have the right engagement teams, more advisory capacity, to your point, and then obviously educating clients who think of us differently as well. We're making progress. I think it's a paced recovery. It's ongoing, and we've continued to articulate that this business will likely grow slower than the company average rate, but yet we are confident we're doing the right things to get it in the right space.

Bryan, it's Brian. We'd expect an acceleration in the second half of the year. The book-to-bill ratio remains healthy, as I said, at 1.2, really on the back of Q3 and Q4 last year, where bookings growth of 20% plus in both quarters. 
Look, some of this is frankly us in a resource-constrained environment, given our headcount opted out of certain lower-end or less strategic opportunities. And so that's business that we decided not to partake in because we chose to prioritize our resources for elements of our portfolio that are more strategic to our future direction. And clients that are more strategic from a customer segmentation point of view. So that's the first point.
The second point I would say is we did see during the course of the quarter, I would say, pipeline progression be a little slower than prior quarters and some pushouts into outer quarter periods, higher levels than traditional. I don't think it's enough to signify by any means any concern from a macro demand point of view because, bluntly, the biggest single factor we have is just making sure we get fulfillment right as opposed to worrying about the macro environment. We see plenty of opportunity for the clients. I see, and frankly, I've probably visited a few hundred clients in the last quarter alone.
So it's much more around our fulfillment capabilities and about the choice points we are faced with and that we take in a resource-constrained environment. As I said earlier, the average contract duration is a little bigger because we stepped away from some of the lower-end staff augmentation deals, and we've had a little bit more success in $50 million-plus category. So that's the dynamics I would articulate.

I just want to touch upon the other question around the commercial team. Now we're absolutely committed to the commercial team. The multiyear guidance that we gave in our November Analyst Day that became part of the 2022 revenue guidance is really about participating in growth markets, orienting the portfolio to higher-growth categories and making sure we have world-class client-facing teams that are consultative in nature and that are productive in nature. And as many of you know, we've really built out a strong sales operations function here in recent years.
We started showcasing to you the bookings position we have. We changed our variable compensation program for our commercial team. And with a few years of data now we continue to hone in on opportunities around commercial productivity. But I would say the sales roster or the commercial roster is fundamentally similar to where it was in recent months and quarters, and we continue to want to invest in our commercial team and will invest in our commercial team in the years to come.

Yes. Look, it's -- as you'll see in the SEC filings, the Communications, Media and Technology business for us is actually our most profitable industry segment externally. We have tremendous momentum there, a strong team who've been driving good momentum with digital native companies, fully leveraging our intuitive operations and automation business group as well. But we have strong client relationships we've been executing well. Delivery excellence is very strong. I know a lot of these clients personally, they speak to our differentiated offerings and differentiated delivery.
So this has been a business we've been investing in for many years as we've made the portfolio a little bit more diverse beyond health care and FSI. Products and Resources and CMT have been growing double digits for many, many years. And CMT is one of the showcases, I think, of our success in that regard, both in the United States as well as internationally. So nothing fundamentally that concerns me in terms of underlying currents there. We just have good momentum and a strong team.