Thank you, Katie, and good afternoon, everybody. Today, I would like to cover 4 topics with you, including a summary of our second quarter performance, an update on our purpose, vision and strategy, some thoughts on the macro demand environment and evolving client needs and an update on our efforts to ensure the highest levels of resiliency to our clients. 
Before I proceed with our second quarter earnings call, I would like to add some commentary to today's announcement that Karen McLoughlin has decided to retire from Cognizant after more than 8 years as Chief Financial Officer and an incredibly successful career in the company spanning almost 17 years. During this time, Karen's role in helping Cognizant become one of the world's leading professional services companies cannot be overstated. It's been a privilege to work with Karen over the past 16 months, and I am forever indebted for her assistance and leadership. Karen, on behalf of the entire Cognizant family, I'd like to thank you for your many contributions to Cognizant. You've done a fantastic job and can be proud of your accomplishments. We wish you nothing but success in your future endeavors. 
We are excited to welcome Jan Siegmund to Cognizant. Jan is an accomplished executive with a wealth of experience in finance, strategy and general management. Jan will join us in the CFO role on September 1, 2020. Karen will continue in her capacity as CFO through August 31 and then remain with us in an advisory role through December 31, 2020, thereby ensuring a smooth CFO transition. Most recently, Jan served as Chief Financial Officer of ADP, a role which he held for 7 years. It follows that many of you will recognize his name and will have experience engaging with Jan in the past. You will understand therefore why he's the right choice to be our next CFO and why I look forward to working alongside him. 
Now let's go back to our earnings. I'm pleased with our second quarter performance. Faced with the unprecedented challenges of a global pandemic and a ransomware attack that impacted our operations, we executed well. We stayed true to our digital strategy and fulfilled the responsibilities to our multiple stakeholders, including our associates, our clients, our shareholders and the communities in which we operate. Second quarter revenue was $4 billion, a decline of 2.5% year-over-year in constant currency. This included a negative 120 basis point impact from the exit of certain nonstrategic content service business which we announced in Q3 2019. We have now fully exited this subset of services. 
Our associates are the true heroes of the quarter, not just in my eyes but also in the eyes of our clients who are at the center of everything we do. Associates around the world quickly adopted to work-from-home conditions, stayed productive and helped our clients successfully navigate the initial shock of the pandemic. And when we became the victim of a ransomware attack in April, their instinctive client-centricity kicked in. We intentionally ensured that we were highly visible, transparent and cooperative with clients who recognized our perseverance and professionalism and how hard we worked to ensure their mission-critical services were uninterrupted. Therefore, I want to thank our leadership team and all our associates throughout the world for their dedication to our clients and their contribution to our performance in the quarter. 
We continue to prioritize the health and safety of our associates. We communicate regularly and transparently with them and have equipped them for virtual working and rewarded a large portion of our associate base with a 25% salary increase payment for the month of April to recognize their extraordinary continuity of services efforts. People are at the heart of our business. So employee engagement is therefore critical. And I'm pleased to report that our recent annual company-wide people engagement survey shows that our engagement scores are up across all major categories. 
Karen will bring you through the details of the quarter, but I wanted to emphasize 2 salient points. First, we are gaining commercial momentum. This is illustrated by our bookings trend, which grew 14% year-over-year in the first half of 2020, notwithstanding the challenges we faced in the quarter. North America, which grew 25% plus in the first half, is particularly strong. This was offset by declines in global growth markets given the signature of the Samlink agreement in Q2 2019. Excluding the impact of Samlink, total company bookings grew 25% plus in the first half of 2020, and global growth market bookings grew in the mid-teens. Our bookings momentum is broad-based across our service lines and industries. Bookings accelerated through Q2 with June being an exceptional month. Moreover, leading indicators are strong with qualified pipeline up double digits year-over-year, and win rates continue to be solid. 
Second, we are making noteworthy progress in digital. In the second quarter, revenue in digital grew 14% year-over-year and now represents 42% of our digital -- of our company revenue mix. First half 2020 digital bookings growth of almost 50% was fueled by digital engineering, AI and analytics, interactive and software-as-a-service. I'm confident that our digital momentum will continue given the strength of leading indicators. Clients are also highly receptive to Cognizant's digital capabilities given not just our strong portfolio and strong customer satisfaction but also their desire to see us challenge digital incumbents. Importantly, this becomes a virtuous circle as the greater our digital mix, the greater our overall company growth prospects. 
This takes me to my second topic, which is about purpose and vision and their connection to engagement, values and our strategy. The executive leadership team and I have given a great deal of thought to how we optimize the engagement we get from our 280,000-person knowledge business, which spans multigenerational and a diverse workforce. In recent months, we set out to develop and communicate a purpose and vision statement as well as reviewing the values that establish how we work. We believe this is important and it's part of our long-term success, and we will be rolling out what we're calling the Cognizant agenda to the entire company in August. It's worth taking a moment to run through the key elements of this. 
We define Cognizant's purpose this way: we engineer modern businesses to improve everyday life. This statement explains why we're in business and serves as our inspirational North Star and driving force. Our purpose also convey that while we are a B2B company, the work we do with and for our clients helps improve the lives of billions of people. Most important, it rings true with our culture, as evidenced by how well we dealt with the unprecedented challenges of recent months. To measure how well we're living our purpose and clarify what we aspire to achieve, we set out a vision to become the preeminent technology services partner to the Global 2000 C-suite. This is where our strategy comes into play as we aim to execute a series of bold moves to realize our vision, and these actions call for us to accelerate digital, optimize our core business, transform our commercial model, supercharge our talent and enhance our reputation. 
Accelerating digital is at the heart of our strategy and I have 2 fundamental beliefs on this topic. First, we are still in the early stages of digital, and the COVID-19 pandemic is single-handedly significantly accelerating the shift to digital. And second, Cognizant has a global scale portfolio and strategic client relationships to be one of the single biggest beneficiaries of this shift in the coming years. Put simply, digital creates an enormous opportunity for Cognizant and we intend to capture this. 
While the industry has been talking about digital transformation for years, many companies have yet to make the transition to a fully digital operating model, instead digitizing only select operations. In a matter of months, COVID-19 has exposed the extent of the digital divide between digital natives and traditional companies. Migrating infrastructure application and data states to a more flexible, resilient and cost-effective cloud architecture is a start but in itself insufficient. Clients are increasingly shifting their focus to modernizing their core processes to be truly agile so that they can continually improve the value proposition and experience they offer to their customers and employees. And our strategy is built on our ability to leverage our strength in the applications and data management services layers to enable agile workflows so our clients can deliver customer and business value simultaneously. 
To fully execute this strategy, we will draw on our broad portfolio and our rich heritage of delivery excellence, partnering with our clients to deliver business outcomes with innovative solutions that leverage our internal capabilities and those of our partner ecosystem. Winning in digital requires a broad ecosystem of partners, and therefore, as cloud computing has changed the way IT is delivered across infrastructure applications and platforms, we have meaningfully increased our partnership focus and investments with all 3 leading hyperscale companies and our most strategic software-as-a-service partners. We have complemented organic investments with a targeted M&A strategy focused 100% on digital. 
Earlier in the quarter, we closed the acquisition of Collaborative Solutions, one of the world's largest Workday consultancies. With its leading position in the Workday ecosystem, Collaborative Solutions expands our opportunity in cloud by establishing a new practice in its large, fast-growing market. It also differentiates us, in particular, against offshore competitors. And yesterday, we announced our fifth cloud-related acquisition of the past year, New Signature, one of the world's largest independent Microsoft public cloud transformation specialists that serves all 3 Microsoft clouds. This will provide the foundation for a dedicated Microsoft business group within Cognizant. Underscoring our success in executing our strategy, we were recently named the 2020 Microsoft Partner of the Year for SAP on Azure as well as a leader in Gartner's 2020 Magic Quadrant for public cloud infrastructure, professional and managed services worldwide. 
Let's turn now to the demand environment, and I'll start with some positive news. First, macro demand, although still uncertain, is better than we anticipated in April. Second, revenue growth and bookings momentum improved through the second quarter. Third, we remain confident that our digital, client, industry and geographic revenue mix positions us favorably. And fourth, clients are consolidating vendors as they seek more strategic partners to help them through the implications of COVID-19. This is favorable for Cognizant in that we are increasingly seen as a strategic partner not just in run/operate but also in digital. We are nonetheless cautious about the macro demand environment. While the fiscal stimulus has helped, high unemployment rates remain a concern. COVID-19 cases are on the rise in many states and countries. And many of the C-suite executives I speak with are bracing for a period of prolonged economic disruption. Therefore, the prudent path forward may be one of continued caution. This means continued rigor on discretionary spending to protection of key skills and targeted investments for growth. 
So what does the future hold? We believe the implications of the pandemic will be broad and lasting. The nature of work and of society will change across many dimensions, including how we interact, communicate, embrace technology and think about risk. The practical implications on the business are consequential and go well beyond the return-to-office time lines, business continuity planning, the question of the shift to virtual agile or questions about the future of business travel or commercial real estate policies, both of which I believe will be changed forever. 
I speak with clients and prospects every single day, and many seem to be moving through 3 broad stages. First, the commitment to keep their employees safe and their business is running without interruption. Second, an adoption phase to the new normal, which includes the considerable technological and human implications of working from anywhere. And third, the need to truly embrace digital to stay competitive. This requires them to fully modernize their businesses across infrastructure, data and applications. There's an increasing recognition that we are in a mobile, virtual and personal era, where clients and employees expect always-on and ubiquitous consumer-grade software experiences with rich visualization tools, data integration and data protection. These needs are reflected in changing client needs and buying behavior. We see clients embrace agile development and platforms and micro services that foster innovation, unlock the power of data and offer efficiency, security, scalability and agility. This requirement aligns directly with our strategy to win in digital, including cloud, AI and analytics, digital engineering and IoT. 
To help clients grapple with the changes wrought by COVID-19, we've also developed capabilities to help them prosper in the post-COVID world. These offerings, which span our portfolio, include the following: virtual workplace, an enterprise-level solution that helps companies achieve resilience and maintain productivity even amid massive disruption; data modernization, which helps clients fix how they source, interpret and consume information through flexible data structures and a modern data and analytics platform; and Cognizant Safe Buildings, which combines layered prevention controls with instrumentation, data analytics and digital technologies to help make buildings safer for occupants by providing robust monitoring and visualization capabilities. 
Recognize too that COVID-19 coincided with a period of societal turmoil amid significant questions about racial justice, globalization and corporate social responsibility. So not only are clients' businesses and technological requirements changing but so too are the demands of their vendors. I'm pleased to underscore our intensified commitment to social responsibility. Cognizant and its foundations have a long history of contributing to the health, well-being, education and progress of the communities in which we live and work. In April, for example, we announced an initial $10 million philanthropic commitment to support communities around the world in addressing COVID-19's immediate and long-term impacts. In June, the Cognizant U.S. Foundation announced a $5 million commitment to communities of color, the continuation of its long-standing work to advance education, training and career pathways for underrepresented populations across the U.S. And in late 2019, as we announced our decision to exit a subset of content moderation, we allocated $5 million to fund research aimed at reducing users' exposure to objectionable content. 
We're also proud to support global work to remediate COVID-19. More than 100,000 researchers and clinicians are now using our Shared Investigator Platform, a life sciences software-as-a-service solution. And some of their work is focused on accelerating the development of COVID-19 therapies through virtual clinical trial processes. We're also providing a team of our life sciences experts to support Verily, the health and life sciences company of Alphabet, with its baseline COVID-19 testing program to increase individuals' access to test scheduling. 
In the wake of the unprecedented twin challenges of COVID-19 and ransomware attack, we, like many of our clients, are increasingly focused on improving our business resiliency especially within our delivery and technology organizations. 
Let me first address delivery. While I'm extremely proud of our delivery team and how well they enable the safety of our associates and continuity of mission-critical services for our clients, the pandemic highlighted the need to increase the robustness and resiliency of our delivery operations. We are taking a fresh look at our delivery organization and defining a next-generation delivery model that will extend the work we've done in recent years to further globalize our network of delivery centers across the globe, which will complement our India hub. This will ensure greater resiliency, enable us to better service our clients' needs for scrum teams nearshore and onshore and give us greater access to global talents. Automation will, of course, be pervasive throughout. 
And on the point of technology, I've appointed a new Head of Technology and Strategy who will report directly to me and focus on informing our strategy, digitizing our business and strengthening our IT and security capabilities. Their first priority, when they start next week on August 3, will be to complete our IT and security remediation efforts. We've devoted substantial time and resources towards remediation and, as a result, have made significant progress in recent months. Not only have we essentially completely contained and eradicated the ransomware, we've also begun what we expect will be a multi-quarter initiative to refresh and strengthen our approach to security. A subcommittee of the Board of Directors will help me provide oversight of this effort, which is being conducted in conjunction with external security experts. 
In closing, for several quarters, I've been speaking with you about our multiyear effort to reposition Cognizant to achieve its full growth potential as we execute the initiatives of the transformation office. We've not let COVID-19 or ransomware distract us from this work, and we've made steady progress across many dimensions, including accelerating our digital strategy, globalizing Cognizant and increasing our relevance to clients. These teams require ongoing investments, including our portfolio, our brands, our talent and our partnerships. While more work is needed in the quarters ahead, I am confident about Cognizant's growing stature and our competitive position. We are controlling what we can control, making progress in our competitiveness relative to peers and positioning ourselves for commercial momentum. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Karen, who will now take you through the details of the quarter and our outlook before going to questions and answers. Karen, over to you.

Bryan, so yes, we grew bookings 14% in the first half with particular strength in digital, which grew almost 50% in the first half. And then a few industries like Healthcare also grew very strong, so too in insurance. The reference we made to Samlink related to our global growth markets bookings. North America grew 25% plus in the first half. Global growth markets was down. But in Q2 in the prior year period, we had our biggest deal in a long, long time. And I hate to normalize for bookings and that's not a habit you should expect me to talk about very often, but for you to exclude that, global growth markets also grew 15% plus in the first half of the year, and the total company grew 25%. 
Look, to be honest, when we start thinking about then the RAD model and then hunting versus farming, we actually feel very good about our momentum both in renewals as well as in new business. We've also clearly tracked the new hires of the 500-plus people, of which about 2/3 were quota-bearing and the rest were supports. We see those to have been self-funding in the first half of this year, and they're bringing through good TCV at decent margins, which more than covers the cost of those resources. So it gives us food for thought in terms of continuing to invest for growth on a go-forward basis.

Yes. So -- Ed, so first of all, I don't really wake up in the morning and think about how many points of growth I want to achieve next year from M&A. I think about the portfolio and our strategy and where we have gaps and where there are logical plays that can complement what we're setting out to achieve. And as you know, first and foremost, our strategy is all about accelerating digital. And therefore, the 5-or-so deals we've done have always been 100% aligned to digital, which is why I think we've been able to feel good about deploying capital. And the Board obviously have been very supportive of us in that regard as well. I will continue to use M&A as a means to support the strategy. We will do it thoughtfully, of course. I don't want anybody to feel as though we take anything for granted. But in the same vein, we are organically investing behind our strategic priorities. So while we've done a series of cloud acquisitions in the last year, we have also set aside tens of millions of dollars to invest in hyperscale partners and SaaS vendors with a view to accelerating our cloud practices.

Yes. Look, it's a broad question, Lisa, but macro demand for the services sector, as you know, came in stronger than expected in this earnings cycle. And I actually believe that within that, we, as a company, are becoming much more competitive. And hopefully, our bookings trends and our win rates and qualified pipeline illustrate that as indeed as our digital growth and our digital mix, which augurs well for our future. I'm seeing trends of substantial acceleration through the second quarter both in terms of bookings and indeed in terms of revenue. I'm also seeing trends amongst clients where budgets are certainly being reduced in the run-off rate space and therefore, pricing pressure follows. So of course, automation and efficiencies and industrialization is important, as is knowing what to build yourself versus what to partner on. 
So clearly, digital is accelerating, and I actually believe that COVID will single-handedly meaningfully accelerate digital, and clients will realize that digital transformation is not 1 or 2 outliers in the portfolio. They fundamentally have to get through use cases and workflows and make sure that they digitize all of that for the benefit of their clients and indeed their employees. Digital for us grew, from a bookings point of view, 50% in the first half of the year. And what was very interesting for me as you go through the data and interrogate it is that about 75% of our digital bookings in the quarter entered the pipeline since Q1, i.e., in the first 6 months of the year, with about 50% of the bookings being created and closed in the same quarter. So there is tremendous velocity through the channel as well. 
I also think clients are looking at opportunities to consolidate vendors. Certainly, as they're looking for commercial constructs or financial constructs that are appealing to them, they're looking at companies with strong balance sheets, companies that are willing to invest. And Lisa, I think these trends are favorable to Cognizant. If I've heard it once, I've heard it 20 times in the last month or 2 that Cognizant showing up more favorably is ultimately illustrative of the fact that we are unquestionably strong in run/operate, would increasingly accept it as a viable challenger brand in digital. And therefore, in any consolidation play, we will naturally, in my opinion, figure amongst the down-select. So I feel very, very good about our competitive position or relative strength. We're closing the gap with the competitors, as you've seen. And I'm confident that clients will continue to spend in the second half but along the lines of what I articulated. 
Last but not least, there are some large opportunities in the pipeline. Certainly, the industry or the competitors have also talked about those. In some cases, people are looking at reviewing their captive strategies, et cetera. I am absolutely focused on digital acceleration. We will continue to look at run/operate and taking over some capital, but we always look about the notion of whether those businesses are accretive to our growth CAGR or dilutive. And while one can get a year-over-year, quick apples-to-orange compare and the benefit, we're ultimately trying to build a book of business that is allowing us to have a faster CAGR growth profile into the future, as is the case with the companies we have been acquiring.

So I'll pass on Karen, if you will, the notion of investments. And Karen, if you want to touch upon then the dynamics in the second half guidance. Keith, we're not really thinking about '21 at this moment in time. Of course, we're doing a lot of work internally, but it's very hard to understand what's coming in the next 6 months, never mind the next 18 months. That being said, as ever, we will always focus on what we can control, and inherent to that is our cost structure and making sure from a margin rate point of view. If the market is not volatile on the top line, we should obviously do our best to optimize our margin rate. 
Specific to investments, yes, listen, we're committed to winning and becoming preeminent in technical consulting and to be one of the leading professional services firms in the world. In order to do so, we have a series of transitions we have to make, scaling international markets, getting much more commercial coverage out there, continuing to industrialize our delivery capabilities and globalizing the company as well as changing some of the brand attributes. And a lot of that requires capabilities and skills, and then none of that is arguably more important than ensuring we accelerate our digital capabilities, which requires personalities, skills, talent, brand attributes, partnership ecosystem, coverage not just from a generalist sales point of view but also a specialist sales point of view. 
So we're committed to investing for the medium and long term. As you know, I take my quarters very seriously. So we like to manage, I guess, our commitments in the short term. But the fundamental principle we're setting out to achieve here is to accelerate, on the medium term, the growth profile of the company to get back to what we've always been good at, and inherent in that will be continued investments in the company. That's what we did and set out to achieve in 2020. Notwithstanding COVID and ransomware, we have still stayed true to our strategy of investing in digital, investing in sales coverage and so too will you see us take the same principles into 2021. Karen, over to you for the second half guidance.

Yes. From an Executive Committee point of view, there are a few more changes that are happening that we've spoken about previously. We are -- we've upgraded the profile of the managing director role in India to be a direct report to the Executive Committee, to me. And therefore, we have a search underway, and that will ensure we have somebody based in India who will represent our 200,000 employees in India. We'd expect to fill that in the coming months. We also have a global growth markets interim leader at the moment who's doing a fantastic job for us. And we actually have signed somebody who will join the company in the foreseeable future. However, I am not today at liberty to announce who that person is. But that being said, the Executive Committee now is my team. We're fully onboard, fully committed, driving in the same direction. And I actually feel now I have an A team, a world-class organization around me to bring this company forward. And I know Jan has big shoes to fill from Karen, but he will step in and, I think culturally, will be a great fit for us. 
With regards to the rest of the organization, voluntary attrition has declined now to about 10.5%, and this is the fourth quarter in a row that we've had voluntary attrition declines. But in the same vein, what we have been doing very intentionally has been to continue to deploy much more of a performance orientation in the company, which means that we are now removing the underperformers on an annual basis. And then on top of that, given the volatility we've seen in the top line in the early part of this year notably because of COVID, it goes without saying that we have responsibilities vis-à-vis our shareholders, yes, to protect digital skills. But in the same vein, we also have to protect the bottom line by optimizing our team and our bench around the revenue curve. And that's why you've seen in recent quarters a disparity between total attrition levels versus voluntary attrition levels or involuntary levels. And if you look in the supplementary slides, we've actually now started breaking that out on a quarterly basis. So you'll see a 4-quarter trend emerge. 
I feel very good about the direction we're taking the company. We have just completed, actually earlier this year, what we call Cognizant's people engagement survey. And actually, the survey results showed that our results are very often better than the industry across major categories and up in almost every category in the last 2 years. So I think morale is actually picking up. I think when we execute well -- and I believe our employees were the heroes of this quarter. Despite an extremely challenging environment, we executed well and delivered against our commitments. And I think success breeds success. So I'm feeling very good about our ability to continue to engage and motivate and attract world-class talent to Cognizant.

Look, I've got to be honest, I feel really ecstatic about our momentum in digital. We're doing a tremendous job. And the first half bookings growth was fueled by digital engineering, AI and analytics, interactive and indeed our software-as-a-service offerings. And we are going head-to-head with the incumbents, be they integrated or portfolio companies or pure plays and winning more than our fair share. And if anything, what I'm finding is clients are highly receptive to our capabilities and to our portfolio. Not all of them knew about that portfolio historically. And so we're being much more aggressive in getting out there, marketing our digital capabilities and going to market with a broad partnership system. And of course, all of that leads to a wonderful outcome that the faster we grow digital, the bigger it becomes as a percentage of our revenue. And therefore, that pays dividends in terms of the overall future company CAGR prospects. So I truly feel we're in a wonderful position, and I feel very confident about our competitive dynamics. And we're happy to get in the boxing ring with any competitor, and I think we'll win more than our fair share.

Well, I think it goes without saying that if there ever is a growth culture and a company with a growth culture, it is Cognizant. And maybe in recent years, we had lost our mojo a little bit, but this company is full of people who pride themselves in serving clients and actually outgunning the competition. And that's certainly how I feel we will continue to be focused in the years ahead. So I feel very good about our capabilities and very good about the culture, not just an aggressive culture, but also a culture focused on client-centricity and a culture focused on continuous learning and making sure we have the wherewithal to go out and outcompete the competition again. I'm not at all concerned about that. I actually think the place where we have sharpened our pencils a little bit in the last year has been much more around partnering with the hyperscalers and making sure that as the world shifts to platform and micro services and open APIs, et cetera, that we are fully ensconced with those characters and making sure that we're showing up to clients together. But generally, I feel as though our culture is a winning culture. It's a growth culture, and it's a culture that's always been about being a challenger and beating the competition. We certainly have strong credentials. I see that every single day when I talk to clients, and I see a tremendous amount of receptivity to Cognizant's ambition to win in digital. .

Well, I think first of all, the quality of the dialogue that we're having as an Executive Committee, the level of engagement, the level of harmony at the executive team is now truly what I would term world-class. We are all in this together. We're all partnering and teaming, and we've got the whole organization, I think, motivated to win. And I don't want to underestimate the benefit of having a focus on growth and a reinvigorated focus on client-centricity. I think at a client-partner level, we've had that over the years, but perhaps in more recent years, we had a number of distractions on the outside and perhaps even some financial model changes that didn't allow us to do what I think we need to do. So I feel very good about the harmony of the team, the level of energy. And frankly, that is permeating throughout the entire organization. And there's just, again -- once again, somewhat of a feel-good factor happening in Cognizant these days. 
I think also, we have better instrumentation on the business. I think we have got much more data now at our fingertips than we had a year ago, and we got stronger partnerships than we had perhaps a year ago. And generally, I think this has not been an easy 15 or 16 months. There's been a lot of work. And these last few months have been particularly challenging, as everybody can imagine, given macro as well as micro elements that are at play vis-à-vis Cognizant. 
But the other thing, digital is a bigger portion of our mix. And let's face it. That's where the growth is in the market. My Board have been extremely supportive of our ambitions to scale there. The organic investments are for me and my leadership team to work through. But when it comes to deploying the balance sheet, we obviously have close communication and coordination with the Board of Directors, and we have been aggressively moving. And in turn, we have scaled out our capabilities meaningfully. And acquisitions like Collaborative Solutions work wonders because our pipeline immediately builds in some of our existing accounts. New Signature, similarly, I think you'll see our ability to scale the Microsoft business practice rapidly. So I just think the portfolio is broader. The leadership team are more harmonious. There's more energy, and we're completely focused on winning again. And any external distractions over the last few years are 100% behind us at this moment in time.