Thank you, Tyler. Good afternoon, everyone. Third quarter revenue was $4.9 billion, up 5.6% year-over-year in constant currency, short of our expectations. Adjusted operating margin grew 90 basis points sequentially and 60 basis points year-over-year to 16.4% of revenue. While a non-certain macroeconomic backdrop impacted bookings and revenue, the primary driver of the revenue shortfall relates to a reduction in U.S. onshore billable resources in recent quarters, following a period of elevated attrition, a reduction in visa travel and a COVID-induced shift in the near and offshore delivery centers. Financial impact of this headcount reduction is magnified given this is our highest revenue and margin dollar per head population. 
To reverse this trend, we have already initiated a series of actions that are intended to increase U.S. onshore billable resources, including enhanced focus on lateral hires and subcontractors, accelerated visa travel and targeted compensation programs. While these actions are gaining traction, it is somewhat slower than previously anticipated. We, therefore, expect these headwinds to continue in the fourth quarter ahead of clearer progress in Q1. 
Let me now turn your attention to global third quarter voluntary attrition, which was a little higher than expected in the quarter. Voluntary attrition fell 2 points sequentially to 29% on an annualized basis and fell 3 points sequentially on a trailing 12-month basis. 
We've taken extensive actions to increase employee engagement and reduce attrition over the past year. These initiatives, coupled with an uncertain macroeconomic backdrop, have led to reduced daily resignations, a leading indicator of voluntary attrition across the globe in the last 4 months. We expect sequential reductions in voluntary attritions to be more meaningful in the fourth quarter. 
To maintain positive momentum on resignations, we are continuing our comprehensive effort to attract, retain and rally employees. We remain focused on our people strategy, which includes our refined promotion initiative, learning and development, and enhanced compensation and benefits programs. For instance, we recently communicated to our associates that we will accelerate next year's merit cycle to the second quarter of 2023, meaning we will have 2 merit cycles in the space of 6 months for most of our associates. 
I would like to now discuss the macroeconomic environment, which Jan will also address in our fourth quarter guidance. We see clients closely scrutinizing and slowing their investment decisions faced with a backdrop of uncertain economic conditions. Then it's been reduced on lower-priority projects or those with a longer return on investment. We're seeing some early signs of slowing in discretionary digital projects. 
Industry-wise, we've seen weakness in banking, especially in the mortgage segment, health sciences and retail. In our international business, the U.K. remains solid, but deal cycles are slowing, while Continental Europe is showing signs of weakness. 
From a commercial point of view, despite a strategy to sell solution and deliver client outcomes, we remain exposed to time and material engagements across all industries. We've seen clients curtailing their spending, and we expect furloughs to impact the fourth quarter. These factors contributed to a decline in bookings of 2% year-over-year in the third quarter, representing an in-period book-to-bill ratio of 1.0x and a book-to-bill ratio of 1.2x on a trailing 12-month basis. 
Turning now to our industry segment performance. Financial Services grew 1.6% year-over-year in constant currency, led by growth in our insurance business. This includes a negative impact of 180 basis points from the exit of Samlink. In insurance, carriers of all lines of business are enhancing their digital capabilities, driven by demand for new insurance products and improved user experience. For example, Resolution Life U.S. turned to us to execute several digital transformation initiatives that include large-scale data and application core modernization and cloud migrations. We're also helping them develop and scale advanced capabilities in data and analytics to drive significant operational efficiencies in our closed book portfolio. 
We were selected by AXA UK & Ireland as a technology partner to help consolidate, modernize and manage a part of their IT operations. AXA is transforming its technology ecosystem to create a more digitally enabled modern and agile environment that's data-rich, secure and sustainable. 
Health Sciences revenue grew 5.5% year-over-year in constant currency, driven by digital services among pharmaceutical and health care payer clients. I'm pleased to note that our shared investigator platform, a SaaS solution for pharmaceutical companies that streamlines clinical trials to improve the speed of drug discovery, has surpassed 250,000 users across 100 countries worldwide. Kyowa Kirin, a Japanese pharmaceutical and biotechnology company, has signed a multiyear agreement with Cognizant to provide global pharmacovigilance services and help improve patient health through the analysis of adverse reactions across its products. 
In Products and Resources, revenue grew 8.2% year-over-year in constant currency. Growth was driven by demand for our digital services among logistics, automotive, consumer goods and travel and hospitality clients. During the quarter, we extended our long-standing relationship with Centrica, the U.K.'s largest supplier of energy and energy services, deliver business-critical services encompassing application testing, client infrastructure support and IT infrastructure management. 
Communications, Media and Technology revenue grew 10.4% year-over-year in constant currency, driven by strength among digital-native clients. We're expanding our collaboration with Qualcomm to accelerate digital transformation through a new 5G experience center in Atlanta. The collaboration combines our deep expertise in 5G, IoT, cloud and data analytics with Qualcomm's intelligent edge devices, AI and 5G connectivity solutions. 
We've also had our first substantial win in the legal sector, which has traditionally been a latecomer to outsourcing and digital services. Freshfields selected us to manage their global IT operations and support their ambitious global expansion plans. We'll be providing 24/7 managed service of the firmed IT infrastructure applications as well as managing its service desk. Cognizant will also help define Freshfields' technology transformation road map. 
As I mentioned in our last earnings call, targeted M&A remains an important tool for enhancing our competitiveness. We have several M&A targets in the pipeline in line with our strategy and capital allocation framework. As always, we continue to focus on opportunities which are value-accretive to Cognizant shareholders and align with our strategy. 
Yesterday, we announced an agreement to acquire the professional services and application management practices of OneSource Virtual, a Workday partner based in Dallas. These practices will complement our existing finance and HR advisory services on the Workday Cloud Platform. The acquisition is anticipated to close by year-end 2022, subject to satisfaction of closing conditions. At which stage, we expect to welcome nearly 400 new employees to our strategic Workday practice. 
Importantly, we continue to strengthen our leadership team. Last month, we named Ravi Kumar President of Cognizant Americas. He will join us in mid-January from Infosys, where he served as President for the past 6 years. Ravi brings client centricity and a growth mindset that we believe will help improve our U.S. revenue trajectory. 
We also announced Prasad Sankaran as the new Head of our Software & Platform Engineering Practice. Prasad joined us yesterday from Bain, where he was a Senior Vice President in the firm's Enterprise Technology Global Practice. Prior to that, he spent 25 years in senior leadership roles with Accenture. Both announcements speak highly of our ability to attract world-class talent and support 2 key strategic areas for Cognizant, the Americas region and leading enterprise technology transformation. 
Before passing the call to Jan, I would like to stress that while we're in a period of economic uncertainty, the entire leadership team knows we must execute better on things that we can control, including optimizing resources globally and getting the right mix on- and offshore in a dynamic demand environment. 
We will continue to focus on and hone our operational discipline, which is intended to enable us to adapt quickly to demand changes. While we're in an uncertain macroeconomic environment, we remain highly optimistic on the key services market and our opportunity within it. 
Finally, following sustained progress in reducing voluntary resignation rates, we expect sequential reductions in voluntary attrition to be more meaningful in the fourth quarter, allowing us to repivot client conversations from fulfillment to innovation, strategic transformation and growth. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Jan, who will cover the details of our quarter and our fourth quarter financial outlook before we take your questions.

Lisa, it's Brian. So look, at a global level, I would say we're doing similar things in North America as we're doing in India. Clearly, on a weighted basis, India had the biggest impact on our attrition historically. So we put inordinate efforts and war rooms in place over there. And frankly, in India as well as in North America and our international business in Europe and Asia, we have seen resignations come down pretty much for 4 to 5 months in a row now. So those efforts are kicking in, and those efforts are broad-based, including the obvious compensation elements. And as we announced, we just announced our second merit increase in 6 months. But on top of comp, there's merit, there is career path progression, promotion process overall, learning and development initiatives, et cetera. And so the North America efforts are somewhat similar to what we're doing globally. 
I think in North America, we've gone through a pretty material visa, I would say, a process in the last 3 years as we reduce our visa dependency. But obviously, in a tough market environment where digital skills were at a premium, we've been suffering attrition in North America, and by definition, obviously going out as fast as we can to recruit talent simultaneously. And those factors, coupled with what's effectively happened across the industry and ours, was no different. A shift to nearshore and offshore during COVID has led us to have a, I would say, suboptimal level of onshore billable resources in North America, and it catches up quickly with you because of the order of magnitude of the difference in terms of revenue and margin dollar per head in North America versus in India. So it's a question of rebalancing that. 
We have major initiatives underway, operational rigor behind it. We had hoped to make more progress in the quarter. It's a little slower than we anticipated, but we're putting a lot of effort behind that to correct it. And it's all of the factors we mentioned above. At a global level, we're expecting, I would say, significant voluntary attrition reductions now going into the fourth quarter. The good news of the last 4 months will kick in, in Q4.

Yes. Look, I mean, let me start with the facts first on bookings. They were down 2% year-over-year, a little below what we had hoped for the quarter, to be honest. It is important, I'd say, to recognize the tough comparison in the second half of last year with 20%-plus bookings growth. So that leads to even an in-quarter bookings book-to-bill of 1.0, and on a trailing 12-month basis, still at 1.2. So healthy enough, although, frankly, we lost some deals in the quarter that slipped out quarters. And that's, I think, somewhat indicative of an uncertain macroeconomic demand environment. We've seen lengthening purchase cycles and clients being a little bit more judicious in their approval of expenses. 
But Lisa, specific then to the impact of attrition, by definition, as people were dialoguing with clients around price increases, which has been one of our success stories, helping margin as well as addressing fulfillment challenges, it's made the commercial team somewhat hesitant, I think, to go to full mild to get the commercial momentum as strong as it needs to be in terms of increasing pipeline and accelerating bookings. 
The good news now is we're quite vocal with our team in terms of what we're seeing from a resignation point of view, and therefore, what they should be anticipating in Q4 in terms of attrition levels, which, as I said, will be meaningfully down from Q3 voluntary attrition levels. So I think we're starting now to get confidence in the commercial team that the effort we put in place around attrition and resignations will kick in. Of course, this is happening in a period where, as I said on the call, we're a little more concerned now than we were 3 months ago in terms of the macro demand environment. So that's probably been a bigger impact on bookings this quarter than previously, the whole concern amongst the C-suite as they're scrutinizing their spends, and it's not clear to me that we'll see a budget flush at the end of this year, and we'll certainly anticipate furloughs at the end of this year relative to last year. So it remains to be seen, and we factor that into our guidance.

No. I'll start with the international business, which we expect very good things in the coming years there. We've refreshed some leaderships over there. We've added -- with the seniority of the people we've recruited, we've added M&A to complement their capabilities. And examples of that include the U.K., Germany and Australia. And I've spent a large part of the last year going around the world, and I'm pretty optimistic around our potential internationally. So we're optimistic, but I don't think it's really taken away from the North America focus. 
In North America, Canada, there has been a shift more to offshore and nearshore. We're building out capabilities in Canada. But candidly, a shift towards India has happened. Our net headcount has materially increased in India on a year-over-year basis, and we have to -- we get the balance right. Three years ago, we were over visa-dependent in North America. We've been pretty disciplined around that as we are trying to land that at the right level. Candidly, what's been happening in a COVID world is that consulates internationally are just not functioning at the same capacity as before. So we've gone a little bit too far in that. 
That's actually a good news, by the way, in terms of reversing that for our attrition because that has hurt our attrition in the last 2, 3 years as people saw that opportunity be less available than previously, but now that we're turning that tap on a little bit to rebalance subject to the capacity of consulates that will not only help onshore headcount, but actually help morale and I believe attrition in India as well. So I think the U.S. onshore situation is independent of the international positivity that I have, and I'm very optimistic around our potential there in the years to come.

Well, first of all, I'll actually call out Prasad Sankaran, who joined us yesterday. He's got a very strong background in cloud as well. So he and I spent a great deal of time talking about where that market is going. And ironically, in the client Advisory Board last week, it was a great topic of discussion amongst, I think, clients, too. 
I would say our position with some of the packaged application players like Salesforce, Workday is stronger than it's been for many, many years. And so we feel good about the progress there. And yesterday's announcements of OneSource Virtual, we'll continue to strengthen our Workday practice. Vis-a-vis the hyperscalers, it's kind of interesting. I'm seeing clients clearly accelerate their path to the cloud. Within the same vein, Rod, I see a growing dialogue amongst clients around how to optimize your position in the cloud as in lifting and shifting your current suite of applications, whether that refactoring or another way, transforming ahead of the transition. It doesn't necessarily always give them the efficiencies that they would have anticipated. 
So there's more dialogue around how to optimize your cloud journey. And so what you'll see us do and continue to do is stand up capabilities and resources behind that, both in the cloud practice as well as in our consulting business as we anticipate cloud modernization journeys or tech mod more generally, you'll see us add more advisory capabilities there as well.

So look, the first thing on a broader macroeconomic environment, I'd say it's difficult to be conclusive or dogmatic at this moment in time. It's certainly what we determine uncertain macroeconomic environment. And the outlook is a little more concerning now than it was 3 months ago if you go back to my comments back then. We are seeing spend being reduced in lower priority projects or those with longer ROI periods. And even discretionary cloud projects, as I referenced in my prepared remarks, are selectively being reduced. So we still have a lot of confidence in our digital capabilities. 
Our portfolio is now 51%, digital up 2 points year-over-year. But some of the challenges we talked about, the macro demand picture as well as the U.S. onshore situation are equally applicable to this. And then as you know, yesterday's announcement of acquisition -- the first acquisition we've done this year. So we haven't had the tailwind in our digital momentum that we had last year from the series of acquisitions that we did. 
That being said, as Jan pointed out, we are committed to our framework of extending our portfolio in line with our digital strategy, and we have a series of deals in the pipeline as we speak. So I'd expect that ultimately over time to get back in a more normal course for us. But I don't believe that all digital projects will be immune from the current economic climate.

Yes. And just to build on that, the resignations visibility we have, of course, differs in India versus North America because the notification period in India is slightly different. But I mentioned on last quarter's earnings call had July resignations have come down, and through August and September, it was a different plateau for those 3 months vis-a-vis the prior 6 months. 
Certainly, if you look at India and indeed in North America and Europe, and in the first month of this quarter, it's continued to be low, in fact, lower than the prior 3 months. So we feel, Bryan, at this stage, very, very confident about that. And as Jan rightly pointed out, we wanted to give guidance that we want to make sure we can hit. So we're in the right zone.

We're aiming. As I said on the -- in my prepared remarks, we're working through that as quickly as we can, and we aim to make progress in Q4, but I think it'll still be a headwind in Q4. We hope by the time we come out of Q4, and we'll clearly give you an update on that in next quarter's earnings call, we hope to walk into Q1 with clear progress by the time we get through Q1.

We actually see different stories, to be honest, Bryan, across different industries in terms of our evolution towards digital, even banking where we are, let's say, more heavily exposed to time and materials. We have been able to increase our digital mix, and we've got some good proof points with certain clients. But more fundamentally, the journey we've been on is to extend the portfolio, which we've been successfully doing in recent years, and yesterday's announcement is another example of that. 
To try to complement that portfolio then with a client-facing team that is more consultative in nature, as anybody who's overseen a sales force and knows that is a multiyear journey, so we're en route, but it takes time to get there. To complement then that more consultative sales force with a more industry-aligned consulting business, and so that's the space we should continue to watch in Cognizant because we will invest behind that, and we've got strong leaders in that capacity these days. And then just to make sure that there's increasing brand awareness around the capabilities we have and references and case studies that we can showcase. 
Last week in the Client Advisory Board was a very good example of certain clients not really been truly aware of the extent of our portfolio. So we have to do a better job marketing that ourself. But I would say brand awareness of the company is up. Digital awareness is increasing, but it's a multiyear journey, and we're in the middle of all of that. And it starts with our client-facing teams and our delivery capabilities and our partnerships. And I certainly see, in dialogue with some of our key packaged application partners like Salesforce and SAP, growing recognition that we are getting stronger. But as ever, a few years ago, we were quite low in terms of digital mix, and we've been working our way back up to 50%, which we're pleased to cross, but there's more work to do.

I think it's very hard to really be precise on that, Bryan. There's just so much going on in today's world. We've gone through a period of pretty significant disconnect between demand supply on key labor -- key digital skills. We're going through a hybrid work environment as a society where, arguably, people are less entrenched or engaged with companies as they work remotely. And now we've gone through a very different scenario that the economy is uncertain, slowing. And people are -- recruiters have been laid off across the globe. We're seeing in certain companies, people are being laid off. And so the market is suddenly perhaps less hot than it was previously. And that can also have an immediate impact on attrition trends and voluntary resignations in particular. 
So we will see where water find its own level over time. I'm encouraged by our specific actions that we've taken. Jan and I have also built that into our financial plan. So we have, notwithstanding a slowing, I would say, labor markets. We know that we want to invest on a sustainable basis in our employees in the years to come, and we factored that into our multiyear financial framework, and that will help increase our relative compensation vis-a-vis peers. And simultaneously, we're doing everything we can around training and development and career path and employee value proposition. 
So I'm not sure when it normalizes to a new norm. I still believe there will be a new norm, and we won't go back to historical levels. And I think as a society, at large, we'll probably see attrition slow across the industry in Q4 and beyond. But time will tell.

Yes. I mean there's -- it's actually quite nuanced because, first of all, our headcount has materially increased year-over-year, but most of the increase has been in India. So by definition, then you have different bill rates. Within India, the lower levels of our pyramid are actually fatter, for lack of a better word, than they were in the last few years. And that's because if you go back, this year will in about 40,000 graduates, 45,000; last year, 33,000; the year before, about 17,000; the year before, less than 10,000. We had been too narrow as attributed previously. We've done a good job, I think, addressing that. And that afforded us the opportunity to have more upward momentum in the company, which is one of the many factors that has helped us actually drive margin expansion year-over-year and sequentially in both Q2 and Q3. 
And -- but James, the fundamental element in terms of the demand-supply economic imbalance and key digital scales was heavily related to skills related to all the hyperscalers, things like sales force, angler, full stack engineers. I mean they've been probably the hottest parts of the market and there's been very irrational behavior, I would argue, over the last 18 months in terms of comp increases that went hand in glove with that. That's where we've seen the hottest challenges. In terms of the absolute attrition, it's fundamentally been in India and at the lower levels of the pyramid.

Yes. The only thing I would add there, Tien-Tsin, is I don't think we were doing anything except correcting what was an overly narrow pyramid back in the day. And on the contrary, I think because we had somewhat canceled the college intake in prior years, it led us having folks further up the pyramid doing work at lower billable rates than were optimal. 
So I think what we've done in India is appropriate, and it's more in line with industry rates based on the dialogue I have with those from other companies. Where we have to do a better job on campus and college graduates, I think, is both onshore in Europe and Asia as well as in North America, where we are not adequately getting after the market opportunity there. It's -- obviously, there is a war on talent still. So we have to look at vocational colleges and not just the classic places as well, and that's an area of focus we'll have. 
Fortunately, with Ravi coming on board in North America, he has run a play there previously, which we will obviously aim to replicate over here. And that can help our pyramid. But generally, I feel good about our skills in our pyramid. I think we corrected something that was mis-skewed. And I don't want anybody to get off the call worried about our skill set in our pyramid where we've got very talented employees, and I feel good about that.

Yes. Look, it's a good question. I mean I'll start with the 2 bigger ones, Financial Services, which is about 31% of the company. It grew about 1.6 points in constant currency, but that was impacted by the exit of the Samlink business, which was previously disclosed, to the tune of 180 basis points to normalize, let's say, 3.4 points of growth. And that's below industry. We've got a lot of work to do there, as we've cited previously. 
There is a slowdown in certain segments there. We've touched upon in the prepared remarks the mortgage segment in particular. I'm also seeing some of the C-suite there talking about, let's say, tightening their belts as they go into the fourth quarter and beyond. So I think that will be a tougher sector for others as well. 
But fundamentally, our bigger issue there that we're evolving from, it's not just the folks we have in front of those clients, but also how the clients think of us. We've very often trained them to think of us as a provider of resources. I'm pleased to say that our digital mix in Financial Services is improving, and our staff -- or time and material mix is not improving enough yet. So we have to get that balance right in the period to come. Insurance, we're doing better than banking, and that's obviously in banking area we've got to go fix. 
In Health Services, we feel very good about our position on a relative basis or a competitive basis in both payer provider as well as life sciences. That's one of our core franchises, I would say, as a company. The business grew about 5.5% in constant currency year-over-year. It's 29% of our business. So it's catching up on Financial Services overall. We've had good momentum in the TriZetto business in the last few years. So I feel pretty good about our relative position there. 
And then if I talk about the other 2 portions of the business where we have actually historically in the last 2 years, 3 years, been growing double digits, CMT is a good success story of ours. We've had good client acquisition there, good constant currency growth. 
Products and Resources, I think we have a lot of room to continue to do well there because our penetration of large accounts is lower there than it is, as an example, in life sciences, if you think of that, or indeed, the payer business where we are heavily penetrated into the major players. So that's kind of how I think about the framework. 
The factors we touched upon today, elevated attrition across the industry and Cognizant, within that permeated across all industry segments, and indeed, the U.S. onshore situation permeated across all as well. So nothing specific to either of those.