Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining our call. This morning, I'd like to cover 2 topics: first, a few highlights from our Q1 performance; and second, an update on how we're competing effectively and scaling up our business in the current environment. 
Let's begin with the quarter. We've gotten the year off to a solid start. First quarter revenue was $3.91 billion, at the high end of our guided range and up 10% year-over-year. Our first quarter digital revenue grew about 27%, well above company average and represented about 29% of total revenue, reflecting the profile of many of our clients who are pivoting quickly to digital. Our portfolio of digital services generated above-company-average margins, and our non-GAAP EPS for the quarter was $1.06. 
Turning to guidance. We expect second quarter revenue to be within a range of $4 billion to $4.04 billion. We now expect full year revenue to be within a range of $16.05 billion and $16.3 billion, a growth of 8.4% to 10%. And we remain confident in our previously stated guidance of achieving a non-GAAP operating margin in 2018 of approximately 21%. 
Moving to my second topic, thriving in today's environment. Cognizant continues to be one of the world's fastest-growing professional services companies, even at our scale. We've sustained our growth by innovating in response to macroeconomic and technological changes and the resulting shift in our clients' needs. The current environment is defined in part by global economic momentum, accelerating technological progress and increasing demand for colocating with clients. As a result of these trends, we see tightening labor markets and skill shortages in many parts of the world. 
To thrive in this environment, we continue to emphasize 3 broad approaches that I'd like to cover this morning. I'll refer to them as digitize, internationalize and localize. 
Let's start with digitize. We have a distinctive approach to digital that really resonates with our clients. We help them become digital to their core, digitizing their products and services, personalizing the experience they offer customers, fully automating their business processes, modernizing their IT infrastructures and doing all of this in tandem. We use this approach to transform clients' entire enterprises, their business, their operating and their technology models. 
This 3-layer transformation enables us to build digital at scale and at speed throughout 3 practice areas: Digital Business, Digital Operations and Digital Systems & Technology. This ability to, in essence, run a digital plumb line through all layers of a client's enterprise gives us an edge in pursuing and capturing a significant portion of the huge market opportunity for enterprise transformation. It also serves to expand our presence well beyond the CIO to other decision-makers within our accounts like the CFO, COO and the chief marketing officer. Reflecting our commitment to partnering with the CMO, we're delighted that Cognizant Interactive, which is part of our Digital Business practice, was just recognized by Ad Age as one of the world's largest digital agency networks. 
At the same time, we've built a strong and scalable foundation on which to keep advancing our digital capabilities and leadership. Our growth foundation has many elements. These include our trusted intimate relationships with strategic clients and our penetrating knowledge of clients' industries, business models and technology environments. We know how to apply powerful new technologies like artificial intelligence, the Internet of Things, virtual and augmented reality, robotic process automation, blockchain, cloud and more. As clients more fully adopt these technologies, we'll be able to use our leadership position in these areas to capture a substantial portion of the growth opportunity for all of the services and solutions that will emerge. 
In the meantime, our understanding of how to apply these technologies serves to amplify our ability to anticipate clients' needs and rapidly develop solutions at scale and at the highest levels of reliability. Perhaps the most important elements of our growth foundation are our high-end skills, our global and local delivery and the end-to-end capabilities, which include our global consulting teams that advise on strategy, operations and technology, all of which enable us to build and deliver specialized software platforms and industry-specific solutions to quickly create new value for clients. And therefore, we're sustaining our investments to further scale our digital practices aggressively across industries, geographies, both organically and through acquisitions. 
Now with over 80% of our revenue coming from the work we do for clients in financial services, health care, retail and manufacturing, we're at the center of the fintech, health tech, biotech and smart product revolutions. Our clients depend on us to keep them at the leading edge of these shifts. We do so by developing solutions to advance their businesses. Here are 2 quick examples. We partnered with an engine manufacturer to identify potential engine failures on long-haul truck runs. We helped the client increase truck utilization and catch 20,000 faults per month, enabling preventive maintenance across a fleet of 150,000 vehicles. 
We also helped a leading health care company save as much as $60 million by identifying 85,000 at-risk patients. We developed an advanced machine learning algorithm to analyze and report on the warning signs of patients who are exhibiting behaviors that may indicate patterns of substance abuse. This enables professionals to intervene early to improve these patients' quality of life. 
We continue to invest to broaden and deepen our services and capabilities, and we've intensified our focus on developing more end-to-end industry-specific solutions. Based on our forward momentum and sustained investment, we expect our digital portfolio to continue to grow at double-digit rates. 
Our second approach to today's environment is to further internationalize. Non-U.S. markets are, of course, sizable and fast growing, and the application of digital technologies is absolutely a worldwide phenomenon. Last year, our businesses outside the U.S. crossed the $3 billion revenue mark for the first time. 
We've expanded our geographic footprint organically, adding new delivery and operation centers as well as Collaboratories in our key global markets. We have digital-at-scale projects underway with the likes of the English Football Association, Softbank Robotics, Centrica, Dexia, BHP and a consortium of Indian life insurers, to name just a few projects. And many of our acquisitions over the past couple of years have been outside the U.S., among them Idea Couture, Mirabeau, Brilliant Services, Adaptra, Netcentric and Zone. 
In essence, we've been methodically planting seeds across Europe, Asia Pacific and Latin America, and many of these have already become growth engines for us. In short, we have the clients, the talent, the operating model and the integrated delivery to excel outside the U.S., and we see the potential for several of our non-U.S. markets to each become billion-dollar businesses early in the next decade. 
Our third emphasis is on continuing to localize. As you can imagine, when you're partnering with clients to transform their business, operating and technology models, the need to engage with them locally is essential. In fact, the growing volume of digital-at-scale work we're doing typically involves agile development and a deeply consultative in-person approach with clients. So we continue to invest extensively in training and rescaling our teams and in substantially expanding our local workforces around the world. 
Our goal is to complement the massive delivery capability and operations we have in India with additional specialized points of delivery around the globe. That's why we've built a network of local and regional delivery centers in Europe, Asia, North America and Latin America. With their proximity to clients, these delivery centers also enable high-quality digital, agile and secure services that comply with local regulations and are delivered using the technologies and languages clients require. These centers also enable us to hire, develop and retain talented local people who can serve multiple clients. By the way, as we've built skills and capabilities in the local communities where we operate, we're also partnering with educational institutions to establish and fund retraining programs in high-demand digital technologies. 
To wrap up, our business is strong, as is our ability to sense and respond quickly to market shifts. Our digitize, internationalize, localize approach is serving us well in today's business environment. We're one of a small handful of companies with the range of capabilities to help clients transform at every level of their enterprises. We've developed a strong and scalable foundation on which to extend our leadership as the builder of the digital economy, and we expect our forward momentum to deliver a strong 2018. 
And now over to Raj, who will discuss how we're working with clients to speed them along their digital transformation journeys as well as the specifics of our business segment performance. Raj?

Jim, it's Frank. I would say largely consistent with what we have said in the past, which is that the primary focus will continue to be small tuck-ins. And as we've said in the past, as we become bigger, the definition of what is small and what tucks in gets larger. Boulder was a little bit bigger compared to things that we've done in the past. But I'm also -- and I've said that we are open to looking at something that's larger, more transformative, if it's the right thing. We feel like the TriZetto acquisition that we did a few years ago is now well integrated. We have the capability and the capacity, the management bandwidth to be able to integrate something larger at this point. But we'll be cautious, and we will only do something large if it makes strategic sense that the -- and the economics work and we think we can create value for shareholders, obviously. The places that we'd obviously be continuing to look would be things like digital. We've talked a lot about digital and the progress we've made there. If we found something that could accelerate our shift to digital, we would consider something along those lines. If you -- we look at international expansion. We talked about international on the script today, and I think that -- in prepared comments. I think those are also interesting potential opportunities. We think there's plenty of growth left for us in non-U.S. markets, so we could look at something like that. And then, of course, we continue, like we did with TriZetto, to look at software and IP and platforms and those kinds of assets.

Yes. Ashwin, I'm not sure how exactly to answer your question on reskilling. What I'd -- as you know, we reskilled tens of thousands of employees last year. We continue to do that quite aggressively, but that's not some -- that's not a recent phenomenon. As Raj pointed out, we've been skilling and training -- and more than skilling and training, we've been executing projects in the digital area for the better part of 7 or 8 years now from the time we first talked to you about SMAC and so on and so forth. So we think we've got a very digitally scaled and skilled workforce. And as Raj pointed out, I think part of the reason that we're seeing higher attrition is that competitors view us as a good place to get talent from. So -- and again, that's not inconsistent with what we've seen in past technology transitions. We have a very structured process and a very -- we're very focused when we reskill or retrain somebody. We get them deployed in the new skills as quickly as we can so that, from a career management standpoint, obviously, it's maximizing our investment when we do that, but it's also an important retention tool. So when you think about how we go through the process, reskilling and retraining and redeploying is really the primary source. And then we rely on recruiting to fill gaps when our reskilling and retraining and redeploying doesn't create the right skills in the right geographies or the right locations. So recruiting is sort of the -- in a sense, the last resort when we can't fill from internally. And when I say recruiting, I mean experienced recruiting. Of course, we're always recruiting at the entry level to continue to grow the business.

I would say, Brian, the pipeline of small tuck-in acquisitions continues to be robust. I would characterize it as about the same as it's been over the last 12 months, maybe a little bit more robust but not meaningfully so. And then the bigger deals are -- we continue to evaluate different things, but those are, I would say, so unique that I don't think we'd have any more substantial -- any more of a substantial pipeline than we've had in the past. We've always continued to look at the bigger deals. But as I said before, we'll be very careful and cautious on what we do, and it's got to be a good fit. So if we find something that makes sense this year, clearly, we'll look at it and we'll execute on it, but it isn't a foregone conclusion by any stretch that we would do something this year. We'll continue to look and evaluate. And I'll turn it over to Karen on U.S. cash.

Arvind, it's Frank. There are, I guess, a number of different areas within digital, so I'll point out a few of the key high-growth ones. First of all, digital engineering, which is sort of the new way of app development, is obviously high growth. And continuing within what we call Digital Systems & Technology, things like cybersecurity, cloud migration, replatforming to the cloud, all of those are, I would say, high growth. Within the Digital Operations business, the higher-growth parts there are, as Raj pointed out, robotic process automation, intelligent process automation, using other forms of automation and artificial intelligence to automate key business processes. And then within our Digital Business practice, virtually all of that is higher growth. You look at things like data and insight, you look at Cognizant Interactive that I spoke a little bit about during my prepared comments, looking at smart products both within the [indiscernible] and the Digital Business portfolio. So Digital Business is almost entirely all high growth. So that gives you a little bit of a picture. As I -- as we said in the past, there is no real consistent definition of digital across the industry. So I think our definition is a prudent but perhaps somewhat conservative definition. We are trying to give you a good sense of kind of what we think of as the core high-value digital works that we do so that you get a sense of the progress that we're making as we continue that shift. And I think the second part of your question was on skilling and retraining. I think that we've talked a lot about skilling and retraining, and we're doing a lot of it, equally focusing on rotation of our associates across the business because we think it's important to give people exposure to multiple technologies and skills and capabilities. I think one of the things that's just worth noting is that, in many ways, the company has a very strong engine of retraining and reskilling. It's not something that we've -- that's new in the digital world. I mean, we've been reskilling and retraining our employees from day 1. So we've got a very strong DNA, and we've got a very strong capability. And I think reskilling, retraining is something that we do particularly well.

Sure, Frank. Let me talk about growth outside the U.S. As we said during -- I said during the prepared comments, last year, our non-U.S. market crossed $3 billion. We still think there's tremendous opportunity, upside and growth there. We see -- as you know, the economies around the world are -- certainly in the markets where we participate largely, are doing quite well. The economies are doing well, so we see the same fundamental drivers of growth in many parts of the world as we see in the U.S. -- of digital adoption as we see in the U.S. In some parts of the world, as happens with technology, you even see stronger growth as some economies leapfrog one generation of technology and go straight to digital, skipping over older generations of technologies. So we see good demand around the world. And in general, as we've said, the margin on our digital work is higher than company average margin. And let me turn it over to Karen on the tax question.

And with that, I think we'll wrap up. I want to thank everybody for joining us again today and for your questions, and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thanks, everybody.