Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining our call. This morning, I'd like to cover 2 topics: first, a few highlights from Q3; and second, since we're about 2 weeks away from Cognizant's Investor Day, I thought I'd give you a preview on what we'll be discussing.
Let's begin with the quarter.
Third quarter revenue was $4.08 billion, within our guided range, and up 8.3% year-over-year. 3 of our 4 business segments delivered strong performance in the quarter, driven largely by the increasing adoption of digital across these segments. And in the fourth segment, Banking and Financial Services, we see good growth in our digital offerings, which continues to be offset by pressure on run-the-bank spending. As a result, our digital revenue in the quarter grew in the low 20% range, well above company average and now over 30% of total revenue, reflecting the continuing shift across segments to digital revenues.
Underscoring the relevance of our industry-specific digital services to clients, we continue to see our digital portfolio generate margins above the company average. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 21.1% for the quarter, putting us on track to deliver on our full year margin commitment, and quarterly non-GAAP EPS was $1.19.
As these results suggest, our sustained emphasis on digital services is helping us win more business with attractive margins and deliver higher-quality growth as clients shift more of their spending from traditional IT to digital services.
Turning to guidance.
We expect fourth quarter revenue to be within a range of $4.09 billion to $4.13 billion. For the full year, we expect revenue to be within the range of $16.09 billion and $16.13 billion, a growth of 8.6% to 9%. And we remain confident in our previously stated guidance of achieving a non-GAAP operating margin in 2018 of approximately 21%.
Over the last couple of months, we've announced 3 acquisitions to further enhance our digital capabilities. Two of them, which closed earlier this month, relate to the Salesforce Platform, where Cognizant has one of the industry's largest roster of certified consultants.
We acquired Advanced Technology Group, which provides customer and revenue management consulting and implementation services that are focused on the Salesforce Platform. Advanced Technology Group, headquartered in the U.S., has expertise in implementing automated, cloud-based, quote-to-cash business processes, a new and fast-growing part of the Salesforce ecosystem. Their capabilities will strengthen our cloud solutions portfolio as clients shift to business models based on recurring revenue streams.
During the quarter, we also acquired SaaSfocus, one of the largest independent Salesforce Platinum consulting partners in the Asia-Pacific region, with operations across Australia and India. SaaSfocus will expand our end-to-end digital transformation services and Salesforce cloud capability in Asia Pacific.
We're especially excited about the anticipated acquisition of Softvision, announced earlier this month, which will expand our digital engineering capabilities once completed. Softvision is a leader in software product innovation and development using modern, agile software engineering tools, techniques and processes. Softvision will bring more than 2,800 technologists to Cognizant, increasing our ability to provide software engineering services to our clients from a new Eastern European base in Romania, a fast-emerging hub for software developers. We expect the acquisition to close later this quarter. Adding Softvision to Cognizant will enable us to create one of the world's largest digital engineering companies.
Our acquisition activity complements our ongoing organic investment in digital capabilities, domain knowledge, global and local delivery, and overall ability to deliver for clients from strategy through implementation and outcomes.
Okay. So let's move to my second topic, Investor Day, which is scheduled for Friday, November 16, in New York.
Our goal for Investor Day is to discuss our mid-term strategy and growth path over the next several years. The strategy centers on helping clients become digital at scale, by digitizing their products and services, personalizing their -- the experiences they offer their customers, fully automating their business processes and modernizing their IT infrastructures. Clients find digital at scale compelling because it generates new revenue streams, new operating models and new ways of delighting their customers. And we find digital at scale compelling because of how well positioned we are to seize what's becoming a massive market opportunity.
At Investor Day, we'll also cover the financial objectives we'll seek to deliver for the company and for shareholders, including our targets for revenue, margins, EPS and capital return for the next [ 2 ] years. In addition, we'll give you the opportunity to meet and hear from a cross-section of our executive leadership team. Overall, our goal for Investor Day is to present our plan for the future.
One more point before I turn the call over to Raj.
For Cognizant, 2018 has been a year of solid execution across many dimensions of the company. We've accelerated Cognizant's pivot to digital, while driving revenue growth, margin improvement and capital returns. And therefore, we expect our forward momentum to continue to deliver strong results.
And now over to Raj, who will give you an update on the performance of our industry verticals. Raj?

And Bryan, it's Frank. I'll take the question about succession planning. At this point, there are no changes to my responsibilities or to Raj's responsibilities. You addressed the question to Raj, but I'll take it. As I've said before, succession planning is the responsibility of the board, specifically, the Nominating and Governance and Public Affairs committee of the board. And we've not made any announcements on that except that you would have seen an announcement recently that, as it relates to the Chairman of the Board, Michael Patsalos-Fox was elected Cognizant's new Chairman. And he has been on the board since July of 2012, has a long history and long background in management technology consulting from his many years at McKinsey. And he succeeds John Klein, who was elected to our board in -- back in 1998 and who had served as Chairman of the Board since December of 2003. John will continue to remain on the board.

Tien-tsin, let me talk about -- it's Frank. Let me talk a little bit about digital engineering and Softvision, in particular. When Softvision closes -- we anticipate it to close in Q4, putting Softvision together with Cognizant's existing software engineering capability, we think we will create one of the largest software engineering capabilities in the industry. Cognizant already has a very strong software engineering capability that we've built largely organically over the years. A part of that has come also from acquisitions that we've done in the past, for example, TriZetto and so on, which came with a strong software engineering DNA. What Softvision will bring to us once it closes is, of course, the 2,800 creative technologists, the base in Romania that we think is a significant source of software engineering talent. And of course, software engineering and digital engineering is the new way of developing software. And so we see revenue synergies as we bring that combined Cognizant and Softvision platform to many of our clients across industries, including, as Raj said in his prepared comments, to the financial services industry.

Keith, let me just -- I'll come to that in a second. I just want to go back to the point Karen was making on margin and reiterate the point that Karen made, which is that we've said that for '18, we will deliver approximately 21% operating margin. The way we run the business, as we have in the past and as we have for many, many years is, once we've set a target operating margin for a given year, a given period, we take that very seriously. We deliver to that. But then, we reinvest back in the business anything above that. So our goal is this year not to, as Karen said, deliver above the approximately 21% that we are targeting for the year, but to reinvest on top of that as we run the -- or rather, reinvest the excess on top of that back in the business for growth and for the transition that we're going through, and that's sort of the approach to margin. So as Karen said, in any given period, we'll have some operational improvements that drive margin improvement. We'll have some good guys from other parts, from other things that may or may not be inside of our control. The way we look at that sort of is a portfolio of drivers of margin, which we then use to say how much do we reinvest back in the business for growth and long-term sustainability. Look, I have nothing more to add, Keith, on the issue of succession except to what I said. As I said, the board is constantly looking at this. The issue of succession planning is the responsibility of the board, and we are continuing to assess and continue to make plans on this topic. We have nothing to announce at this point, and when the board is ready to make announcements, we'll do that.

Darrin, it's Frank. I'll take that. I don't see that happening. I continue to see clients investing in technology, investing in digital. As I think Raj said in his prepared comments, I think it's notable that we had the strongest quarter in digital that we've had in -- excuse me, in retail, that we've had in many, many years. If you look at the mix of our clients, another data point that Raj had in his prepared comments is that, in the quarter, 2 of our top 10 clients came from the technology space, as opposed to 3 years ago where all of our top 10 clients were in financial services and health care. So we haven't seen a shift in demand or -- in the short term as a result of the -- perhaps, what you're alluding to is the volatility that we've seen over the last month or so. We continue to see just clients sort of doubling down now and saying "How do we get to digital at scale," and continue to play into that demand as we go into next year.

Joe, I'll let Karen also -- it's Frank. I'll let Karen jump in here. I think that it's not always the case that there is this trade-off between margins and growth. There seems to be the thesis that there is a direct trade-off between margins and growth. And while at some point, that is certainly the case, as we've said for a while, and in fact, 18 months ago, when we did the analysis on the topic, a lot of the core operational improvements that we've done in the business to drive growth are good operating hygiene types of things that we think are opportunities for us just to run the engine better. We've had -- in 2 months, we'll celebrate 25 years as a company. We had 20-something years of very, very strong growth. The focus during those years was less on operational excellence. That creates lots of opportunities for us to optimize things around the business. And those things are just good operating discipline. In most cases, those things don't have a direct impact on growth. And so while it may seem at the 50,000-foot level that there's a trade-off between margins and growth, at the place where we are right now, I feel like we are optimizing places where the company had excess, where the company wasn't optimal, we were not best-in-class relative to our peer set. We're looking at that carefully. We had done that analysis. When we began this exercise, we had a third-party come in and look at our operational metrics relative to competition. We have identified areas that -- where we are not best-in-class, and we're focused on closing the gap. And in many of those cases, as I said, there isn't a trade-off with growth. As it relates to culture, I think we're building a muscle in the place around operational excellence and around operational discipline. I think that's a good muscle. I think it's a muscle that will serve the company well, well into the future. And I think that, that is a good muscle to be building, and not one that I think is disruptive to the culture. I don't know, Karen, if you want to add to that.

So, Lisa, I would say -- it's Frank. It's a combination of some of the things that you talked about. I would say, we are quite comfortable with the digital portfolio as it is right now, but we'll continue to do acquisitions to strengthen that portfolio of services. Obviously, once Softvision closes, that will be an important arrow in the quiver as it relates to digital engineering. The second is the turn, if you will, in Banking and Financial Services. As you saw in this quarter, we were quite pleased with the growth in 3 of our 4 segments, which all showed good growth. Financial Services, as Raj said, we see the turn happening in North America, where the digital revenue growth is now starting to offset the pressure on the run-the-bank spending. When that turn comes to our clients in the rest -- in our Financial Services clients in the rest of the world, then I think that, that will remove a drag from a segment perspective. I would point to those 2 as the 2 major factors at this point. And it goes without saying that as we execute against our plan, as you've seen for many, many quarters now, the revenue base of the company diversifies away from Financial Services and Healthcare as the other 2 segments grow faster off a smaller base. And so we view those as large incremental market opportunities in addition to Financial Services and Healthcare that continued to be large opportunities in their own right. So we think that, overall, there's a big market opportunity. The digital portfolio continues to grow at very healthy rates. And so it's a question of focusing that digital portfolio on the large market opportunity that we have. And then, of course, the last lever is our global growth. We continue to expand the footprint of the company to markets outside of our traditional markets in North America and Europe, and so the rest of what we call the Rest of World and Asia Pacific continues to be a focus area for us for growth.
Good. I think with that, we'll wrap up the call. I want to thank everybody for joining us today and for your questions. And we look forward to speaking with you again in just a couple weeks here at our Investor Day. Thank you.