Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. This morning, Cognizant announced solid Q4 and full year 2018 results. We also announced, as you've seen, our plan to effect a smooth transition in our leadership team to take the company forward in the coming years. Having cofounded Cognizant, which celebrated its 25th anniversary less than 2 weeks ago, I've spent half my life here, and I've had the privilege of serving as CEO for the past 12 years.
Last year, in connection with the board's regular leadership assessment and succession planning processes, I informed my fellow board members that I was considering stepping down from my role as CEO sometime in 2019. As a board, we embarked upon a methodical search for my successor to ensure a fully thought through and orderly transition when the time came. Our announcement this morning is the result of that process.
I'm pleased that Mr. Brian Humphreys, who is the CEO of Vodafone Business and a member of Vodafone Group's Executive Committee, will be the new CEO of Cognizant effective April 1 of this year. Brian is a terrific executive, and I look forward to working with him closely to ensure the smoothest possible transition. I speak for all of my fellow directors in saying that Brian is a strong choice to lead Cognizant in its next phase of growth. I'll have more to say about Brian in a minute.
Before I do, I want to take a moment to thank the entire global Cognizant team for the tremendous accomplishments of the past 25 years, and in particular, during my tenure as CEO. My thank yous need to begin with my long-time colleague and the President of Cognizant, Raj Mehta. Raj has been our president for the past 2.5 years and has provided Cognizant with his leadership, operational skills and passion for clients for more than 2 decades in a variety of operating roles. We are grateful to Raj for his countless contributions to the growth and success of Cognizant over the years. He's ready for a new challenge and has decided to step down from his role as president and to leave the company shortly after Brian arrives. On behalf of the board, I wish Raj well in his future endeavors.
I'm proud of what our global team has worked with such skill and energy to build during my CEO tenure. Over the past dozen years, we've grown annual revenues from $1.4 billion to $16 billion, moving Cognizant into the Fortune 200. We scaled our talent base over that period from 39,000 to 282,000 associates. And since our IPO, we've increased the company's market value more than 400-fold, from less than $100 million to approximately $40 billion.
I'm especially proud of how we've served as a trusted partner and guide to our clients as they transition from one technology era to the next and as they transform their businesses to improve operational performance and generate new growth. And now with the mainstream adoption of digital at scale, we have invested significantly in the distinctive capability needed to set Cognizant up for its next stage of sustainable strong growth and value creation, as we outlined for many of you during our November Investor Day. 
In fact, over the past several years, we've evolved nearly every aspect of our company: our domain knowledge, our services portfolio, our methodologies, our geographic footprint, global and local delivery, our leadership team and even our culture, to ensure that we can provide compelling value to clients and capture this market opportunity, which is larger than any we've seen before.
We're gratified that others have recognized the strength of this foundation, as Fortune Magazine recently named us one of the world's most admired companies for the 11th year in a row. It's been an honor and a privilege to lead the best team in the industry as we've accomplished milestones that few others in the services business have been able to match. So on April 1, the time will be right for me to pass the baton to Brian, who has the experience, the drive and the commitment to execute on our growth agenda.
The board embarked on the search process with a view to our long-term future, knowing that the full transformative effect of the digital buildout on our clients, our company and the economy is still to come. We sought someone with a track record of success across multiple companies, industries, technology, geographies, roles and organizational cultures. Brian fits that bill. At Vodafone Business, for example, which had annual revenues of approximately $14 billion in fiscal 2018, Brian is responsible for the entire global portfolio, which consists of all B2B fixed and mobile customers as well as IoT, cloud hosting and security services. Brian has successfully run large-scale global technology businesses, and he has a focused and disciplined approach to execution and driving profitable growth.
Brian's first day as Cognizant's CEO will be April 1. Until then, I'll continue in my role as Vice Chairman and CEO. And once he is on board, I'll transition to the full-time role of Executive Vice Chairman to actively support Brian and to help him get off to a running start. When that transition concludes, I'll remain on the board as Vice Chairman. I'm fully committed to ensuring Brian's success and Cognizant's continued growth in my current and future roles.
Turning to an update on our business. I'd like to run through a few Q4 and full year highlights, followed by guidance for 2019. And then I'll comment on the strategic plan we introduced nearly 3 months ago at Investor Day.
Starting with Q4. Revenue was $4.13 billion, within our guided range and up 8.8% year-over-year in constant currency. In the quarter, our digital revenue grew in the mid-20% range, well above company average, and is now over 30% of total revenue, reflecting our continuing shift to digital revenues. Our portfolio of digital services generated margins above the company average, and our non-GAAP EPS for the quarter was $1.13.
For the year as a whole, revenue grew 8.5% in constant currency to $16.13 billion. During the year, we diversified our revenue base and our client roster and invested significantly for growth. We instilled greater operating discipline across the company, further simplified the business and acquired 5 companies. And for the year, we returned $1.6 billion to shareholders through our capital return program.
Let's turn to guidance. For the full year, we expect revenue growth to be within a range of 7% to 9% in constant currency, which falls within the medium-term target we defined at the Investor Day. And for the first quarter of 2019, we expect revenue growth to be within a 7.5% to 8.5% range in constant currency.
Turning to margins. As you'll recall from Investor Day, from here forward, we will include stock-based compensation expense and acquisition-related charges in our non-GAAP measure of operating margin. For 2019, our adjusted operating margin target will be approximately 19%.
I'd like to offer a few thoughts now on the demand environment. As we've referenced on prior calls, we are moving quickly to an era in which technology's role has shifted, from supporting the business to actually being the business. Clients are clearheaded about this dynamic and continues to see the business case for digital transformation as absolutely compelling, even against the backdrop of some global economic volatility. Our strategy for continuing to deliver disciplined and profitable growth, as outlined at the November Investor Day, responds directly to our clients' mandate for transformation. 
To help clients speed their journey to digital at scale, we're investing to build distinctive leadership in 6 advanced capabilities: interactive; artificial intelligence and analytics; intelligent process automation; platform solutions; core modernization; and digital engineering. These 6 capabilities are aligned to our 3 practice areas and play to our expertise and strong market positions. And all 6 areas offer ample headroom for growth. And when we combine our focused investment through these capabilities with targeted acquisitions as well as continued geographic expansion and industry diversification, we have our engine for delivering continued growth. The board and I kept this strategy front of mind during the CEO selection process we undertook, so we expect the strategy presented at the Investor Day to continue to direct Cognizant's approach to the market opportunity, shaped, of course, by Brian's perspective as he transitions into the CEO role.
I want to close by saying how fortunate I am to lead a company of Cognizant's scale and stature, and how proud I am of the work our associates do every day across the globe. I look forward to continuing on the board and to ensuring a smooth transition. And I'm confident that Cognizant's best days are ahead.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Karen, who will give you an update on both our operational and financial performance. Karen?

Tien-Tsin, thanks a lot for the kind words. Yes. Look, I think that I'll say a couple of things. When we set out to think about my successor, the board conducted a thorough process. And what we were really focused on, Tien-Tsin, what's the strategy that we laid out for all of you at Investor Day as the sort of the core of what's going to take the company forward. And as we assessed our choices, Brian is just a solid choice. He is a well-regarded, highly regarded technology executive. He's got a great track record of success across multiple companies, industries, technologies, geographies, roles and organizational cultures. And I think with his global perspective, but also client focus, experience with transformational technologies, he is the right executive to execute on our strategy as digital continues to permeate and power every industry.

Yes. Thanks a lot, Lisa. I appreciate again the kind words. It's been quite a run. And just as an anecdote, I was thinking about it the other day. This is my 48th quarter that I will be reporting as the CEO of this place. So I guess, as a CEO, you measure by public company quarters. Look, I think, Lisa, the -- here's what I would say to your question. I think that as I look forward, the difference that we're going to see over the next 5, 10 years is -- and I've been saying this. It may even sound somewhat clichéd at the moment. But technology is really going from a decade ago, when it was supporting the back office of a business, to really being the very essence of businesses today. I say often that every enterprise is now a technology enterprise. Every business leader is really a technology leader. Every budget can be considered a technology budget inside of our clients. I mean there's really this pervasiveness of technology that we're already starting to see and, therefore, which I think we're going to continue to see as technology becomes just more and more integral to not just businesses, but governments and societies, and so on and so forth. 
Against that context, I think that firms like ours need to really have a set of capabilities that line up directly with that role that technology will play going forward. And that's why I think that the 6 capabilities that we outlined for you at Investor Day are so important. If you look at them as capabilities, they individually represent big market opportunities. But if you look at them as a set, as a group, they really represent what I believe are the core capabilities that every enterprise is going to need to embed deeply into their operations, into their P&L, into their business, so that they can fully take advantage of digital at scale. And so I think that this notion of how you organize yourself as a services business and how you respond to this idea of digital at scale, the pervasiveness of technology across the enterprise is really going to be the core trend that services businesses will have to respond to over the coming decade.

Thanks, Lisa. Look, I always start the immigration questions with a big-picture answer, which is that the reality is that, in many parts of the world, certainly in the United States, many parts of Western Europe, there really is a significant shortage of technology talent, which needs to be addressed for these economies to stay -- to remain competitive. If you go back to the first part -- or your first question, as the world becomes more technology-intensive, we -- these economies really need skilled technologists to maintain a competitive edge. We continue to make progress. At Investor Day, we shared with you that, at the moment, in North America, over 40% of our North American workforce or let's say our U.S. workforce is citizens or permanent residents. We continue to make significant progress, and I expect that in the medium term, we'll be well over 50%.

Thanks, Ed. Look, I don't think we are dependent on winning large transformational deals. The business is built on this -- and the vast majority, whether it's in Healthcare or in any of the other verticals, is built on this idea of continuing to grow with our clients in a methodical way. That usually involves many, many small and medium-sized projects with each client to continue to grow. We will continue to do large transformational deals. We announced the deal that Karen spoke about recent -- this quarter with the 3 Finnish banks. That's a great example of a transformational deal that plays into our strategy, platforms, and so on and so forth. And so I certainly don't -- will not rule out doing those deals going forward. But I don't think the engine or the Cognizant business is built on an assumption that we're going to do those deals to continue to grow.

Jim, it's Frank. Look, I think, as I said in my prepared comments, what I see is an environment -- as you said, in traditional, in what you would think of as traditional IT, clearly, pressure on running the business, maintenance types of activities in order to free up the dollars to invest in growth. That trend has been going on for a while. Equally importantly, as I said, as technology permeates organizations, I think we are able to tap into new budgets. As I said, almost every budget is now somewhat a technology budget. Whether it's the R&D budget, whether it's the marketing budget, all of these become new sources of opportunity for us. And so overall, I think our market opportunity has never been larger. It continues to expand given technology permeating all aspects of organizations. 
I think as it relates to the macro environment, clearly, there are concerns out there about various issues in Europe, in relations with China, and so on and so forth. I haven't seen it yet translate into a meaningful impact on demand for us. And so at this point, when I think about 2019, I see a solid demand environment.

Thanks, Bryan. As I said before, the board conducted a very methodical search for my successor. We kept in mind very carefully sort of the strategy that we outlined for you during our Investor Day a few months ago. And as we went through that process, we just -- we determined that Brian is the right executive. We think that he's got a terrific track record of success across companies in the technology space, multiple industries, obviously technologies themselves, geographies, roles and organizational cultures. And when we put all of that together, we just think that Brian is the right executive to execute on the strategy that we outlined for you at Investor Day as digital continues to permeate and power, as I said before, every industry.

I would say a couple of things which we've said in the past. On a like-for-like basis, once you look at sort of all-in costs, our talent base in the U.S., whether that talent base is, if you will, hired locally or folks that are here on some sort of a visa, there isn't a meaningful cost difference between those 2 talent pools. So we are, from a cost standpoint, indifferent. Of course, as I said earlier, we are in a tight -- in a constrained market, as you pointed out. And so given the demand for our services, we're always struggling to find the talent that we need to fulfill our growth ambitions. But like-for-like, all in, the costs are about the same.

The last thing maybe I'll add, to sort of jump back in. But remember that when we look at our portfolio of digital -- revenue from digital, that is running -- it has and continues to run at above company average margins, which I think speaks to our ability there to drive pricing despite the fact that, in general, the talent pool, as Karen pointed out, in the digital part of the business is a higher-cost talent pool.

Keith, my primary and really only goal here is to ensure that we do whatever is necessary to make sure that Brian is incredibly successful as we go through the transition and beyond that. And my commitment to my fellow board members and to the company is that I will play whatever role is necessary to make sure that, that happens, and not a bit more than that. And so we will play that as things come. But at the moment, my commitment is to all of you, to our shareholders, to my 282,000 fellow associates around the world and to my fellow board members, that my commitment is to make sure that I do whatever is in my power to ensure we have an absolutely smooth transition.

Rob, it's Frank. Multiple parts to your question there. Let me just, first of all, just say that, as we think about Raj, I want to just say that it's worth really spending a minute to thank Raj for his countless contributions to the growth and success of Cognizant. When Raj joined the company, I think we were $20 million in revenue, and from that, to over $16 billion last year. Raj has provided leadership, operational skills, passion for clients for over 2 decades in a variety of operating roles. And he's, as you know, served as our president for the past 2.5 years. So I just want to thank Raj, acknowledge his many, many, many contributions to the company on this call, and wish him well in his future endeavors. 
I think that as we've outlined for you today, our targets and our guidance for 2019 are based on our best view of the business at this point for the year. We're providing those to you, as we always do, having considered all of the factors that could positively or negatively influence our performance. And this is our best view, and that continues to be the case with the 2019 guidance. I am sure that as Brian comes in, he will bring his perspectives to the role. And when we have updates, we will provide those to you and -- or Brian will going forward. I don't think we have anything else to add to that, Karen.
So I guess thanks very much, everybody. Thanks again for joining the call. I want you all to know that I've truly enjoyed the many, many interactions with all of you over the 48 quarters that I've done this. I look forward to introducing Brian to you in the days ahead and during the transition process once he's on board. So thank you very much.