Thank you, Tyler. Good afternoon, everybody. Against a challenging labor market backdrop and the recent humanitarian crisis in India, we executed well in the second quarter, allowing us to deliver significant upside to our revenue guidance. Second quarter revenue of $4.6 billion represented growth of 15% year-over-year or 12% in constant currency.  I'm grateful to our teams across the world for their own flagging dedication to consistently meeting our promises to clients. Thanks to the professionalism of all our associates with no major disruption to client service delivery from the second wave of the pandemic in India. 
We continue to execute against our previously announced Operation C3, which includes our vaccination drive across the 11 cities where Cognizant has operations in India. To date, we've administered or reimbursed over 160,000 vaccines to associates or their families and dependents. 
I'm pleased with the strength of key commercial metrics. Bookings growth accelerated to 12% year-over-year in the second quarter, and our book-to-bill ratio is now 1.2 on a trailing 12-month basis. Qualified pipeline is significantly up, and our win rates are also up year-to-date, positioning us well for continued bookings momentum. Digital revenue growth accelerated to 20% year-over-year in the quarter. 
Moving to industry segments. We posted strong double-digit year-over-year constant currency growth in Communications, Media and Technology, Products and Resources and Healthcare. We've achieved a double-digit CAGR over the past 4 years in Communications, Media and Technology and remain optimistic on our growth prospects. This industry is now home to some of our largest clients. 
Within Products and Resources, we continue to post excellent growth in manufacturing, logistics, energy and utilities. Meanwhile, both retail and consumer goods and travel and hospitality posted their fourth successive quarter of sequential revenue increases, and are now close to prepandemic revenue levels. 
Our Healthcare business had a strong quarter with double-digit year-over-year growth in both the life sciences and U.S. payer and provider businesses. I'm delighted with our sustained momentum in life sciences, which will allow us to cross the $2 billion annualized revenue threshold later this year. As we strengthen our relationship with existing biopharma and medical device companies, our strong client references and delivery excellence are positioning us well to expand into new logos. For example, we partnered with Viatris, the newly formed company resulting from the merger of Mylan and Upjohn, a legacy division of Pfizer, to support their integration readiness for day 1. We are now continuing our collaboration on post-merger integration services. 
We will continue to invest to support our clients' digital needs in the life sciences business. Last week, we agreed to acquire TQS Integration, a privately owned Ireland-based global industrial data and intelligence company that will enhance our smart manufacturing offerings and build upon our successful acquisition of Zenith Technologies from 2019. And earlier this month, we announced a strategic alliance with global health technology leader Philips to develop end-to-end health solutions that will enable health care organizations to improve patient care and accelerate clinical trials. 
Over the past 2 years, we focused significant effort on reinvigorating the U.S. payer and provider businesses. These efforts have started to bear fruit. During the second quarter, we expanded our existing partnerships with large payer clients and added new logos in the provider market. The TriZetto product business is highly strategic to our Healthcare business. Following some weakness post the 2014 acquisition, we spent considerable energy soliciting client feedback and refreshing the product road map over the last 2 years. We are now seeing growing momentum in the business. Annual growth rates in the TriZetto product business doubled in 2020 over 2019, and are on track to double again in 2021, following double-digit revenue growth in the first half of the year. 
Turning now to Financial Services, which grew 5% year-over-year in constant currency. Both the banking and insurance businesses grew year-over-year and sequentially. In banking, which is most of the Financial Services business, we have sharpened our focus on the highest potential client relationships over the past 18 months. We've refreshed now about half of our client-facing teams, bringing in seasoned industry talent with an emphasis on executive engagement and selling and delivering business outcomes in collaboration with the financial services partner ecosystem. While we are making progress in our client engagement strategy, and have seen sustained momentum in regional banks, banking results continue to be hindered by ongoing revenue erosion in large global banks. As such, while we expect full year financial services revenues to grow modestly, the repositioning of the business continues. 
Before discussing the macro demand environment, I would like to acknowledge the progress we've made in our BPO business, which we call digital business operations. Two years ago, we made the decision to exit certain nonstrategic elements of the content moderation business that had been a meaningful contributor to growth. This decision impacted the growth trajectory of DBO and required us to reposition the business. Two years on, we've now successfully completed the exit of the content moderation business. And as of the third quarter, revenue compares will be like-for-like. 
I'm pleased with the revised strategic direction of digital business operations, which focuses on automation, analytics and consulting as well as platform-based and core business process operations. Year to date, we've seen double-digit revenue growth in digital business operations, and we expect to sustain this growth in the coming years, driven by strong results in modern BPO segments like digital natives and intelligent process automation and by our leadership position in BPaaS within the Healthcare segment. 
A recent example of our client momentum is Johns Hopkins HealthCare, who turned to us to transition their Medicaid and commercial lines of business from legacy platforms and operations to our leading BPaaS solution. We'll be providing a modern, scalable cloud-based platform to enable Johns Hopkins HealthCare to be a more robust, flexible organization that can deliver better, more affordable patient outcomes. 
Let's turn now to macro demand, which is particularly robust as clients modernize their legacy environments, embrace the cloud and invest in innovation. We continue to believe that the next phase of digital is about transforming processes to become agile, intelligent and automated and always with an eye on customer experience. Hyperpersonalization is fueling significant demand in analytics, AI and ML. 
Given strong demand on our bullish outlook in the industry, we are committed to meaningfully scaling our headcounts over the coming quarters. However, this macro demand backdrop has also created a demand-supply imbalance in key skills and has meaningfully increased industry attrition. As we noted in last quarter's remarks, we expected attrition to go up sequentially in Q2, and it did. Second quarter voluntary attrition reached 29% on an annualized basis or 18% on a trailing 12-month basis. As a reminder, our attrition metric captures the entire company including trainees and corporate across both IT services and BPO. Against this backdrop, we continue to take a series of actions to reduce attrition, including compensation adjustments, job rotations, reskilling and promotions and a host of associate engagement activities. Fortunately, we meaningfully increased our recruiting capacity over the last 6 months as we anticipated the spike in attrition, following the V-shaped demand recovery in the second half of 2020. 
Our human resources team have done a remarkable job helping us mitigate the impact of elevated attrition through comprehensive hiring, onboarding and skilling programs. In fact, we now expect to hire approximately 100,000 laterals in 2021 and to train close to 100,000 associates. In addition, we expect to onboard approximately 30,000 new graduates in 2021 and make 45,000 offers to new graduates in India for 2022 onboarding. 
Over recent years, we've been methodically shifting our revenue mix to digital, which now accounts for more than 44% of our revenue. Since 2019, we've invested more than $2 billion in mergers and acquisitions to accelerate our digital capabilities. While the impact of recent acquisitions has reduced Q2 company margins given diligence and integration costs and acquired company margin dilution, it has nonetheless been the right thing to do. These investments have changed the growth profile of Cognizant by shifting our businesses to higher growth categories and reducing our exposure to nondigital categories that have declined in recent years. 
Today, I wanted to spend a moment addressing some of our progress against our targeted digital battlegrounds, including IoT, digital engineering and cloud. Our IoT business has scaled rapidly and revenues are now expected to exceed $600 million in 2021, almost twice the size of what it was in 2019. Cognizant was recently ranked #1 in the managed IoT services category in ISG's 2021 IoT services evaluation for both the U.S. and Europe. 
Our digital engineering business is now at a $1.2 billion annual run rate, growing 30%, making it one of the largest digital engineering businesses in the world. In June, Cognizant was named a leader in Everest Group's PEAK Matrix for Software Product Engineering Services 2021 Report. 
We've also made tremendous headway in our cloud business. Seven of our acquisitions over the past 18 months have been cloud-related. As you may know, Gartner in its Magic Quadrant for public cloud infrastructure managed services providers, elevated Cognizant from a niche provider player in 2018 to challenger in 2019 and to leader in 2020. We now have 3 cloud-focused business groups: one for Microsoft, another for AWS, and a third most recently for Google, each supported by specialized cloud experts and solution architects. 
For example, we've been recently engaged with Microsoft's industry clouds in areas like financial services, health care and retail. In the past 2 years, thanks to our ongoing market momentum, the acquisitions of New Signature, Contino and 10th Magnitude and the formation of our Microsoft business group, we have meaningfully changed the ranking to become one of Microsoft's leading global system integrator partners. Our commitment to the partnership and focus on technical intensity is demonstrated by more than 100% year-over-year growth in our Microsoft cloud certifications. 
Our success in expanding our portfolio has not only made us more competitive, but has encouraged more clients to engage us to execute their transformation agendas. This positions us to take full advantage of our client base by enabling us to upsell and cross-sell in our existing accounts, and enables us to get new logos by leading with digital. For example, Gilead Sciences selected us to lead a body of work related to IT business transformation as well as development of an enhanced security and compliance posture. We will utilize our deep life science industry knowledge augmented by recent acquisitions like Zenith Technologies and collaborative solutions, along with our proprietary legacy modernization framework and robust automation capabilities to support this work. Our aim is to accelerate the company's technology transformation and further enhance its digital capabilities. 
In another example, given our advanced capabilities in digital automotive, engineering, R&D and smart connected mobility, Qualcomm Technologies, one of the world's foremost semiconductor and connectivity solutions companies, turned to us to build a reliable cloud-agnostic connected vehicle management solution. The aim of this integrated platform is to connect vehicular onboard applications, manage car-to-cloud operations and work across nearly every OEM vehicle platform and its cloud infrastructure. 
Lastly, building exceptional digital experiences is of increasing importance to clients who sometimes struggle to connect the dots between the experience itself and the underlying business functions. With our extended portfolio, we're now able to orchestrate software, data, platforms and programs to transform high-value interactions into personalized experiences that drive business results. A great example of this is how we're now partnering with NBC to reimagine their customer experience, creating direct-to-consumer commerce strategies, driving attendance to their theme parks and supporting their marquee event to 2021 Summer Olympic Games. 
In closing, I've been in the CEO role now for more than 2 years, and I see a new Cognizant taking shape. Our solution portfolio is stronger than at any time in our history. This has changed the way clients and partners perceive us and helps us deliver differentiated business outcomes. We are bullish on the industry and our prospects within it. We are well positioned to capitalize on digital transformation market trends, which are accelerating, and we have an enormous opportunity in our international markets. But we are in one of the hottest job markets in many years, and expect elevated attrition to remain a factor across the industry in the coming quarters. Our recruitment and skilling programs, as well as targeted actions to offset margin headwinds stemming from the industry's talent shortage, provide us confidence in our outlook for the year. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Jan, who will cover the details of the quarter and our financial outlook before we take your questions. With that, over to you, Jan.

Thanks, Jan. Hi, Lisa. Look, it's very much top of mind. As you can imagine, voluntary attrition in the quarter was 29%. But on a trailing 12-month basis, which is more how the industry tends to look at it, it was 18%. And we've seen primarily the attrition in the more junior levels of the organization or mid-levels in India, but it's also a global phenomenon. It's really one of the hottest markets we've seen or our team has seen over the last 10-plus years. So we're all dealing with it. As it happens in the last month, we had the results of our annual engagement survey. We're actually very pleased with our results. They're at or above, in many cases, industry benchmarks. I'm really pleased to see the delivery organization, engagement scores are actually above the company average, and they're very much as a total company in the same range as where we've been from 2016 and beyond.  
Last year, we actually had a particularly strong year, as many companies did, because of the pandemic when people were pleased when they had secure jobs or whatnot. So from one perspective, I feel very, very good about it. But in the same vein, of course, I don't feel very good about the attrition. And so that's top of mind, and it's got a lot of management focus.  
I'm pleased that we executed well in the quarter. We exceeded our revenue guidance despite elevated attrition, but my great hope is, over time, we can reduce attrition and yet continue to hire at the pace we have been hiring at, which is something we're very pleased with. The throughput of our recruitment team has been terrific. So what are we doing to reduce attrition and to continue to drive employee engagement is the next obvious question. 
Well, look, annual merit-based increases have been announced here in the last few weeks. They're effective October 1. That's on top of a whole host of ad hoc measures we played through in the course of the last year: out-of-cycle increases, promotion, retention dollars. We've announced a shift in the last few months to quarterly promotion cycles for billable resources. We've really fast-tracked job rotations and reskilling initiatives across the company, then a host of things with Cognizant Academy, which is our training capability, as well as higher education programs for select employees as well. And we've put an enormous effort behind our employee value proposition, celebrating delivery success, big wins, et cetera. So more work to be done, but I'm confident we're doing the right things.  
And as I said, while I'm pleased we executed through at this quarter, the reality is 15% revenue growth this quarter also gives the organization a little bit of energy that, look, growth is coming back and with growth comes good things in terms of career path opportunities, rotations and promotions and whatnot. So I'm sure today's top line story will help a lot of employees feel better, and we'll keep doing all the other things we're doing.

So look, from my perspective, the first thing I would think about our associates and our clients, and you can't be client-centric unless you're associate-centric. And so as we start thinking about this, of course, it gets into how we engage our clients and how we think about the demand signal that will help us facilitate the right resources at the right time. Communication is important in a time like this, setting appropriate expectations regarding resource availability time lines. Entity prioritization, Ashwin, as you can imagine, getting the right resources on our most strategic accounts is very much top of mind and part of our execution rigor we do now on a day in, day out basis.  
Regrettably, we just -- despite growing 15% in the quarter, we're yet unable to meet the full expectations of our own potential and what is out there in the market. So we're working through that as best we can and doing our best, as I said, to minimize attrition, whilst at the same time to maximize employee engagement and to maximize onboarding.  
As I said in my remarks, we'll bring on about 100,000 lateral hires this year alone. We'll train about 100,000 people, and we'll onboard about 30,000 freshers and we'll make offers to 45,000 freshers. Regardless of our attrition rate, we will still go through with those numbers because there is enough market demand for us to get after that opportunity. And that's what we're quite excited about. I think the portfolio is more compelling than ever before, and we've made huge progress in the last year to get after that market opportunity. So we're feeling pretty good about that. But it's a hot market, and I think you've heard that through the earnings cycle. So we're all dealing with the same problem.

Well, I'll deal with that first. Look, we look at net resignations. It went through -- actually, at the end of last quarter, we thought we'd hit an apex and then it went up modestly, but it's -- we're expecting, and it's inherent in our guidance, elevated attritions to remain in the coming quarter, and we'll see what happens thereafter. It's a very -- as you can imagine, a hot market out there, and so it's very difficult to call. I think we're doing the right things to mitigate that. But rest assured, these levels of attrition and slightly beyond our inner guidance. 
With regards to bookings, look, I feel really good about our bookings, to be very honest. It's important to look at bookings not just on a weekly or a quarterly basis, but really on a trailing 12-month basis. And now we have rounded that 1-year period, so we have a good book-to-bill ratio over the last 12 months of 1.2x, which I think is very, very healthy. 
We look at it in terms of geographic. We look at it in terms of business mix. We look at it in terms of new and expansion versus renewals. And it's pretty solid across the board. And the pipeline is solid across the board as well. So I feel good about the market opportunity. Candidly, I don't think demand is the problem for this industry. I think it's a great time to be in services. It's more of a supply constraint at this moment in time. 
With regard to the sales, our commercial teams we brought on board. Look, they're ramping. I don't think we have full productivity. At this stage, we've got a lot of exercises underway to make sure we get true gearing ratios. But in the same vein, I feel as though we've got a client-facing team now that is better able to walk the corridors if and when we get back from COVID, virtually for now, and to cross-sell the entire portfolio. 
And if you think about our installed base, it's a huge asset for us and the opportunity is real. About 4 out of 10, or 40%, of our accounts, we only sell 1 of our practices into those, and we have 10-plus practices. So think about cross-sell as a huge opportunity for us. And of course, the M&A that we have conducted in the last 2 years, which is 100% aligned to our digital strategy, enables that cross-sell more than ever before. And indeed, cross-sell is core to the business case of those acquisitions. 
So we're pretty excited about what we can do there, both in terms of our installed base, which, of course, is a big priority for us. But we also have opportunity through this extended portfolio to get after new logos. And the Qualcomm example I cited in my script is a good example of that, where we're leading with digital. And accordingly, we'll try and cross-sell the nondigital business as well.

Yes. Hey, Rob. So as you know very well, one of our biggest priorities when I joined the company was to accelerate our digital mix. It was 28% or less than 30%, certainly at the end of 2018 for the year. And it's been very much part and parcel of what we're setting out to achieve. It's 44% of our mix today. 
Candidly, a numerator denominator comes into play. We actually had very good success this quarter, driving growth as well in our nondigital business, which has declined in 2019 and 2020. So candidly, that has slowed the digital mix ramping further, the share growth of nondigital this quarter. 
But overall, the digital business will continue to grow. I'd like to think as we get to the latter part of this year, we'll be up closer to 50%, and it will start becoming a bigger portion of our overall business over time. That's important for us because: a, it helps us be exposed to higher growth categories; but b, it increases our intimacy with the broader C-suite in our installed base of accounts, and that enables us to sell beyond the CTO organization into the CMO into the line of service leader, et cetera. 
Of the accounts that we have added in the first half of this year versus the first half of last year, the vast majority of the bookings exactly in what we would term digital. So Rod, that mix shift to digital will continue, and I'm pretty optimistic that we'll continue to see a nice ramp there. That is not just good for revenue or client intimacy, it's actually also very good for our margin rate as a company as well. So we feel as though we're doing the right things. Our M&A strategy is 100% behind this, and it puts us in a position to actually get after our installed base to cross-sell and upsell and actually get new logos and really become a challenger in the digital arena.

And Rod, I meant to -- you explicitly asked around the pipeline. Look, the digital pipeline has grown at multiples of the nondigital pipeline. And actually, our win rates in digital are higher than our win rates in nondigital. So there's a lot of good leading indicators.

Jan?

So our product business in Healthcare, Tien-Tsin, is something that we inherited through the TriZetto acquisition at the end of 2014. To be very honest, I think we didn't execute the integration of that optimally. And in the last few years, we've really tried to get after that opportunity because I think it's a crown jewel that I felt we could do a better job on. 
And so starting with that, we got off to the road map that we had, tried to understand, solicit customer feedback to make sure we had something that in the eyes of clients was in line with their needs that the user interface and the code was appropriate and fit for purpose. And in the meantime, we had some competitors that had emerged that frankly, I didn't think had the right to beat us given our heritage in this space. Fortunately, now, we've had 3 quarters in a row of double-digit growth in the product business. 
And as I said, our growth in 2020 versus 2019 doubled, and we're on track to double growth rate year-over-year again and we're getting some fantastic logos. And this is a great business in itself. It's software-centric, higher margins. But of course, the stickiness of that enables us to pull through a rich services suite thereafter. So the team has done a fantastic job. I view it as highly strategic for us, and we're 100% committed to that business, and you'll see us scale in that over time.

If you think about the lateral hires, it's really with a view to doing 2 things. One is addressing the attrition that we have and also getting after the market potential that we see. And so you go back to where is attrition greatest, it's at the mid-junior levels of the pyramid, particularly in India. But it's also in hot skills. And if you think about hot skills, think about hyperscalers, think about leading SaaS players, think about digital engineering, full stack engineers or across data, AI and ML. 
And so you find yourself in a situation where you've got a demand-supply imbalance, and that's an area as well where we're also going after lateral skills and trying to get them in as quickly as we can, whilst also trying to train and promote our internal employees as well. So it's a race for talent in a red hot market. And I anticipate, given how bullish I am in the market, and my sense is we'll have a resilient services, the main feature for the foreseeable future, I anticipate elevated attrition across the industry.

Look, from my perspective, 5G is still in its very early days, both in terms of asset -- handset proliferation and the use cases that probably, given the need for latency security and other considerations, will be more B2B or B2B2B rather than B2C. I don't think B2C is a huge inflection point for the telco industry, albeit many people will talk about it to justify CapEx outlays. 
With regards to our CMT industry vertical, it has not been a major driver of the business to date. We're very intrigued around autonomous driving. As Jan said, we acquired ESG Mobility in Germany. We've got a big emphasis on the automotive vertical and indeed on the CMT vertical, but 5G has not been a massive factor to date. I think IoT will be unlocked by the benefits of 5G and different cellular technologies, but it's premature at this stage.

Hey, James, this is Brian, I'll address that. Look, the digital arena more holistically for us, it goes well beyond the 4 digital battlegrounds that I focused on when we joined, which were notably around cloud, around digital engineering, around applications and IoT and data and analytics, rather. 
The -- if you think about other areas that are not included in those so-called battlegrounds, things like digital experience continue to grow rapidly for us, and I'm very optimistic that, that becomes a core part of the sale, the whole user experience as you think about digital workflows. So it's broad-based. Digital engineering is something we prioritize. It's growing rapidly. As I said, it's one of our biggest growth potential units in the years ahead. Something that has scaled meaningfully in the last 2 years, and we're now one of the largest digital engineering companies in the world. 
We've complemented our capabilities with the acquisition of Softvision in 2018, and then in more recent years, Magenic and Tin Roof. I just feel very good about our potential there, but more broadly, there's just a lot of demand in this arena, and I just feel good about our potential because we're scaling, it's still a smaller portion of our mix. The more we scale, the higher company average CAGR. And as Jan has implied, it's good for our margin rate as well. So we're full speed ahead after the digital opportunity.

Thank you.