Thank you, Tyler. Good afternoon, everybody. 
Throughout 2021, clients have meaningfully accelerated spend on digital transformation initiatives, accelerating the demand for IT services. Elevated attrition in key digital skills is, however, a direct consequence of this, creating revenue fulfillment challenges and cost pressure that need to be carefully navigated. I'm therefore pleased that we had another quarter of solid execution, delivering against our commitments to clients and to you, our shareholders. 
Fourth quarter revenue was $4.8 billion, up 14.5% year-over-year in constant currency, above the high end of our guidance. Growth was led by digital, which grew 20% year-over-year. Fourth quarter adjusted operating margin was 15.3%, and full year adjusted operating margin was 15.4%, in line with our guidance. During the quarter, we also progressed against our key strategic initiatives, including scaling our digital capabilities, globalizing the company, helping our clients be successful by leading with greater industry insights and solutions and repositioning the Cognizant brand. 
Turning now to industry segments. Our recovery in Financial Services continued with fourth quarter growth of 19% year-over-year in constant currency. This includes an approximate 9 percentage point benefit from the impact of the prior year charge related to Samlink. As you know, we've been rebuilding our strength in Financial Services by refreshing our leadership in client-facing teams, strengthening our partner engagement, shifting our portfolio of services to more attractive market segments and sharpening our focus on priority industry solutions and clients. We expect to build further on this progress in 2022. 
As we reposition Cognizant as a digital transformation provider in larger banking clients, we've complemented this with sustained momentum in regional banks. KeyBank, where we've just renewed our engagement as their primary digital partner, is a great example of this. We will further enable their digital transformation by digitizing their products to increase their digitally active customers to approximately 85%, by driving remote self-service growth by more than 40%, by automating front-to-back processes and by migrating more than half of their application portfolio to the cloud. 
In insurance, we see continued demand for core modernization and digital transformation, including cloud and analytics. Unum, a global leader in disability insurance and group benefits, is partnering with us to pursue their digital transformation focus on agent and customer experiences and associated analytics. These digital solutions enhance our existing application development and maintenance services relationship with Unum. And for a long-time client, Royal London, the U.K.'s largest mutual life pensions and investment firm, we're now extending our partnership to reimagine their customer engagement through personalized, seamless, connected customer journeys enabled by cloud, data and customer-centric principles. 
In Healthcare, revenue grew 8.2% year-over-year in constant currency. We've substantially increased our competitiveness in Healthcare by investing in digital solutions, domain expertise and partnerships and by modernizing our core platforms. We've seen continuing momentum in our TriZetto product business, which grew 13% in 2021. We continue to add new footprints and, in 2021, increased the number of overall members supported by our platforms to approximately 210 million. 
We see solid commercial momentum across our Healthcare payer and provider business. For instance, Humana, a large national payer, is modernizing and moving their legacy ecosystem to the cloud and has chosen Cognizant as a partner for agency, marketing and clinical transformation. These initiatives will help improve Humana's customer and employee satisfaction, reduce costs and enhance the delivery of integrated personalized experiences to their members. 
We also have momentum with next-generation health care companies like Reliq Health Technologies, a rapidly growing global telemedicine firm, which turned to us to expand their care management capabilities. Reliq will leverage Cognizant care management services to support the deployment of their care platform across managed care organizations, hospital networks and health insurance providers. 
In life sciences, we partnered with AbbVie, a leading global biopharma company, to help advance their digital transformation in safety and risk management, which will improve patient care and outcomes. Through our digital health consulting services augmented by capabilities in human-centric design and digital product engineering, AbbVie can understand the needs of patients and care providers, design fit-for-purpose solutions that support the patient journey and incorporate feedback for ongoing innovation. These improvements will help AbbVie better support patients and care providers across a broad range of therapeutic areas and products. 
Within Products and Resources, we continue to deliver excellent growth in client success across travel and hospitality and in manufacturing, logistics, energy and utilities. Drawing on our extensive experience helping automakers streamline their operational tasks, Volvo Cars chose us to help harmonize their finance and accounting and procurement processes and implement intelligent process automation to support their digital transformation. This is a great example of our growing momentum in digital business operations which significantly outpaced the BPO industry in 2021 and is set to continue to gain share. Top line growth has been fueled by momentum in intelligent process automation and strength in our digital-native client portfolio. 
Our work at Grundfos, a global leader in water technology and the world's largest pump manufacturer, perfectly illustrates our growing digital credentials. Grundfos initially selected Cognizant to establish an IoT-based intelligent platform to gather real-time pump data from the sensors and perform analytics to prevent, predict and respond to issues caused by leakages. Based on this success, we've since been selected to build a modern enterprise system based on SAP S/4HANA. 
Finally, in Communications, Media and Technology, we saw continued strength in technology, in particular, where we've sustained strong double-digit growth over the past 3 quarters. 
Turning now to bookings, which grew 22% year-over-year in the fourth quarter, our second consecutive quarter of 20%-plus growth. Full year 2021 bookings growth was in the mid-teens. We entered 2022 with a healthy book-to-bill ratio of 1.2. Throughout the year, our bookings strength, which has been fueled by digital, has been broad-based across industries and geographies. 
Moving to the macro demand environment. Industry demand remains robust and I expect it to continue throughout 2022. Clients are embracing digital operating models to become more efficient, agile, automated, scalable, innovative and, indeed, secure whilst also responding to the expectations of their customers and employees for hyper-personalized experiences. 
Continuing to scale our digital capabilities is at the heart of our company strategy. Digital represented 45% of our revenue mix in Q4. As we noted during our recent investor briefing, we believe digital can become 55% to 60% of revenue in the coming years. Reflecting our strength in digital credentials, during the fourth quarter, we were named an industry leader in 17 new industry analyst reports. They highlighted the company's client partnerships, scalability, digital capabilities and expertise as factors in recognizing our leadership. 
Accelerating digital is not only a driver of double-digit revenue growth and improved margins, it also fosters greater client intimacy and higher levels of employee engagement as we partner on strategic transformation projects that leverage advanced skills. 
Moving on now to an industry phenomenon you're accustomed to hearing about, the unprecedented competition for talent, reflective of the industry-wide demand/supply imbalance in key digital skills. Fourth quarter voluntary attrition moderated a little to 31% on an annualized basis or 28% on a trailing 12-month basis. As a reminder, when we measure attrition, we count the entire company, including trainees and corporate across IT services and BPO. We've been working aggressively to mitigate attrition levels whilst intensifying our efforts and focus on employee training, promotion cycles, professional development and total rewards. 
During 2021, we also facilitated more than 14,000 job moves across 40 countries, continued to revitalize our campus recruitment program in India, established new compensation measures and a revised promotion cycle to retain employees and invested heavily in upskilling. In fact, our associates completed 23 million hours of learning and consumed 130,000 courses in 2021. Given that we compete on our knowledge and skills, we're proud to have won 42 awards for excellence in learning and development from the Brandon Hall Group, often considered the leading independent HCM research analyst firm. 
We more than offset elevated attrition levels in 2021 by accelerating our hiring, allowing us to increase company headcount by 14%. I'm pleased to say that in recent years, we've made meaningful progress in correcting our delivery pyramid by significantly increasing the number of college graduate hires onboarded in India. In 2021, we added a record 33,000 college graduate hires in India, up from 17,000 in 2020. In 2022, we plan to add approximately 50,000 in India. 
Digital acquisitions have also brought incredible talent to Cognizant. During 2021, we completed 7 acquisitions that extend our digital leadership, the most recent being our fourth quarter acquisition of Devbridge. This software consultancy and product development firm expands our software product engineering capabilities and global delivery footprint by adding more than 600 engineers, designers and product managers in Lithuania, Poland, the U.K. and North America. This extension of our global delivery network complements recent announcements in the United Kingdom, Australia and, indeed, Canada. 
In closing, I'm proud of our execution against our strategy in 2021. We've reestablished commercial momentum and have a healthy book-to-bill ratio. Our delivery teams executed against our commitments despite challenging labor market conditions. Our performance in our 2 largest industries, Financial Services and Healthcare, has strengthened. Growth in key international markets such as the U.K. has meaningfully accelerated. Our digital portfolio has been extended and has never been stronger, and we've made significant progress in our people strategy, our internal digitization agenda and indeed, our brand repositioning. 
For several quarters now, I've been holding our long open-ended virtual sessions with small groups of employees. What I've learned from these intimate sessions as well as from our large virtual townhall meetings is that employee pride in the company is building. Employees see not only how far we've come but also a clear path to an exciting future. Our employees also recognize the consistent execution of our strategy, our commercial momentum and a commitment to our purpose, vision and values. This purpose has kept us focused on executing our ESG agenda despite the spread of prolonged COVID-19 pandemic. 
Our ESG-focused commitment is evident in our Cognizant Combats COVID-19 initiative in India; in our intensified efforts to drive a culture of belonging throughout Cognizant; in our $250 million philanthropic initiative to advance diversity, equity and inclusion, along with health and well-being in communities around the world and in many other areas covered in our 2021 ESG report. 
In summary, our broad-based progress allows us to approach the new fiscal year with confidence in our ability to execute against the multiyear financial outlook we presented at our November investor briefing. 
So with that, I'll turn the call over to Jan, who will cover the details of the quarter and our financial outlook before we take your questions.

Yes, what I'd add there is we're in a robust demand environment. That's not a concern for me. I'm expecting that to continue in the coming year and there's lots of tech trends that will support that statement undoubtedly. But we're certainly in, in my perspective, an unprecedented competition for talent. We've seen a slight moderation sequentially on an annualized basis. January has been in line with that. But to be very honest, it's too early to call this a trend for the year. There is natural seasonality one expects to see in the course of the year coming up to bonus periods, et cetera. 
So as Jan pointed out, we're expecting elevated attrition through the course of the year, and obviously, we're going to work very hard to try to mitigate that and try and minimize the impact on the business. The implications of attrition in a quarter across financial, commercial implications as well as employee implications, and the levers we're using against that is naturally to try and recruit as many people as we can. I'm delighted we've been able to recruit 40 -- to add a net 41,000 headcount year-over-year. And compliments to our team because I think it is a core competency of Cognizant in this regard. 
But what we're doing in terms of employees, as Jan pointed out, as I did, too, in my script, a lot of efforts around hearts and minds. There's a lot of effort around compensation measures, which of course, is pretty critical. I think it's essential for us to continue to show up and post strong double-digit growth, which is helping get a degree of confidence and swagger and optimism back into the company and just continue to support our employees by celebrating success and giving them career path potential, which, of course, growth does. And on top of that, we've revised the way we think about promotion cycles and other such things in the course of the year. 
So it's been a very hands-on engagement for me down through the entire leadership team. In the last 6, 9 months, we spotted this early. We've added more recruiters, and we've really put a lot of effort in place around a retention task force. But be that as it may, as you've seen with many of our peers, attrition is elevated and we assume will stay elevated through the course of the year.

Lisa, it's Brian, so let me address that. To be very honest, I'm not at all concerned about that. The majority of our attrition is at the junior levels and certain-odd skills. And I would say at the senior levels of the organization at this moment in time, we're very much what I would term business as usual. Promotions, some refreshing of talent, if deemed necessary, based on financial results and other leadership attributes, what is essentially normal in a company of our size, some retirements, et cetera. 
So sometimes we intervene based on performance but this is more classic business as usual operations at this stage. We feel very good about the motivation of the team collectively. "We're all in this together" is certainly [ a piece forward ] as we say internally, and I feel that we're all on the same page. The leaders I brought in have certainly refreshed their teams, strengthened their teams. 
I will tell you right now, I feel I have better instrumentation in terms of how to run the company than at any time since I've been here in terms of the analytical rigor that Jan and his team has put in place. The HR team have done some tremendous work in terms of where we stand there, et cetera. So we just feel -- or I certainly feel a lot more comfortable that we're on top of our game and we know how things are going. So not a concern.

Yes. Look, I mean, I think to be very honest, clients are well past, by now, the initial spend hesitancy of COVID for a CEO or for anybody in a sales organization. It certainly -- the enemy is indecision. And we don't have indecision. Far from it these days. People have really moved well beyond where we were approximately 2 years ago at this stage. And people are extremely focused, of course, on driving digital transformation agendas, evolving their business models, which is good for us because our portfolio is stronger than it's ever been before, and it allows us to work on a high-impact work for clients as are really driving some of the big innovation journeys that they have. 
Now of course, that leads to discussions around AI and analytics, consumer-centric, if you will, user experiences built on enterprise-class applications, obviously, cybersecurity, digital engineering, cloud migrations. And throughout the world, as I deal with clients, it's always surprising to see how different clients are in terms of where they are on client migrations. 
I think the one thing that continues to go from strength to strength is, of course, the growing scale of hyperscaler cloud providers. They are, from my perspective, certainly shortening innovation cycles, throwing a lot of commercial muscle and financial muscle to accommodate or ensure accelerated cloud migrations. And of course, in more recent times, they really evolved towards industry clouds, not just the hyperscalers, but also the major SaaS vendors, which allow more integrated vertical workflows. And Cognizant strength, therefore, in areas like Healthcare and Financial Services is of interest to them. 
But it's very consistent with what we've seen before, Lisa, to be very honest, a huge push towards classic modernization initiatives, towards data, analytics, cloud, digital engineering. And really, what I find, clients are certainly willing to spend for skills and innovation but certainly expect more efficiencies and a more traditional non-digital work. And we see that in our pricing dynamics, and I certainly see that in terms of client strategic intentions in the years ahead.

I'll start. Jan, by all means, jump in at any stage. 
So Darrin, first of all, pricing remains somewhat stable. And as I've just mentioned to Lisa, based on her question, we see differences between the digital work and the non-digital side. Clients will pay up for skills and innovation and, frankly, availability for resources in digital. Of course, that happens to be in an industry where people tend to have MSAs and rate cards that have been agreed in advance. So it requires us to interrupt those rate cards. But certainly, clients see in their own workforce as well as other vendors a desire for companies like Cognizant to ultimately drive some pricing power, given the labor trends that we see. But of course, price increases can and have lagged talent-related cost increases. 
We put a lot of effort around pricing, both rate card, intelligence, big deal, pricing, and it is certainly one of the factors that's inherent in our guidance for the coming year. And as I've said earlier as well, the fact that we have scaled our digital portfolio to approximately 45% of the business pits us into more strategic client projects, pits us against different competitors and then arguably provides us with a pricing opportunity as long as we get the gross margin right on digital skills versus the classic non-digital skills. 
The last thing I'll say just around pricing, of course, because it's inherent in your question, it's a margin question, and our margins can also naturally be helped by the type of work we sell solution and deliver. So we continue to focus on evolving the company towards selling and delivering client outcomes. That allows us to own more of our pyramid, to industrialize delivery, to better leverage automation and optimize our mix as well as our pyramid. 
Specific to your other question around decoupling of, I guess, the Holy Grail in a services company, to decouple revenue growth from headcount growth. Look, there are many factors at play there as well, including the shift to more offshore delivery. In the course of the last year, our offshore delivery has increased for us about 2 points year-over-year, about 1 point sequentially. And that can help margin, but of course, it can hurt you in terms of headcount growth versus revenue growth or the so-called average rate per employee, and it can also change dollar margins as well as dollar revenue per employee. 
So there are multiple things at play here. We are a services company. We're committed to being a services company. We'll certainly try to optimize and industrialize delivery where we can, leveraging automation, templatization, AI, et cetera. But at the end of the day, we are in the headcount business. And as we scale our headcount, we'll scale our revenue and you guys are more than familiar with that model.

Yes. Look, it's certainly our ambition to accelerate Healthcare growth. In the November Analyst Meeting, we talked about market growth. But of course, within our Healthcare business, we have the U.S. health care vertical, which is payer/provider, the payer being the vast majority and then a product business, of course, coupled within that. And then the less than 50% of our Healthcare business is our life sciences business, which continues to grow double digits. 
I feel really great about that, both the nature of our capabilities, the nature of our client intimacy, the global nature of those clients. And our bookings momentum in life sciences through the course of the year has been, frankly, outstanding and was very strong in Q4 as well. So candidly, as we're getting after the life sciences opportunity, it's all about continuing to scale biopharma. And then in this year, we've accelerated a little bit on medical device momentum there as well. We've also seen us keep -- do some targeted acquisitions in the life sciences vertical in the last few years, including Zenith as well as TQS more recently. 
In the U.S. Healthcare business, a lot of it is about getting the TriZetto business back on track. I think I mentioned in the November briefing our growth rate in 2020 was twice that of 2019. And we've approximately doubled growth rate again in 2021 over 2020. And that's good in terms of client intimacy and relevance, in terms of margins and the pull-through opportunity or the stickiness of Cognizant in those accounts. So getting payer and provider back into a higher growth trajectory but making sure that the product-driven side of that scales as well is pretty essential to us. 
And I've got to be honest, I'm very motivated about where we are with TriZetto. I think it's a fantastic gem within the company. Now that we got growth back, we continue to explore possibilities in terms of where we can scale a health care franchise, both in terms of the market within the U.S., in terms of different applications within the ecosystem or different control points as well as exploring how we can scale our Healthcare business into Canada and indeed into select international markets. I think if we do all of that right, we will drive market growth, if not more than market growth, and that's what the team is focused on.

Look, from my perspective, we've been working on recovering in Financial Services for quite a time. There's been a pace of recovery candidly through the course of the year, but the 10% constant currency growth, if I exclude the 9 points benefit we got from the year-over-year compare from the accounting charge in Q4 last year's results is probably the highest level of constant currency growth we've had in quite a few years. 
And this has ultimately been on the back of a series of things we've been doing, sharpening our focus on our top clients, refreshing some of the commercial team as well as, by the way, some of the leadership team, both in delivery as well as in the business. And back to a question I had earlier, that's part and parcel of running a world-class company. Sometimes, you have to refresh leaders if you're not getting the results you want. 
We've added a lot of talent with a focus on executive engagement at a client-facing level while the collaboration with the hyperscalers committed to their industry cloud or financial cloud and, of course, a partner ecosystem. And all of that has now started to bear fruit. I'm cautiously optimistic around our growing competitiveness there. We are leading more with digital. We're leading more with what I would call less interviews or staff augmentation-type work. We're getting better margins for that. And I think our competitiveness will continue to increase in the course of the year. 
Of course, with the decision that we took last year, which was closed ultimately yesterday, I believe, around the Samlink sale, we have a compare sequentially and year-over-year in the first quarter and beyond, which will have an anomaly that we can talk to in subsequent calls. But generally, I feel that the team have done great work. We expect continued improvements in 2022. 
Will be a paced recovery. I'm not suggesting we're back to our full strength yet. But we're working both well across the regional banks, but I'm also optimistic around the progress that the refreshed leadership team are making with some of the larger global banks. And if we're able to crack some of those, of course, that will show up in the numbers as well. So generally, I feel as though we're on the right track and the team have worked hard and deserve growing momentum in the business.

Yes. Look, we have obviously embraced automation. We've taken out double-digit thousands of people from our fixed price contracts in the last few years, so we continue to automate our agenda. I will say, the other thing you've seen is our digital mix hasn't scaled as much as we assumed previously because we've been quite successful in the non-digital part of our portfolio, arguably more successful than others scaling that and mitigating the downside. 
So it's a street combat every single time you're coming up for renewal. You want to be clever as well in some of the classic areas to make sure you try and upsell to modernization or beyond and try to get a renewal plus an expansion. But I feel as though we have handled ourselves well in that regard, and we have a lot of effort underway, as I said earlier, to try to continue to evolve the company to an area where we are better able to industrialize delivery, which will help ultimately our margins, and indeed, the quality of our delivery. So I feel pretty good about where we are in that regard. 
Our biggest focus naturally is to scale digital while we protect the nondigital business and mitigate the downside. And for the guidance we gave in November, we assume that will grow low to mid-single digits. Our real focus as a company, and that's core to our strategy, is our momentum in digital, which is growing 20%, plus or minus.

Yes. So look, this is something I'm particularly passionate about. Cognizant's brand internationally, certainly, wasn't known as much as in key industries in North America and naturally in our offshore areas so we put a coordinated effort in place to reposition the brand. We've refreshed a lot of our country leaders across Europe and the Middle East, and I think we're seeing the fruits of that labor right now. 
You saw a 28% growth in the U.K. this quarter. Our U.K. momentum has been building through the course of the year. It's nicely profitable for us as well in terms of relative profitability vis-a-vis other European countries. And we also have a lot of momentum in areas like Australia and New Zealand. So the seniority and the capability of the team we've built allows us to have confidence to deploy M&A to support their growth ambitions as well. That's what we did in Australia and that's what we're doing in Germany. You've seen the ESG acquisition we did in the last year. 
So generally, I feel very optimistic about our potential there. It is a year where we had strong bookings. We have to just continue to build on that in the years ahead, but I'm -- ultimately, if we're here 3, 4 years from now, looking back, I'd like to think this will have been a really big success story for us. 
Now it's not only about capturing the revenue opportunity. That revenue opportunity which will be fueled more with digital-type work more than historical levels also requires more local and a global delivery network. And that's also an area where I'm pleased to see the momentum we've had. We announced most recently the build-out in Canada and Nova Scotia. But in the last few months, we announced thousands of extra roles across Adelaide in Australia as well as the U.K. in northern England and Northern Ireland. 
So we're doing what is needed in terms of partnership, talent, delivery capabilities to get after the market opportunity internationally. And the fruits is very visible in our second-largest country, the U.K., which grew 28% this quarter.

We've been investing behind our recruitment engine in the course of the last 6, 9 months. As we've spotted attrition to be a likely industry problem, we got out in front of perhaps others and we moved fast. And you've seen a net headcount expansion of 41,000 year-over-year since Q4 prior year period and another 12,000 sequentially. Of course, within a given year, subject to when we bring in our college graduates and onboard them, you'll see different peaks country by country. 
But I'm more than confident that we have an engine that is a core competency. The team have done an outstanding job for us. We have processes, tools, capabilities in place. Our brand standing is stronger increasingly not just in India but overseas. And some of the brand work we've done, both externally as well as our internal branding has given us more and more confidence that we have brand ambassadors in the company to make that happen. So we are absolutely in the mode of accelerating headcount as best we can. 
The lower we can keep attrition, of course, is the most productive way to do that. And in the meantime, as Jan pointed out, we've done the heavy lifting. We've made significant progress around the delivery pyramid, this year, 33,000, up from 17,000 in the prior year period. And next year, we're assuming 50,000. And if needed, we'll try and scale beyond that. 
So for me, it's about retention and it's about recruitment and getting the balance right between those. But I'm certainly bullish on the industry, bullish on our position within the industry, and I'd like to have more headcount in Cognizant. So if you know people, send them our way.