Thank you, Tyler. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks to our talented employees, we delivered on our first quarter commitments in what continues to be an intensely competitive global labor market. First quarter revenue was $4.8 billion, up 10.9% year-over-year in constant currency, above the midpoint of our first quarter guidance of 10.2% to 11.2% growth. Growth was led by digital, which grew 20% year-over-year and now represents 50% of our revenue. We had another exceptional quarter in digital business operations, which continues to meaningfully outgrow the BPO market reflecting momentum in intelligent process automation and digital-native clients.
First quarter operating margin was 15%, down slightly sequentially as expected, reflecting seasonality. First quarter bookings growth of 4% was in line with our expectations following exceptional bookings growth in the fourth quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, we have a robust book-to-bill ratio of greater than 1.2x revenue reflecting bookings of over $23 billion. Given a healthy pipeline, we anticipate bookings growth acceleration in the second quarter and for the full year.
Over the last 3 months, I've met employees, partners and clients across 4 continents. While the global economic environment is uncertain, based on these interactions, I remain optimistic about IT services industry demand for the foreseeable future. Clients are making the shift to digital operating models to become more agile, automated and innovative. They know that it is the only way to deliver customer-centric user experience and hyper personalization, to simplify complex workflows and to build a modern operating infrastructure that's scalable and resilient.
Our strategic repositioning enables us to engage more deeply with clients, helping them to succeed and supports our growth trajectory. Our capabilities are in strong demand as digital becomes mainstream. Ultimately, I believe that our scale in India, complemented by our growing global delivery network will differentiate us as clients seek talent and business stability.
Meanwhile, the labor market continues to be challenging with industry-wide elevated attrition, demand supply imbalances and inflationary pressure. I'd like to thank our teams across the globe for their leadership, patience and engagement as we navigate these challenges and execute against our client commitments.
Today, more than ever, employees demand that we invest not just in total rewards, including compensation, but also in the end-to-end employee experience, their skilling and career advancement. Cognizant has always been known for our investment in our people. And in the last year, we built in this legacy with accelerated skilling and enhancements to our promotion framework.
First quarter voluntary attrition fell 5 points to 26% on an annualized basis or 29% on a trailing 12-month basis. While we made sequential progress reducing voluntary attrition for the second consecutive quarter, we anticipate attrition will remain elevated for the full year and will increase in the second quarter, reflecting seasonality. To mitigate labor cost increases and the investments we are making in our people, we continue to execute against a series of measures including our automation agenda, pyramid and shoring optimization and a deep pricing.
Turning to the industry segments. In Financial Services, our ongoing recovery continued with growth of 6% year-over-year in constant currency reflecting the sale of our Samlink subsidiary in February, continue to make progress repositioning the business towards higher growth and higher value services and solutions with a more focused client set. We expect to pace recovery in banking and insurance to continue with strong demand for digital transformation.
One client whose digital transformation journey we've been supporting is ABN AMRO Clearing Bank. We are transforming the bank's IT landscape into a hybrid cloud platform with a focus on security and regulatory compliance. We'll be implementing an end-to-end secure, scalable and compliant infrastructure as a service model in support of the bank's IT modernization agenda.
In Healthcare, revenue grew 9% year-over-year in constant currency, with particularly strong growth in life sciences. Our investments to modernize the TriZetto product portfolio, which includes the integration of AI and machine learning capabilities continued to pay off. Our clients are responding to our commitment to deliver next-generation platform solutions that help them offer patients real-time insights and personalized care. 
We're keeping our products cutting edge, building new solutions across the value chain and capitalizing on the opportunity at the intersection of health and digital in areas such as virtual care and telehealth. During the first quarter, we announced our collaboration with Microsoft to deliver a new digital health solution designed to improve medical care. Leveraging Microsoft Cloud for Healthcare, our new solution is the first of several planned offerings that combine remote patient monitoring and virtual health using products like smart watches, blood pressure monitors and glucose meters to collect and communicate patient health data to providers.
Wellmark, Blue Cross and Blue Shield, a leading health insurer with more than 2 million members is a great example of how we're partnering with AWS to drive digital transformation. Wellmark aims to improve the experience of their stakeholders by accelerating cloud migration and data modernization, all while strengthening their information security.
In Products and Resources, we continue to see excellent growth in client success across travel and hospitality and in manufacturing, logistics, energy and utilities. Automation is top of mind for clients like Pacific Gas and Electric, which sought our help to realize their vision for a new digital productivity center of excellence that aims to reduce manual efforts, simplify their automation tools and provide agile and scalable solutions for their business and IT users. To that end, our IPA team helped deploy Microsoft Power Platform and simplified our tool sets with Cognizant Neuro, our recently announced intelligent automation fabric. PG&E is now well on its way to saving 1 million hours of work through low code, no code automation.
Finally, in Communications, Media and Technology, we saw continued strength in technology, where we've sustained double-digit growth over the last 4 quarters. I'd like to briefly switch gears now to the future of work, a universal topic amongst the C-Suite with enduring societal implications. Organizations around the world are deliberating how to best attract, engage and retain employees. The events of the past few years have prompted people worldwide to question their life and work choices, including how and where they work. In the meantime, executive teams are determining how to best nurture company culture and values in the face of today's labor market realities and a hybrid work environment. These socioeconomic questions also intersect with business practicalities such as real estate strategy, one of the many things we are currently reviewing.
One of the prominent business themes of our time is the relationship between purpose and work. Purpose encompasses all the values that drive people's choices, actions and attitudes from wider social and environmental goals to professional and personal objectives such as a healthy work-life balance. That's one reason we put so much time, thought and energy into developing and activating a compelling purpose, vision and set of values for our company, which express our commitment to making a positive impact on the environment and the wider society.
We continue to advance our ESG agenda, applying our knowledge, portfolio and partnerships to engineer new levels of environmental and social benefits for our company, clients and communities. In April, we announced that we will source 100% renewable energy for all our global offices and facilities by the end of 2026. Sourcing 100% renewable energy supports our goal, and as last year, to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2030 and responds to client expectations that business transition to a low-carbon economy.
We also want our employees, clients, partners and other stakeholders to better understand today's Cognizant, which is why during the first quarter, we modernized and reintroduced our brand to mirror the company we've become, the services leader with world-class digital solutions and talent. Our brand now carries the tagline, Intuition engineered. This is our promise to engineer clients' businesses so they can anticipate and meet their customers' needs with the insight and speed of intuition.
As a global company, we will always stand with the right of people to choose a path of self-determination and democracy. Wave humanitarian relief efforts for Ukraine, Cognizant contributed $1 million in grants to several organizations that are delivering food, water, shelter, health care and economic assistance. We joined the international community in hoping that a path to lasting peace can be found soon.
In closing, I believe we were strategically well positioned to capture a large growing addressable market and drive profitable revenue growth. A month ago, I marked my third year anniversary leading Cognizant. While we are a company in transition, our evolution has been significant across multiple dimensions. We're putting the company on a strong growth trajectory, and I'm optimistic about Cognizant's prospects as we bolster our portfolio judiciously, to not only build and run clients' technology foundations but also transform their enterprises into modern businesses.
And with that, I'll turn the call over to Jan, who will cover the details of the quarter and our financial outlook before we take your questions. Jan, over to you.

Tien-Tsin, it's Brian here. So look, all in all, we actually had an exceptional Q3, Q4 in bookings, if you remember, both quarters were up in excess of 20% year-over-year. And so some of that, there's natural behavior in a commercial team to pull in bookings in the latter part of the year to maximize their variable compensation. So the compares what the compare is. But I feel very good about where we are, a book-to-bill of 1.2, the book-to-bill in the quarter is fine too and generally good momentum behind digital bookings as well. So our pipeline plus the book-to-bill ratio, which is very healthy at this moment in time, give me confidence that we continue to do the right thing.
On the contrary, we don't really have what I would view a demand issue as an industry that is faced with elevated attrition. The trick is always to optimize how much you want to sell, otherwise, you end up frustrating clients if you can't deliver against it. So it's more a demand, supply and balanced labor cost and attrition dilemma than a top line dilemma at this moment in time.
Now in the same vein, I'll be the first to say that the economic backdrop is uncertain. And therefore, we continue to monitor, as you do on a daily and weekly basis the war in Europe, the inflation or the risk of stagflation, to broader economic sentiment, of course, and how this may impact not just us, but our clients and therefore, indirectly us. But at this moment in time, despite an uncertain economic backdrop, I'm certainly optimistic about the IT services demand picture for the foreseeable future and our role within that.

I would say, Jan and I are quite judicious when it comes to M&A, quite disciplined, very intentional, and we tend to step out of certain deals if they don't make economic sense. We're here to represent shareholders. Of course, we're custodians of the company. And in some cases, it's been us stepping out. In some cases, there are deals that we weren't able to get done or we weren't able to get the counterparty to engage. There's no fundamental change to our philosophy with regards to M&A. We continue to view that as a core element of our capital allocation framework, certainly a core element of us executing against our strategy. And where we do M&A, we'll be in tune with our digital aspirations, key vertical aspirations, geographic expansion and of course, our desire to be a little bit more advisory led.
In certain deals, you hit multiple birds with the one stone. You can have an international deal that is aligned to a digital priority that is aligned to a key industry. And so it's more of the same going forward. It can be choppy. Sometimes you get more higher return average, but we feel pretty good about our strategy and how M&A will play a role within that.

Yes. Lisa. Look, the team has done an extraordinary job, I would say not just in this quarter or recent quarters, but in the last few years, we exited. As you know, content moderation that has been a large driver of growth in that business, and we executed it seamlessly, we repivoted the company more towards certain categories, notably around intelligent process automation. Ultimately contextualized to industry-specific use cases as well as a very strong focus on the digital-native clients. But not just has that been a success story in its own right, we're also, Lisa, in every 1 of our 4 externally reportable segments, growing our BPO business in strong double digits. So it's broad-based, not just along the lines of digital natives. Margins have been improving, and we're obviously now using this to try to get pull through to the, let's say, tech services portion of the company.
The -- if you think about our BPO business, I mean fundamentally, it's historically been about 80% aligned to verticalized plays. We continue to strengthen our hand in that regard, but we're also looking in other growth postures, including F&A and CRM and doing that in conjunction with partners and starting to see a pipeline behind that as well. So we have, I would say, very strong client references, a lot of swagger in that group that are consistently beating their forecasts and budgets. And that swagger correlates to broad-based momentum across geographies and indeed across all 4 verticals.

Yes. Ashwin, look, generally, we don't really have any exposures to Ukraine or Russia, no significant operations there whatsoever. And I would say, at this moment in time, we've seen no material impact of the conflict on client demand either. Of course, we'll continue to monitor that situation. One, we have had clients come our way. I mean we're clearly aware of our digital engineering strength and our ambition to scale further there. I actually think if I stand back from the here and now, I believe that the implications will be lasting and that our scale in India, which we're actually tying into our digital studios around the rest of the world, which are very much part of our digital and global delivery network. They'll ultimately help us distinguish ourself and ultimately, as clients are assessing their vendors and strategic partners and in particular, as digital becomes mainstream, I suspect that scaled players like Cognizant will stand to win in the long term. And India will continue to be an asset for us.
And if you just think about the last few years in the COVID period, there's been a number of point mix shift to offshore, notwithstanding the industry scaling towards digital. And I think that will stand Cognizant in good stead given the tremendous strength and talent we have across India.

Yes. I'll start and Jan will jump in if needed. Ashwin, I think, first of all, pricing is extremely topical at this moment time, given the services companies are knowledge-based organizations and therefore, our supply chain for want of better word is our talent. And as costs of our people go up, by definition, we have an obligation to, in one form or another, either automate, change the pyramid shape, change the offshoring mix or nearshoring mix and/or find a way to pass on cost to clients, notwithstanding automation agendas or whatnot. So I think at this stage, pricing is mainstream in terms of dialogue amongst not just Cognizant, but also our peers in the industry to try to offset the compensation pressure. So the classic situation that we have grown up with historically around MSAs being signed with rate cards associated with those and rate cards coming up for renewal every 1 or 2 years, that is not necessarily as relevant anymore because people have to intersect those natural cycles.
Now on top of that, I'd just point out that as well, as Jan said, we have a pricing initiative underway. Clearly, the business model evolution of Cognizant, which has been quite intentional in recent years, including a much greater shift towards digital and the commitment to try to evolve from being a provider of resources to be a solution provider that enables clients to address their pain points by a selling solutioning and delivering client outcomes. That puts us in a position where we are competing with sometimes very different competitors and we may have some margin opportunity via pricing leverage as well. So both of those factors, I think, are pertinent at this moment in time.

Rod, it's Brian. So first of all, we're delighted. We've reduced voluntary attrition for 2 quarters in a row. This quarter, attrition fell 5 points sequentially on a voluntary basis, and we are extremely comprehensive in our disclosure of attrition perhaps the purest in the industry. That being said, I actually anticipate attrition will pick up in the second quarter, in fact. And I know attrition will pick up because we look at resignations on a daily basis, and we anticipate it will be elevated for the course of the year. We have done a tremendous amount in the last year. We call this [ yearly ]. We substantially overspent our allocated budget last year for compensation and promotions because we wanted to invest in our talent try to mitigate attrition and make sure we capture the market opportunity. But this is above and beyond simply financial measures. It's total rewards, vacation policy, 401(k) policy, stock purchase price policy, et cetera, within total awards. 
And on top of that then, there's a significant amount that we've been doing around investing in our employees, whether that is skilling or indeed enabling career path advancements. Cognizant as you know very well, has always been a company that invested heavily in our people, attracted smart people, put them into accounts and really enabled ourselves to ingratiate ourselves at accounts.
Well, we've furthered that in the last year by doing what I would view as clever things with regards to our promotion process, really trying to make this a little bit more self-service and constant through the course of the year by tying it much greater to skilling as opposed to longevity of tenure. And making sure that we try to correlate that with bill rate increases as well.
And then there's a broader notion of us getting back on the front foot growing double digits, which creates career path opportunities for people and upward mobility and just a celebratory sense of winning bigger deals, winning in digital and delivering with success. Now all of that comes against the backdrop of us also in the course of the last few years, taking some pain by really balancing our visa dependency in North America given the regulatory backdrop as well. But the heavy lifting of that is now essentially behind us.
So we've been working very hard to mitigate attrition. But the reality is the market is red hot behind certain skills and try as we might, and we track the data when we promote people or when we give them salary increases. We know how long it mitigates attrition before it picks up again. So I just think this industry is perhaps at a different curve than it was in the last 15 to 20 years, perhaps the return to office or much more of a hybrid work will help mitigate what we've seen in the last year, but I'm still somewhat pessimistic about the industry attrition trends.

Yes. Well, the holy grail of course, in a services company is somehow to decouple headcount growth and revenue growth, but there are multiple factors at play, including accelerators and the mix of their headcount onshore versus offshore and indeed within the pyramid. Clearly, if I start with the pyramid, at the bottom of the pyramid, I felt 3 years ago, we were light. We hadn't been as aggressive on campus hiring, et cetera. And in the last few years, we have really, I would say, materially changed our hiring practices, 17,000 a few years ago, 33,000 freshers onboarded and infused in the last year. And then we're aiming for 45,000, 50,000 this coming year. And I'm assuming that will continue to grow.
So that by definition, adds headcount at lower levels from a billing perspective. And clearly, as you go through rightsize that, then you bring people on board, you get them trained for a few months, you infuse them into accounts and ultimately get them into more billable type roles. So that's been one factor where you've seen us materially add headcount. And I think it's fundamentally so core to our success in the years ahead because with those people being skilled and with this internal job moves program that creates upward mobility in our organization, we are therefore able to promote from within more often, particularly when we have fixed bid or managed services type deals versus a more traditionality with staff augmentation or interview-based role.
The second factor I'd say is our mix has shifted like many in the industry, about 2 points towards offshore in the last year, and that has different dynamics in terms of average bill rate per employee or margin dollars per employee but also margin rate per employee can be higher in offshore. But the attrition that we're experiencing, I think, as an industry and within Cognizant is broad-based. It's not just in India, it's not just in the junior levels of the organization. It's also across Western Europe and North America. So we are continuing to complement the programs we put in place with incremental campus programs in North America, nearshore programs in Mexico and Canada, which are ramping nicely for us, and of course, the need for subcontractors and laterals. Subcontractors actually fell sequentially in mid-single digits, and that's something we'd obviously like to continue to optimize in the years ahead by getting more campus programs, more upward mobility and better demand visibility such that we can avoid as much subcontractors.
And then last but not least, one of our core competencies, I would argue, has been our talent acquisition group, who has done remarkable work in the last year or so. Certainly, the offer-to-join-ratio has eroded in the industry and Cognizant is no different. But nonetheless, we have an incredible capability to bring in tens of thousands of employees per quarter. And I'm firmly of the opinion, we're not yet hitting our stride in terms of our revenue potential. So we want to continue to scale our operations to get after the market possibilities that are out there.

Well, we have continued to invest in the company. As you know, over the last few years, our SG&A has outgrown revenue and margin dollars substantially on a year-over-year basis for a whole host of initiatives, from IT security to marketing to reinvigorating the commercial momentum story that is now fueling the growth that we're seeing. Keith, by definition, it's not an easy environment. By definition, when we look at forward guidance, we anticipate not just the here and now, but potentially the trends that we -- with every passing month and quarter, we have more lateral hires that we're bringing in from the outside, which are coming in at rates. But I still feel in the same vein that the negatives of labor cost increases, the attrition impact on utilization, the increased costs associated with travel and entertainment and return to office, we still have possibilities to offset that with moderated SG&A growth, with revenue growth leverage, pyramid optimization, shoring optimization, automation, real estate and, of course, pricing. And arguably, pricing is the big one. 
We are seeing some nice green shoots there. It's a programmatic approach that Jan and I are heavily invested in with our pricing team globally and with the markets to make sure that we have the courage to talk to clients around the importance of investing in our people, which will help mitigate attrition on their accounts and the various other actions we're taking. So pricing is ultimately the factor that gives us an ability to maintain margin growth of 20 to 30 basis points for the year.

Yes. Look, let's face it. I mean in every C-Suite conversation that I have as I go around the world, we all end up talking about multiple things around return to office, hybrid work, culture and also about labor and supply chain disruption. And many clients over the years, as you know, have brought certain skills in-house and they're all dealing with the same trends we are dealing with ourselves in terms of elevated attrition and labor cost increases. So it is quite topical. It's quite known for our client base, and we're not the only company in the world approaching clients outside of standard renewal dates to intersect the classic rate card work. 
It's heavy lifting. It's not easy. I want to call out my team globally. We've worked very hard in the last 9 months to mitigate this to navigate our way through certain icebergs. And we know we've got some heavy lifting ahead of us as well. But the team are committed to do so. And we'll keep, obviously, everybody current on a quarter-by-quarter basis and see how much progress we can make in this regard.

We just don't know. It's very hard to call, Keith. The reality is that attrition slows based on a series of financial measures we've made, series of promotion measures we've made. But obviously, there are an element of seasonality at play here as bonuses are paid, which triggered an increase in attrition in the last few months. And so therefore, I know that attrition will go up in Q2, and that's factored into our guidance. Once we get past Q2, we're just going to have to keep a close eye on this and see how we're able to continue to engage employees.
I actually believe that the environment we're in these days, which I think we've hit a watershed moment of people no longer necessarily wanting to work in an office environment like in the past can be detrimental to employee engagement and cultural affinity and indeed can enable people to work more remotely. And then in countries like India, the notion of moving from a large urban center to a rural environment, trying to encourage people back to an urban environment can have meaningful consequences for their disposable income at the end of the month. So there's not just a philosophical debate in terms of whether you can still get your work done remotely leveraging technology, but it's very much a financial debate as well, notwithstanding the broader inflationary pressure in the urban centers or indeed in rural. 
So I'm somewhat of the opinion that we're at a new norm, the labor market has reset. And with that new approach to work, industry attrition may pick up on a more sustainable basis, particularly in today's demand environment, where I still feel that digital transformation is clearly throughout multiple industries, and there's a lot more legs on this in the years ahead.

I'm very proud of our delivery organization. At the end of the day, Cognizant is a delivery company, whatever we sell a little more than a commitment to actually go and deliver against that. And come what may in the last few years, humanitarian crisis, a cyber attack and of course, in today's elevated industry attrition, our delivery team have gone the extra mile time and time again to satisfy client demand and juggle various balls. So I'd like to complement them. We, of course, are complementing India as well by bolstering that with a global delivery network in Europe, in North America, onshore as well as nearshore locations. So they've done a really nice job for us.
As we evolve the way we show up the clients and lead with advisory capabilities to sell solutions and deliver outcomes by industry, addressing client pain points, of course, there is an evolution that's happening in our delivery organization. And that includes how we solution and project and program management, and of course, the degree of efficiencies and accelerators we're able to use within our portfolio. And that's something we're making good progress on. And at some stage in the future, we'll talk more about that externally. But our delivery organization is the heart of Cognizant.
I, frankly, was in India probably 4, 5 weeks ago, I'll be back there in the coming month or 2 as well. A lot of my team have been there in more recent weeks. I actually characterized the morale and the vibe amongst the delivery organization to be perhaps the highest it's been in the last 3 years. I really feel very good about where we are, notwithstanding the pressure everybody has been under given these either self-imposed or exogenous events.

Yes. Look, I think fundamentally, given the revenue guidance Jan and I gave in November last year in the multiyear outlook as well as the current guidance for 2022, we've got to maintain a book-to-bill ratio at 1.1 or above. That's certainly directionally what's going to be needed for us to achieve those goals. I always think it's very important to underscore the importance of thinking about bookings across a trailing 12-month basis. And to your point, Bryan, we've had some very strong years now the last 2. And from my perspective, we are in a much better position that we've been at any stage since I came here a few years ago. And I feel good about our win rate, and I feel good or better pipeline within that. So that's kind of my perspective in terms of bookings and our readiness to get after the market opportunity in the years ahead. The demand picture is less to be concerned than the attrition and labor cost concerns.

Larger deals, trailing 12-month basis, we've got $23.4 billion of bookings without substantial large deals within that. And I view that as a positive because our digital momentum has really picked up. But certainly, with, I would say, strong delivery capabilities, strengthening project and program management, strengthening solutioning, discipline within Cognizant. We are continuing to review the opportunity to get into some larger deals. And hopefully, we'll have some good news for you on that in the next few quarters. Some of those will be aligned to really strategic industries for us like FSI, where we've done some good work in recent years. We cleaned up our portfolio. We cleaned -- refreshed our client-facing teams, both in delivery as well as in commercial, and we've got a very strong industry solutions group that needs to continue to get stronger. And we've been spending a lot of time with clients that we haven't sold to in recent years, and I think we have the opportunity to get into some of those larger accounts as well. 
So hopefully, you'll see something in the coming quarters in that regard. But our momentum has ultimately been carried by digital momentum, the reinvigoration of our commercial sales team and client centricity at our core. Clearly, a broader portfolio that's more compelling than ever before, which has been intentionally built to exposures us higher-growth categories.
Our international expansion, I'll call out the U.K., our second largest country after the U.S., growing consistently now. 20% plus is a really strong success story. And then, of course, if we get post-merger integration opportunity to scale into our accounts. If we can complement all of that with a few larger deals per year that will be done opportunistically, judiciously, there's a lot of potential left in this company, and I really feel good about that. 
Okay. With that, thank you very much for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking with you soon.