Well, thank you, Katie, and good afternoon, everybody.
I'm pleased to join you today on my first earnings call as Cognizant's CEO. I've long admired Cognizant from my vantage point at other leading technology companies. Since moving into the role 5 weeks ago, I've been busy getting into the heart of the company's operations. I traveled across 3 continents to listen directly to our clients and partners. I've conducted more than 2 dozen deep dives into our industries, lines of service and regions. And I've met with nearly all of our global executive leadership team and talked to hundreds of our associates in person. I can tell you that the initial reasons for my enthusiasm about Cognizant have been strongly confirmed. I'll share some observations later in the call.  This is a great company, and I'm excited to have the opportunity to lead the company forward.
That said, we had a disappointing first quarter performance. We have a lot of work to do to get back to what I believe this company is capable of achieving to seize the market opportunity in front of us. In Q1, our revenue grew 6.8% year-over-year in constant currency to $4.1 billion. This fell short of our guidance and resulted in an earnings shortfall. Our softness in top line growth resulted from a weak performance in Banking and Financial Services, which was flat year-over-year in constant currency and slowing growth in Healthcare, excluding the contribution of Bolder Healthcare Solutions.
Our revenue performance reflects both external factors, including in-sourcing among a few large Financial Services clients and the spending pullback in Healthcare clients that are in the midst of merger integration as well as Cognizant-specific execution issues that we need to get behind us. 
Offsetting this weakness in Financial Services and Healthcare, we delivered strong double-digit growth in 2 of our other major business segments, Products and Resources and Communications, Media and Technology. Later in today's call, I'll let Karen take you through the details of the quarter. 
Beforehand, I want to offer 3 observations: First, notwithstanding a disappointing Q1, the foundation and capabilities of business are solid and the market opportunity is robust. I've spent enough time reviewing the business and meeting with clients and partners over the last 5 weeks to know this to be true. I want to stress that our customer centricity is as strong as ever. Having met face to face with hundreds of our associates over the past 5 weeks, I can attest to their passion for clients, incredible resourcefulness, innovation and desire to win. Their winning spirit derives from decades of commercial success. This kind of spirit is hard to create but once it becomes the core cultural attribute as it is in Cognizant, it's also hard to break. 
Second, we know we can and must do better. We are committed to delivering consistent financial performance that aligns with the expectations that we set and communicate. And third, we also recognize that the first quarter revenue weakness follows a loss of top line momentum over the past 18 to 24 months.
One of my top priorities is to act to restore top line momentum. Restoring our momentum goes to a question I've been asked many times by associates and others about revenue versus margin trade-offs. I've long believed that it is possible to achieve solid revenue growth and drive margin expansion simultaneously. I've seen nothing to date at Cognizant that changes this belief. 
To do both, we must be fit for growth, and by this, I mean establishing a healthy cost structure that allows us to be cost competitive whilst enabling us to make investments that create value for our clients. Investments, of course, can take many forms, including marketing, demand generation, partnerships, re-skilling, increased sales coverage or increased spend in platforms, tools and automation. I believe cost equals growth. They are not mutually exclusive. Therefore, as we said about reviving top line momentum, we will improve our cost structure as a means to invest in growth and unlock higher levels of performance.
One example is our cost of delivery. During my recent trip to India, I saw firsthand how important our delivery teams are to our strategy. Through our customer engagements, our teams in India not only deliver but also develop solutions and drive customer innovation that bring our digital capabilities to life for clients. This is a prized asset and a valued competitive advantage, but we must also be more efficient to ensure we can accelerate growth.
As we set about getting fit for growth, change management, clarity of roles and responsibilities and communication are critical. We will ensure that all of our associates understand the connection between top line momentum and a healthy cost structure and that everyone is clear about our go-forward priorities and their role in making this happen.
For example, I want our sales and delivery teams focused on customer acquisition, up-selling and cross-selling within the existing clients, co-creating innovative solutions to customer pain points and maximizing customer satisfaction. Meanwhile, Karen and I will focus on ensuring a rigorous approach to noninvestment costs while prioritizing investments related to growth. Once we get the balance right, in steady state, I believe we can accelerate growth and deliver margin accretion simultaneously.
That aside, in the meantime, I'm doing what you would expect a new CEO to do. I will dig into every part of the business to fully understand our strategy, market structures, competitive dynamics, client buying behavior, control points and the engagement levels and collaboration of our teams. As I intend to leave no stone unturned, I've already launched a series of work streams to review our growth and margin opportunities. These work streams focus on areas including: our organizational structure, to assess role clarity and decision rights among our verticals, regions and lines of service and to ensure a clear accountability model that drives a culture that is both empowered and performance-oriented. 
Our sales model, including how we segment customers, align sales coverage and establish sales performance metrics and more leveraged sales commission plans. The must-win battles in our digital strategy as well as the practical matters of ensuring our pivot to digital will be successful via structural leadership and compensation actions. And our delivery model, particularly on lowering the cost of delivery through pyramid actions, tooling and automation and optimizing the mix amongst our delivery locations. 
Finally and acknowledging people are at the heart of everything, we have work streams focused on our leadership and culture, emphasizing rigorous data-driven talent management, succession planning and leadership attraction and development. While we're on the topic of leadership, an essential part of my role is to ensure we have the right team in place to propel Cognizant forward. Having conducted over 2 dozen 4- to 5-hour business reviews in the last 5 weeks, I've had a good deal of interaction with most of our senior leaders. I believe we have a highly experienced, deeply knowledgeable and accountable team that serves our clients and shares my commitment to getting the company back to executing the basics well. 
Recognize, however, that when a new CEO joins, some reshaping of the leadership team is inevitable and this has already begun to happen. As you know, with my arrival, Frank D'Souza moved into the role of Executive Vice Chairman and will transition to Vice Chairman of our Board at the end of June. Raj Mehta has stepped down as President. I'm not planning to backfill this role. I want to be deeply engaged in the business and also want to flatten our organizational structure so that we can take out layers of costs, communicate quicker and move with greater speed and agility.
With the view to sharpening our focus and accelerating our growth in digital business, I've just appointed Malcolm Frank as the new President of Cognizant Digital Business. Malcolm will bring significant customer centricity, passion, a strategic mind and a partnership mentality to this critical position. 
And to improve our performance in Banking and Financial Services, which represents 35% of Cognizant's annual revenue, I've asked Prasad Chintamaneni, our EVP and President of Global Industries and Consulting, in addition to his existing responsibilities, to also assume the direct management of the banking business on an interim basis. Earlier in his career, Prasad led our Banking and Financial Services segment. Therefore, I'm confident that he will immediately make a difference as we launch the search for a new head of our banking business. Prasad will continue to maintain all of his existing responsibilities in addition to his interim role.
Finally, before turning the call to Karen, I would like to touch briefly on Cognizant's significant market opportunity. One of the things that drew me to Cognizant is our large addressable market. The rates of digitization across industries creates a significant opportunity for us and clients as they recognize digital as both an opportunity and a threat. We built leadership positions in many industry verticals and strong client relationships where we can up-sell and cross-sell our lines of service. 
We have an opportunity to further diversify our client base. And on a geographical basis, there's a huge opportunity outside of North America, with our global growth markets currently accounting for just over 1/4 of our total revenues. I believe that we have the right strategy and portfolio of services and solutions to capture the market opportunity, and we will double down on execution to ensure success. 
We have been focusing over investments on 6 advanced capabilities that our clients need to become fully digital businesses. These 6 capabilities, which form the core of our digital strategy, are: core modernization; digital engineering, where I'm really enthusiastic about the capabilities enabled by Cognizant's Softvision; AI and analytics; intelligent process automation; industry and platform solutions; and interactive customer experiences.
To this list, I have added one more capability, Internet of Things. The advent of 5G will vastly expand the impact of IoT and create significant opportunities across our verticals. As we help our customers be successful in a digital world, we need to extend our IoT portfolio of offerings and build out our IoT partnership ecosystem.
We see ample headroom for growth in all of these areas, which offer strong margin profiles and a combined market opportunity that we estimate to be in the hundreds of billions of dollars. As we get after these opportunities, we will be ultraefficient in our legacy operations, prioritizing our investments, investing in partnerships and ensuring we digitize our own operations. 
In short, my mission is to ensure that Cognizant is well positioned for long-term success. My aim is to leave no stone unturned so that we can identify all opportunities for improvements in growth, efficiency and profitability. I look forward to giving you an update on our progress in the coming quarters. We have a solid strategy, engaged associates and incredible client centricity and we're fully committed to executing this strategy.
Okay. With that, it's my pleasure to turn it over to Karen, who will give you an update on both our operational and financial performance as well as a view on how we see the year ahead. Karen?

Well, thank you, Karen.
Before we take your questions, let me close by saying once again how delighted I am to have the opportunity to lead this great company. My 286,000 colleagues and I recognize that we have work to do to get Cognizant back to basics and to strengthen our execution. We will roll our sleeves up and ensure that we tenaciously follow through on our strategy to produce the kind of results I know Cognizant is capable of achieving. We are all dedicated to our clients, and we are all committed to advancing Cognizant's pivot to digital and spurring the next phase of growth and success. 
And with that, I'll ask the operator to open the lines for your questions.

Thank you.

Yes, I'm happy to do so. And ultimately, over the last 5 weeks, I spent my time across 3 continents and ultimately have been prioritizing business reviews, spending time with our associates and spending time with clients and partners. And to a great extent, that will be how I will continue to spend my time going forward. From my point of view, the great news is that we have an exciting market opportunity. The potential is there. But one of the things we're going to have to get back to doing is understanding the relevant trade-offs between costs, investments and growth. I don't view costs and investments to be the same thing, but I do view costs and growth to be the same thing. We have to be fit for growth. So in order to do so, we need to invest in growth. In order to invest in growth, we need to free up dollars for investment. And to a certain extent, Lisa, I really feel that we have to restart the engine that was the secret sauce of Cognizant. We have very engaged associates who have a winning spirit. There's a great opportunity out there but we have to go back to making the investments, getting our cost structure right, really embracing digital and doing the basics well. And sometimes, those basics in companies can be overlooked in terms of structural decision rights, sales commission plans, et cetera, et cetera. If we get all of this right, I think we will be in a position to execute our strategy and to do well.

Well, I can't really comment on what the Board sought in a candidate, so the question is for them to answer over time. What I will say is that 5 weeks into my tenure, I'm still very much in a steep learning curve as you can well imagine. I'm delighted to be here and obviously optimistic about our potential. And why? Of course, as I said, the market opportunity is there to be taken. I'm surrounded by a lot of really smart people with broad-industry knowledge, and I'm going to be leaning on them to help me execute our plan in the years ahead. We do have a base of associates, as I said, that are client-centric, which is a huge asset to have a winning spirit and that's based on years of commercial success. Now we have a set of customers who like Cognizant and that gives us the opportunity to up-sell and cross-sell to our installed base, but we also have an opportunity to go after new customers within our largest and most successful verticals as well as in the other segments and indeed, as Karen touched open, within growth markets. And we have to embrace digital further and leverage our strong C-suite relationships, notably at the CIO stack, to better penetrate the rest of companies in their digital ambitions. What's easy or what's easy to articulate in one hand is obviously harder to execute. You asked me what needs to change. Too early for me to comment and I'll be in a better position to address that obviously down the line in the outer quarters. Maybe let me answer your question indirectly by saying and touching upon some of the work streams that I started. What's really clear and important to me in good companies is that roles and responsibilities are clearly defined. Teams are empowered with responsibility clarification and empowerment, so too goes accountability. And core to all of that is decision rights. And we have a matrix, as every company has a matrix, but we need to, and I will explore, the D, if you will, on a rapid between horizontals, verticals and the deeper markets. There must be clarity in the matrix. I also really want to look at how we get after the sales opportunity and not just in terms of the CIO versus the rest of the C-suite where we, in theory, should be able to better leverage our CIO relationships to cross-sell into the CMO, the COO and indeed the CEO and shift ultimately from the run portion of the business, which will always be under some degree of constraint, into the optimization or transformation portion of the business, leveraging more of a shift to advisory and indeed our digital offerings. But we have to look at some of the basics as well, customer segmentation, commission plans, accounts-based marketing, all of these are critical to growth and it's important to get the basics right and of course, to expand our delivery model. So look, in short, I'm learning the business. But every passing week, I get a little smarter, but I've got a lot to learn, and I'm rolling my sleeves up, as you can imagine with the team, spending time with clients and they themselves will have a huge role to play in informing my priorities going forward.

Well, thank you, Keith. Let me first start with capital allocation because the M&A question is inherent in that. Look, you can well imagine, Keith, our Board of Directors and I will continue to evaluate our framework on an ongoing basis, to ensure we're maximizing value for people like you and our shareholders generally. We do have a very strong balance sheet. At this moment in time, there is no change in our previously disclosed capital allocation framework. I will say more explicitly to the question on M&A, it has been and will continue to be a level to -- a lever to execute our strategy. I'm very clear in my mind that M&A is not a strategy. It is a means to execute a strategy. So all acquisitions that come forward to me need to be contextualized against our strategy and we need to have clear business ownership and sponsorship and a clean line of sight to integration. At the moment, we're not working on major acquisitions, and I'm more historically favorable to tuck-in acquisitions as opposed to anything beyond that. And I do think we should be able to use those as a means to an end to drive further revenue growth in line with our strategic ambition. Back to the first part of your question, which relates to the margins, look, everybody knows I've been here 5 weeks so I arrived in April 1, the quarter was closed and immediately, we started looking at the results and trying to decompose them down, understanding what happened in the latter part of the quarter. By definition, I have been focused on what is a secular trend versus a cyclical trend, what is an external factor versus a Cognizant-specific factor? I'm pleased with the work that Karen and I have done to try to get below those as best we can. And I'm obviously focused on putting guidance out there that I know we can actually execute against. And that will enable me to invest in the long-term health of the business to ensure we can drive shareholder value creation. So at this moment in time, that's as much as I can say.

Yes. I think it's a good question and inherent in that is the notion of elasticity and also our position within clients in terms of where we stand, not just in the legacy but also in the new. I've seen quite a lot of clients across 3 continents and I have approached those meetings very openly, soliciting feedback on Cognizant, on our brand, on what we stand for, on our client teams and delivery and project management. I've tried to obviously, in the same vein, understand what those customers are working on. And I would say very clearly and consistently, spend pressure continues on the run side of the business, in Financial Services, everywhere else kind of in a pretty consistent theme. And all firms are fully aware of the do-or-die notion that digital disruption brings their way. So they are in a highly competitive market with legacy competitors as well as new. And so very often, the message is we have to find ways to get our investments down in legacy, free up dollars for investments in security but also free up dollars for innovation to enable them to better participate in the digital world, if you will. So there is spend but it's not always where we would traditionally played. And so our task is to optimize our portfolio, being as efficient as possible in our legacy business and better positioning ourselves then in the digital world. And that brings with it complications as well as opportunities. The nature of the contracts, from longer-term contracts to more project-based contracts, is the fact that we have to juggle with the nature of the skills required to get at those opportunities and the relationships, how we get in the front door, how we leverage our strength with CIOs and strong customer NPS to sponsors with their CMOs, COOs, CEOs, how we get the right skill sets, who we talk to, how we talk to them, how we follow up, what collaterals leave. You name it. It's fundamentally an opportunity for us but also something we have to grow into and continue to flex our muscles in as we become more of an advisory element. Cognizant Digital Business is really important to making that happen. Winning new logos, of course, will enable us to grow too. But more broadly, almost 2/3 of our business is in Financial Services and Healthcare so it's important that we turn those businesses around. It's important that we buttress our North America business with further growth in global growth markets, which grew 12% in the first quarter. And if we get all of those things right and invest for growth, I am confident that over time in a steady state, we will be able to simultaneously deliver better margins and accelerated growth. At this moment in time, of course, we have a lot of work to do.

Well, let me first start with the latter question around Frank, who's been nothing short of a gentleman in the transition period with me and I've been delighted to have the opportunity to spend time with him and work with him. He's somebody I reach out to almost on a daily basis to get guidance and counsel within the same vein. He's clear that he hasn't gone from the CEO role for the next 3 months or the next 2 months at this stage to move into an EVP or Executive Vice Chairman role and thereafter will transition to the Board, and I'm sure will be available for me in a nonoperational capacity but as a counselor, as needed and as I choose to use. With regards to the process for forecasting and the Investor Day guidance and Q1 guidance, I can't really comment on the past. It's very clear obviously that I understand the importance of setting expectations we can meet and consistency of earnings. It's something that I hold near and dear to my heart. We will continue to work to get rigor in our forecasting process and not just forecasting but an annual budget process. Forecasts happen on a monthly basis, bottom up from accounts. But at the end of the day, we set a cost structure and we set leadership bonuses based on the annual budget. So we want to make sure we're rigorous not just against forecasting and predictability of guidance but also against the inherent plan as we enter a year.

Well, thanks, Karen. Well, first of all, it bifurcates. Obviously, Life Sciences has been very strong and grew double-digit, as we said. In the Healthcare payer business, we've had a different story and certainly excluding some M&A, it's been slow. I would say on a positive nature, healthcare is still about 18% of the nation's GDP and we're starting from a position of strength. So we need to understand. Of course, we've had disappointing Healthcare results this quarter but we need to do better. In the last few days, I've spent about 3 hours with CIOs of some of the largest healthcare companies in the world. And the message I received was very clear. Help them to run to optimize their opportunities which optimize their run business and get cost savings and yet they are very open to embracing Cognizant on their transformation and digital agenda where we have so much opportunity, and so it's for us now and Malcolm in his new role to get after those opportunities and make sure we bring our assets to bear in customers where we historically had very strong customer satisfaction and growing business in prior years.

Thank you.