Thanks, Joe, and good afternoon, everyone. Our plans for this year is to deliver a great customer experience, grow our active buyer base and scale our immediate growth initiatives, Advertising and Payments. As we build on our strengths of value and unique selection in our marketplace, we are increasingly intermediating and managing that marketplace to better control both the consumer and the seller experience while creating new growth opportunities. 
In Q2, we executed that plan. We made tangible customer experience improvements, we delivered good active buyer growth and we continued to scale ads and payments. In addition, we drove efficiency to fund our investments while making progress on our portfolio review. For the quarter, total GMV was flat, revenue was up 4%, while our active buyer base grew 4% to 182 million. 
Underlying these results, GMV in our Marketplace platform is down 1%, StubHub volume was up 6% and our Classifieds platform grew revenue at 12%. We also returned $1.6 billion in capital to investors through share repurchases and dividends. Scott will go into more detail on our financial results shortly. 
First, let me provide some context on our core business. We've been reducing and redeploying low ROI marketing spend, resulting in less GMV in the short term, but stable sold item and active buyer growth. Although we've reduced certain types of incentives, we've maintained our focus on driving healthy customer growth while evolving our brand. We're seeing improvements in buyer acquisition, driven by higher conversion of new and lapsed customers, in part due to product enhancements and also from more targeted marketing and promotion. We have effective levers to acquire buyers and are expanding our effort to drive frequency and reduce churn. 
In Q2, we improved the buyer experience by increasing the number of ways buyers can discover value and unique selection. By leveraging data on existing listings, we launched new pages that transformed previously unstructured listings into a more intuitive set of product results. We also recently released our Brand Outlet, an experience of aggregates products from top consumer brands all with fast and free shipping. 
Following changes to our returns experience introduced last year, more than 1/3 of our U.S. buyers are now able to instantly receive labels and track their returns, and we started rolling this out to more major markets in Q2. We also introduced significant seller improvements, including Offers to Buyers, Buy Again and Trending in Your Interests. We extended seller protection by making it easier to identify and take action against abusive buyers. We dramatically simplified volume pricing, offering more ways for sellers to offer discounts. And we provided better ways for sellers to contribute more complete structured product information to help buyers find their listings while building new capabilities to drive conversion by better leveraging this expanded catalog. 
One emerging challenge for our small business sellers in the U.S. is the rapidly evolving landscape for Internet sales tax. At the start of the year, only a handful of states had active legislation requiring marketplaces to collect sales tax. By the end of the year, that number will grow to more than 30 states and it will cover the majority of U.S. GMV. In Q2, this impacted the U.S. business by more than 1 point, and we're taking active measures to mitigate this challenge. However, this headwind is likely to further pressure U.S. results until we lap a fully rolled out Internet sales tax landscape. 
Looking at our international core markets, overall performance was relatively stable with some notable highlights. In Korea, we drove 2 points of GMV improvement in the quarter through investments in our loyalty platforms supported by promotions such as Big Smile Day. Our European markets were slightly down due to continued macroeconomic pressure in the U.K., while Japan continues to gain share primarily due to strong buyer acquisition and marketing investments. 
Our revenue growth continues to outpace GMV in part due to acceleration in Advertising and Payments. For ads in Q2, Promoted Listings drove $89 million of revenue, up over 130% from a year ago. Over 940,000 sellers promoted over 250 million listings in the quarter. Sellers are increasingly choosing to invest in Promoted Listings and are seeing strong conversion in velocity. We plan to expand these capabilities further while always balancing the impact on the buyer experience. We expect to end the year with more than $700 million in total ad revenue, and we're well on track towards our goal of $1 billion in ad revenue over time. 
For payments, we continue to see accelerated adoption of managed payments in the U.S. Since the launch in late Q3 last year through the end of Q2, we've now processed over $636 million in payments for over 6,000 sellers participating to date. Sellers on eBay managed payments are seeing good conversion and their buyers are able to pay using credit cards, Apple Pay, Google Pay and PayPal. Most sellers are saving on payment fees and they've simplified their experience with eBay by managing their business in one place. 
In Germany, we're on track, and subject to regulatory approval, we intend to be live by the end of the year. We're confident in our managed payment plan, and we look forward to realizing $2 billion in revenue and $500 million in operating income at scale. 
At StubHub, Q2 volume benefited from increased conversion, active buyer growth, first-party sales acceleration and favorable market conditions, including the longer series for the NBA and NHL playoffs. In our international markets, a strong Champions League final and Women's World Cup helped offset lapping pressure from the Men's World Cup. In addition, we launched the new loyalty program for top buyers, and we continued to improve fulfillment with more technology integration, leading to reduced service costs and improved margins. 
Turning to Classifieds. We continue to execute our playbook of building market-leading horizontal marketplaces, complemented by scale vertical experiences in categories, including motors and real estate. In Q2, we generated another quarter of double-digit growth based on the execution of the strategy. In Germany, momentum in our motors platform has extended our leadership position, and our horizontal platform is rapidly increasing customer engagement, leading to advertising revenue growth. 
In the U.K., our expanded motors offering continues to scale and drive growth in both our organic and acquired businesses. Core eBay integration continued to deliver substantial synergies with over $85 million of GMV to eBay in Q2 while over 1 point of revenue growth to Classifieds. 
Now let me update you on our portfolio review. We're making significant progress and actively reviewing the role and value of StubHub and Classifieds in our portfolio. Review is underway, and we're focused on determining the best path forward to create shareholder value. In addition to that ongoing work, today, we are announcing 2 other actions aimed at further strengthening our portfolio. 
First, we've reached a commercial agreement with Paytm Mall to bring our global inventory onto one of the largest marketplaces in India. eBay will open a store on Paytm Mall, which will provide hundreds of millions of Paytm and Paytm Mall's customers with access to our global inventory. As part of this collaboration, eBay is making an investment in Paytm Mall for a stake of approximately 5.5%. 
Second, we've reached an agreement to sell our flash sale German business, brands4friends. Divesting this business will allow our German team to focus on the opportunities in the core business. Finally, throughout this year, we are continuing to drive margin improvement through disciplined cost management and reinvesting savings in our growth initiatives. Later this year, we'll further communicate our approach to drive growth in margins. 
In summary, we are executing our plan to deliver outstanding customer experiences now while scaling growth opportunities and driving meaningful shareholder value. Now let me turn it over to Scott to give you more details on our quarterly financial results.

Yes. I mean I'll just add that this year is playing out exactly as we have said it would. And I guess our confidence is that we have line of sight to the reason GMV is suppressed right now. It's marketing, which is in our control. It's Internet sales tax, which will roll out and it will -- we'll lap out of it at some point next year. So we know those things. They're explainable and, to some extent, controllable. Underlying that, the marketplace is healthy. We've never had more buyers. We've never had more inventory. The product is improving. We're hitting another good stride right now in our product development process. So I have a lot of confidence in the core health and strength of the Marketplace because I can understand why there's a short-term suppression in GMV, and that's what we said would happen early in the year. It's exactly playing out as we have said.

Ross, on the portfolio review, we're just not going to say anything about it. We'll let people know when there's something to say, but until then, we're just not going to say a word about the process or what's going on.

I was just going to say on Internet sales tax, implied in our guidance is that more states will roll out and that the impact will get worse before it gets better. That is implicit in our guidance is that as you're going to reach a sort of the peak of states rolling out probably in Q4 and that's implied in what we're seeing. 
I think some of it, we're not 100% sure how it plays out, because there are replacement -- there's a replacement inventory and as this gets more penetration in the Marketplace or other dynamics that may end up substituting. But right now, what we're assuming is that the impact on the U.S. business will continue to grow, and then we'll start lapping out a bit and then it will shrink and basically fade into the background. 
But it is certainly -- we're certainly not through it. And I'll just take the opportunity to say for a second, as a policy matter, this is exactly what we said which would happen, which is small U.S. businesses are being disfavored. The impact is disproportionate on small U.S. businesses. It's favoring larger businesses and retailers and it's also favoring international businesses. So we, again, will call for federal legislation on Internet sales tax and a small business exemption, and I'll say that you'll continue to hear me say that because what we're seeing is exactly what we had feared and what we had said. On the algo change, we haven't seen a material change in search in the May, June time frame from Google.

On Payments, a couple of dynamics that I think are interesting. So first of all, today is the 1-year anniversary of -- a year from today will be 5 years and that's where the restriction on the rollout will fade away. So you can expect us to pick up the pace. I think some of it has been the product build. Some of it has been there's no need to go faster because we're capped under the OA anyway. 
As we start to roll up here to 12 months from today, you will see us begin to pick up the pace. And I'm particularly pleased with the seller experience. Sellers are seeing really good conversion. Buyers are seeing choice. Sellers are seeing unified accounts and they're saving money, everything that we would have hoped. So I'm very pleased with the payments execution. 
And on the buyer side, it's very interesting. You heard in Scott's remarks that now with PayPal rolled out, buyers are showing that they want choice. We're seeing, after PayPal has been rolled out, penetration of PayPal of approximately 35% roughly. And that's compared to almost double that on the rest of the Marketplace. So buyers are voting with their wallets and they are choosing for choice. So you will expect us to pick up the pace. 
In terms of GMV, obviously, we're not giving you '20 guidance. We'll just see what we say all the time, which is we think the long-term sustainable growth rate of the business is probably somewhere above retail and below e-commerce. And at these margins, we think that's a great business and a sustainable growth rate, but where we'll be next year, we'll obviously talk about that in October.

Yes. On the first part, yes, it's a good callout. I think we said last quarter that growing the first-party ads business is both sides of the funnel. It's supply and demand. For supply, we've opened it up to more sellers. We're giving them more tools. We're giving them better data so that they can understand and calculate an ROI on their ad spend on eBay, which we think is actually very strong. We think we have a very compelling value proposition. I mean sellers advertise on eBay and they have -- they look at that as a choice just like they could advertise on other ad platforms. And actually, what we see is that we have a really good value proposition for them, and that's playing out in the growth that we're seeing in the sellers and the density of ads and the way that they're using it. 
I should also point out that next week, we have a very large seller event called eBay Open, and we have thousands of our customers coming to that and we'll have more to say about the future of ads, and we'll have more to say about that and other things, and it should be an exciting week for us next week. 
And on the buyer side obviously there is the exposure of those ads in both search and in browse and merchandising. And that also, as we get confident that we're not cannibalizing organic results, if you will, we can expand the results there. So the growth this quarter, which was really outstanding as a result of both the sell side and the buy side expansion.

Thanks for the question, Colin. On buyers, we are very focused now on buyer frequency, on reducing buyer churn. We're seeing outstanding new customer acquisition really strong brand-new customers coming to eBay, which is encouraging. Those -- many of those are millennial. We're seeing a better skew towards women who are shopping with us. Some of those cohorts have lower spend than our existing cohorts, but they're all on the right side of positive CLV. So we're happy with what we see. 
And the hope is that we can drive frequency and we're very focused on that. That's both product and marketing right now. We're very dialed into driving frequency. And my hope is that, that isn't a long-term plan, that's something that we can do soon. And some of that is implicit in our steady buyer growth that we've seen over the last several quarters. On fulfillment, nothing to say right now. I think it's worthwhile to stay tuned.

Mark, let me just call out a couple of things that came out in my prepared remarks, but just to pull them together based on your question. First off, both StubHub and Classifieds spent more in marketing this quarter. We called those out in the prepared remarks and in the margin dynamics. And so that's going to, at the company level, mute the reduction that you would have seen. That's one dynamic. 
And the second dynamic is within the Marketplaces business, Korea and Japan actually spent more in contract, which then further mutes the fact that contra and other marketing expense is further down and call it the core on eBay Marketplaces businesses. And so it's a bit muted at the company level and a lot of the dynamics we're talking about are core and platform, ex StubHub, the Classifieds and ex Japan and Korea. So just try and navigate through from what you see in the prepared remarks and in the presentation and ultimately in the Q.

I think that I've been following crypto and blockchain for quite some time. And without going on a tangent, the short answer is the opportunity for the blockchain to reduce settlement costs, improve security and improve transparency is definite. I'm a believer that a public distributed database can reduce settlement costs. People still pay a lot for interchange. They pay a lot for settlement and clearing. 
And that are in systems that at times are not secure and at times don't serve the needs of particularly small businesses. So we're advocates about the possibility. One of the things that's prevented crypto from really having any penetration with retail is the volatility. And nobody's going to pay with a currency that moves up and down 15% a day. So the opportunity with Libra is for buyers because it's pegged to a basket of fiat currency to build a currency that's stable. 
The opportunity for sellers is to lower their costs even further. We're going to lower their cost with payment intermediation. The potential, if this ever got up and running, was we can lower their cost even further. So I think Libra is speculative. I think Libra may or may not work. I understand that the regulatory scrutiny, it is led by Facebook. We'll let them lead that. But we're participants as advocates on behalf of our customers.

I think we're all set on our side. So I think we can close the call.