Thanks, Joe. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, I'll begin the call with key highlights from the third quarter. Then I will share some updates on the progress we are making towards our strategic vision. At the end of my remarks, I will turn the call over to Steve, who will discuss our financial performance and outlook in greater detail.
Q3 was another strong quarter, driven by our team's relentless focus on sellers and buyers. I'm excited by the positive impact this is having on the underlying health of the business. The changes we are making to the marketplace are improving results today and are also putting us in a better position to deliver sustainable growth. We remain confident in our long-term vision to grow the core, become the seller platform of choice and cultivate lifelong trusted relationships with buyers.
Let me highlight a few achievements from the quarter that brought us one step closer to this vision. Our business delivered better-than-expected revenue and earnings growth on the high end of our guidance. Our strategic playbook continues to improve customer satisfaction and build trust and is leading to faster GMV growth in our focused categories. 
The managed payments migration, which is nearly complete, is helping sellers and buyers by reducing friction, lowering cost and enabling new capabilities. Our advertising business continues to grow faster than marketplace volume, and our product innovation provides sellers new tools to help them scale their eBay businesses.
We are also making great strides in our ESG efforts. Recently, we received approval from the Science Based Targets initiative for our multiyear carbon emission reduction goal. And importantly, we announced that eBay will be 100% carbon neutral this year and will remain so going forward. I'm pleased to report that all key business metrics either met or surpassed our expectations in Q3.
Revenue overperformed growing 10%, driven by acceleration in the payments migration and Promoted Listings growth. We also delivered $0.90 of non-GAAP EPS at the high end of expectations while increasing technology investments. GMV performed in line with expectations globally, declining 12% versus last year and increasing 9% compared to 2019. Excluding transitory macro impacts, we continue to see modestly positive underlying growth in the business.
Global active sellers remained unchanged at 19 million, and total active buyers were 154 million. Over the past year, we have focused on attracting and retaining high-value buyers by innovating in focused categories and targeting enthusiasts with upper funnel marketing. We have also discontinued legacy couponing that's skewed towards low-value buyers. These actions are resulting in a gradual evolution of our buyer base over time. Compared to the third quarter of 2019, high-value buyers are up 6%.
Another ongoing transformation of our marketplace is managed payments, which progressed quickly during the quarter. In Q3, we processed over 90% of on-platform GMV and remain on track to finish by the end of this year. I'm thrilled that we are close to migrating all of our global sellers to a next-gen product experience. While we are close to completing the transition, we are only at the beginning of realizing our full payments potential. Owning the entire seller and buyer journey unlocks opportunities to remove friction, improve trust and provide new capabilities to sellers and buyers. We are already starting down this path, and here are a few examples.
Last quarter, we effectively eliminated unpaid items on fixed-price transactions and have continued to reduce this issue for best offers. In the U.K., we are paying many sellers as quickly as next business day after buyer payment is confirmed. Based on community feedback, we reduced another pain point for trusted sellers by increasing protection against fraudulent returns by requiring photos and providing return shipping credits.
In addition, we continue to improve our stores experience to make eBay the seller platform of choice. We've been increasing our traffic to stores and providing more CRM capabilities to make managing their businesses on eBay easier than ever. Sellers are leveraging these new features to drive repeat purchases. For example, in only 6 months since launch, more than 2.5 million buyers have completed a repeat purchase from a store using our new seller-funded coupon. To further build sellers brands, we are testing video integration on high-traffic pages to help them tell their unique and compelling stories to enthusiast buyers.
Our advertising revenue continues to outpace volume due to Promoted Listings, which drove over $207 million in revenue in Q3, up 9%. We also tested 3 new Promoted Listings products and are starting to offer these features to more sellers.
In September, we opened up Promoted Listings Express to more sellers in the U.S., U.K., Germany and Australia. This feature allows sellers to boost visibility of auction listing for a onetime fee regardless of whether the item is sold. Early adopters have seen substantial growth in impressions and clicks.
Last month, we invited eligible sellers to try Promoted Listings Advanced, enabling them to create campaigns on a cost-per-click basis with more budget control. In parallel, we launched a suite of tools to create campaigns, monitor performance and optimize returns. We are also providing training and webinars to drive trial and adoption. During Q3, we explored ways to syndicate ads off eBay through external Promoted Listings.
Through the eBay partner network, we are testing tools and incentives for affiliates to drive enthusiast buyers to existing promoted listing sellers. We are also experimenting with other forms of seller-funded marketing across various channels. Our new advertising products are in the early days, and we are excited about their long-term potential.
Moving to our focus categories. I'm pleased with the pace of innovation and the positive reaction from our sellers and buyers. Volume from these categories continues to outperform the rest of the marketplace, and we are increasing customer satisfaction by improving trust. As you may recall, when we exited last quarter, we had applied our playbook to approximately 10% of global GMV. We remain on track to expand that to roughly 20% by the end of the year.
Let me walk you through several examples. Our sneakers business in the U.S. continues to grow at healthy double-digit rates. During Q3, we launched authentication in Germany, added 30 more brands to our catalog and improved SEO performance for top sneaker brands. We also leaned further into upper funnel marketing and sponsored key industry events to strengthen our reputation with enthusiasts.
Starting tomorrow, we will be trialing a new 3D image capability on select sneaker listings. Leveraging AI and machine learning, the experience will allow buyers to interact with a detailed 360-degree view of the actual item they are buying. We're excited about the potential of this new technology, particularly the ability to reinforce buyer confidence at the point of purchase.
Moving to luxury watches. This category is also growing at strong double-digit rates in the U.S. Buyers are finding more inventory on eBay than other marketplaces as many brands have decreased production, and preowned supply is limited on other platforms.
Since launching authentication in luxury handbags, growth has accelerated in this category and was positive in Q3, outperforming the total U.S. site by double digits. We are seeing the same high customer satisfaction as other authenticated categories.
As I've mentioned in the past, part of our strategy is to drive enthusiasts to new trusted experiences and then leverage those buyers across our vast supply in other categories. The average buyer who purchases sneakers and luxury watches, spends approximately $2,000 and $8,000, respectively, in other categories. We are seeing the exact same behavior in our latest focus category.
Buyers of authenticated handbags are spending over $5,000 outside of handbags. This cross-category benefit for sellers and buyers is a unique advantage for eBay. One of the reasons our growth has improved in luxury categories is the improvement in buyer and seller trust. We recently celebrated the 1-year anniversary of Authenticity Guarantee, having now processed over 1.4 million items across multiple categories. Customer satisfaction has consistently exceeded 90%, and we are operating in 5 countries with a mix of in-house and third-party resources.
Another focus category that is driving growth in the U.S. is trading cards, which is growing significantly faster than the total marketplace. In late July, we launched new features, including price guides and collections, which allow trading card enthusiasts to view, manage and track the value of their portfolios. To date, close to 4 million cards have been added to customer collections. 
In addition, close to 250,000 buyers have used eBay's newly launched Price Guide to visualize the changing value of their favorite trading cards. These features cater to the needs of high-value enthusiasts and are increasing engagement and trust in eBay.
The next focus category we're applying the innovation playbook to is motors, parts and accessories. Among the changes we are making is to take our entire parts inventory and add it to the eBay Motors app, creating a one-stop shop for vehicles and parts enthusiasts. We are excited by the potential of bringing together one of the world's largest vehicle selections with hundreds of millions of parts in one customized experience. We're exploring further changes to parts and accessories that leverage our strong market position to capture more untapped growth.
ESG remains critical to our business health and to our customers, and I'm pleased to announce that we have reached some significant milestones in our journey toward establishing eBay as the leading sustainability company in e-commerce.
Just 2 weeks ago, we announced that our emission reduction goals were approved by the Science Based Targets initiative. We will reduce Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions by 90% by 2030. This is the most ambitious designation available and aligned with the Paris agreement.
Additionally, we will reduce value chain emissions from downstream transportation by 20% in the same time frame. To reduce emissions from good shift using our platform, we will partner with our logistics providers to encourage low-carbon alternatives.
I'm also proud that eBay will be carbon neutral for our offices and data centers in 2021. We expect to maintain this going forward as we continue efforts to reduce our overall carbon footprint. At eBay, one of our core values is to be for everyone. As part of this focus, supporting our seller community is critically important.
Earlier this month, we issued a new report on equitable entrepreneurship, which revealed how selling on eBay helped women during the pandemic. We found that 82% of women who are new to eBay or increased their selling did so because of job loss, reduction of income, illness, loss of child care or some other hardship. This vast majority of women surveyed says the ability to sell on eBay was a benefit during the pandemic, citing the need to earn additional income for themselves or drive revenue for their businesses. I'm proud that our platform can provide flexibility and opportunity to so many during tough times so that they can earn extra income through selling in our marketplace.
I'm also inspired by the continuous generosity of sellers and buyers on eBay. During Q3, approximately $35 million was raised through eBay for Charity, up 11%. Additionally, thousands of global employees helped select small businesses to receive grants totaling $3 million from the eBay Foundation. These grants are focused on serving underrepresented entrepreneurs and are used to provide training, coaching and mentorship needed to help their businesses thrive.
In closing, as I mentioned at the start of the call, Q3 was yet another strong quarter. We continue to make progress on our multiyear journey, and it's clear that our strategy is working. Enthusiasts are responding to innovation in our focus categories and are increasingly putting their trust in eBay. Managed payments is on track to complete the migration this year and is driving friction out of the experience while opening up new capabilities for sellers and buyers.
Our advertising business is innovating by providing a portfolio of tools our sellers can leverage to build and grow their businesses on eBay. And we're accomplishing all of this while setting and achieving ambitious climate goals and providing a platform where economic opportunity is available to all.
I want to thank our passionate employees who have tirelessly worked to bring our vision and purpose to life. Their dedication to serving sellers and buyers is inspiring. Their relentless execution is driving innovation and making eBay a better marketplace, and I couldn't be prouder to lead this team.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve to provide more details on our financial performance. Steve, over to you.

Yes. So I'll take that. So first, on the categories, it really is about both leading into the high-value buyers that are on the platform as well as attracting new buyers in. So if you look at what we're doing in watches and sneakers or this quarter, we announced we're authenticating handbags over $500, it is catering to both. One of the great benefits of eBay is the cross-category nature of shopping. So if we acquire a buyer into a handbag, who buys a handbag over $500, they actually end up spending $5,000 in other categories outside of handbags on the site.
So when we think about acquisition, it's not just acquiring it for that category, it's acquiring it more broadly for eBay. That's one of our significant benefits. Excited because we've expanded categories this quarter. We brought our sneakers authentication program to Germany. We brought watches to the U.K. business, and we launched handbags in the U.S. in terms of that product.
From Certified Refurbished, we added new brands, Samsung, KitchenAid, Dyson and expanded number of products there, and that's exciting coming into holiday.
On your question on marketing, we've really shifted our marketing. I think traditionally, we've been a mostly lower funnel with some broad-based campaigns on upper funnel really driving into how do we acquire high-value buyers and high-value enthusiasts in specific verticals. So what that means is a whole lot more of upper-funnel marketing, partnerships, leaning in with social media influencers in certain categories and basically going much more broad with our marketing plans to find those buyers where they are.
And I guess the last thing I'd say is we're really focused on the first 90-day experience on eBay. Many times in my career, I've done this, where you really get focused on how do you introduce them to the brand, bring them up the life cycle, make sure that they turn into the high-value buyers that we want to do, and that's going to be a continued focus for us over the coming quarters.

Yes. So thanks for the question, Colin. So we do talk a lot about the vertical expansion and focus category work that we're doing, and we're excited for what's happening there. if you actually step back and look at it, the vast majority of our resources are actually going to site-wide initiatives across the board. And I'd point to a couple.
One is, obviously, our ad business and a lot of investment there across the board, especially with the 3 new products that were at the beginning of launching. Obviously, payments, huge initiative. But other areas that we haven't talked a lot about are like eBay stores. So working on a next-gen experience in eBay stores, incorporating video, so allowing sellers to kind of tell their story from that perspective. So there are more CRM tool capabilities so that sellers can be more involved in how we bring buyers back to the platform and drive that repeat business.
So the stat I just mentioned earlier about we launched it 6 months ago, but now sellers are funding the coupons to drive buyers back to the site from past buyers or interested buyers, and that's a huge benefit for sellers and a huge benefit for eBay because we're involving them and driving them and already 2.5 million buyers have used that in that time period.
And so we're also testing a new selling experience. If you're on the site, you'll see that there's a beta out there of a new way to sell. So most of the -- vast majority of investments are going to horizontal. But what I like is it's a complement because some of those horizontal lean into some of the vertical work that we're doing. In the vertical work and focused categories, some of the things that we're building for a given category we're able to use in a number of categories across the site. So the 2 also play together well. 
Steve, I'll let you take the second part of the question.

Yes. So on the new Promoted Listings offerings, let me just kind of explain this in detail. So the first one, which is Express is really to give us a Promoted Listings product against auctions. So since we launched this product 5 years ago, it's really only applied to fixed price. And so this opens up, a smaller format of the site, a format that has not been open to advertising before. Promoted Listings Express is a CPC-based product, gives sellers the opportunity to drive more velocity, goes after a different type of marketing budget for that perspective and gives us the opportunity to work with a secondary and supplementary advertising format.
And the third is off-eBay advertising. And that's using the vast marketing reach that eBay does today, partnering with our sellers to drive advertising as part of that off-eBay outreach to bring existing buyers and new buyers back to the platform. 
What I would say for you is that it's early days on these 3 products. If you look back, we started our ad business 5 years ago, and we've grown to $1 billion now over 5 years. And so we're at the point now where we're testing, we're learning. We've got invited sellers into the program. And just like it took us time to build up the CPA-based program, I think it will take us time here to build up the advertising program.
In terms of penetration, we still have a lot of opportunity left, both in terms of the sellers and listings. I believe the last that we shared was that only $400 million of the listings have advertising associated with them. So there's a lot of opportunity for additional penetration.
I'll let Steve take the second question about how we're thinking about the future.

Yes. So let me start with the U.S. versus international. First off, let me say, I'm really pleased with the momentum we're seeing in the overall business. We're growing at 9% year-over-2-year basis based on the strategic vision we have. Clearly, different dynamics across the market.
So in Q3, our international business was impacted by mobility returning to really pre-COVID level, coupled with an unprecedented snapback in travel and leisure activities in Europe. In addition, as Steve mentioned a little bit earlier, our international cross-border trade sellers were also pressured by supply chain disruptions. That tends to be more in our international segment from a cross-border perspective than in our U.S. segment.
On the other hand, in the U.S., we've seen strong growth driven by momentum in our core business. To your question on the focus categories, it's not a structural change. We actually think the work we're doing applies across the whole globe. It's really a timing thing. So in most of these areas, we actually roll them out in the U.S., get them perfected here and then expand them internationally.
So for example, sneakers is just now launching this quarter in Germany. We launched watches in the U.S. We just started that expansion in the U.K. this quarter. Handbags, we just launched in the U.S. and that hasn't expanded yet. So it's really a timing thing, but we think the playbook that we have is relevant in every single market that we have. Probably with the exception of trading cards and collectibles, that's just so much stronger in the U.S. than it is internationally. But that's a huge U.S. benefit and a lot of the pieces that we're doing there are a key focus for that. But overall, I feel great about the health of the business and our ability to expand those focus categories internationally.
On your second question on P&A, we haven't disclosed the size of the business, but I will say that if you just step back and look at the market, we're in a leading position in P&A, especially in U.K. and in Germany. It's a very strong category and a very strong franchise there. And it's a key part of our path that we talked about last quarter of going from 10% of the site to 20% of the site. 
It's a strong category for eBay because of the vastness of parts and accessories that we have. We actually do a fairly good job with Fitment. I talked last quarter about the My Garage feature and how we've expanded that internationally, which helps with Fitment. We also recently announced a motorcycle parts finder in that business, and it tends to help and be benefited also from a cross-border trade.
To give you a sense of the scale, we've got hundreds of millions of listings in our parts business. And what I'm excited by is one of the first evolutions that we did was take all of that inventory and make it available on our Motors app, which is a dedicated separate app for vehicle enthusiasts, and now you've got vehicles and parts and accessories in a one-stop shop from that perspective. So you'll continue to hear further updates from us about that category. It's our next big category of focus and one where we're coming into it from a position of strength.

Yes. So first, on the friction, the whole idea of bringing commerce and payments together gives us great opportunities to remove friction. So on the selling side, people now only have to set up for a single account and get selling, all of their claims are managed in one place, tons of benefits from there. 
One of the ones that I'm really excited by is that since I worked at eBay the last time starting in 2001, unpaid items have been on this platform forever. And so now we've eliminated it and fixed price virtually. We're doing so in best offer. And so sellers won't have to face that issue and it takes friction out of the platform.
On the buyers side, it allows us to open up new opportunities for different forms of payments. So clearly, we've already integrated Apple Pay and Google Pay, but we launched a partnership with Afterpay in our Australia business for buy now, pay later. Afterpay is a very strong brand in that market, and that's bringing us new customers. It's already at 10% of our business there. And we're continuing to look at new opportunities for forms of payment for our buyers.
Secondarily is on the seller financing side. We launched a partnership in the U.K. with YouLend and opening up more opportunities for sellers now that we're processing such a large volume of payments through the business.
So like I said in the call, the way I look at it is the migration is complete, but we're just getting started in terms of the opportunity of what we can do with commerce and payments together in a single flow and single experience.

Yes. So on the first question, on auction bid density, no, we're not seeing any impact from that. Frankly, that format has actually been really strong because of the strength we're seeing in collectibles where it tends to be a more used format. And I'm excited that we're starting to launch express because that will give our auction sellers the ability to drive some more visibility for them and then to have a tool that they haven't been able to use before.
In terms of the shipping services, this has been a constant march for us. Last year, we expanded in the U.S. to have USPS, UPS and FedEx in there and did the same thing with Royal Mail and Australia Post to greatly exceed the amount of tracking. On the specific shipping test that's going on now, it's kind of too early to tell.
What I would say in general is how to think about this, Brian, is I'm trying to get the whole company focused on how do we make things as simple and as easy to do on the platform. So what we're doing with our new seller flows, with computer vision and trading cards is how do we take all the work out of the listing process. We're trying to do the same type of thing with our sellers and the stores product and making it really easy to get that set up on the platform. And shipping is one of those areas where there's an opportunity to take a lot of the friction out.
So the new partnerships that we've created, the integrated tracking, the smoother returns process is all part of this evolution of just make the whole platform so much easier to use. And so we'll keep you posted on how these tests roll out, but I'm happy with the progress so far.

Yes. So on the first one, look, I've been talking since last July about a game-changing level of trust on the platform, and we've been doing that kind of category by category. So the authentication that we've been doing in the luxury categories really takes trust off the table these 2-year warranties that we put in place for Certified Refurbished does the same thing. 
And eBay actually has a good sized business and industrial business in capital equipment, and bidadoo allows us to put a whole different level of trust in there. They're a long-time seller and partner on eBay and the capabilities that they will bring to that category will help bring a new level of trust and just help buyers and sellers in that category move forward. So that's what I would say on bidadoo.
On the C2C, that's really just the lapping of the COVID dynamics that we saw from last year in terms of the number of sellers that came on during that time period and just some of the macro dynamics. What I'd tell you is I'm really happy with the progress and continue to be a huge focus for us is on our C2C selling experience, bringing them on to the platform, making it extremely easy, making that payment sign-up process really simple. And so that's going to continue to be something that we're going to focus on quarter after quarter because as I mentioned in the past, we -- when we talk about high-value buyers, that includes buyers who sell. So by nature, it helps drive them up their buyer cohort curves as well as by bringing that unique inventory. So we're going to continue to push forward there.
And then, Steve, do you want to take the last one?

Yes. So on your first question, it's a very early test in pilot that we're doing. But the idea is we want buyers to be able to see in real detail the actual item that they're going to be buying. And so you're going to see us launching a couple of sneakers in the coming weeks using this. And it's a very early pilot that we're doing with select sellers.
But it's all about building trust on the platform. I bought a $4,000 Oboe on the platform last year, and it was great. I could see a lot of images, but the opportunity to really get in there in 3D and see what a pre-loved product looks like is an interesting opportunity.
So like I said, it's early, you'll start to see some products that we have using that technology. But what I'm excited by is like the innovation and computer vision, we're using our AI resources and computer vision resources here to do some interesting things that, over time, I think will really change the buying experience on eBay.
To your question on C2C, it looks pretty similar to historical behaviors and consistent in terms of them coming on to the platform, continuing to list and then turning into buyers. What I'd say is the other thing is that a lot of our business sellers actually started out as C2C sellers. So it's another reason we lean in there.
I was visiting with a seller up in Seattle, and he started many years ago. He had an extra set of tires, sold them on eBay and then just started to sell a couple more things than tires, now pivoted several times now runs a huge lug nuts business as a business seller with a warehouse and lots of employees. So that's the other kind of key focus for us on C2C is that's how a lot of our B2C sellers actually got their start in the platform.

Yes. So on the first one, the off-eBay advertising product, let me separate that from the affiliate advertising we do. So an affiliate can actually come on to the platform and be an affiliate. But the two definitely work hand-in-hand together. The whole vision there is really connecting enthusiasts to sellers. So being out on the platforms where those enthusiasts are and letting our sellers partake in that advertising by putting really interesting items in front of those enthusiasts of driving that marketing because eBay has been doing this marketing, and when we do it in cooperation with our sellers, it gives us a really broad reach.
For sellers, it gives them another tool as well to take all the great inventory that they have on eBay and put it out in front of sellers in various communities, in different places in search, et cetera, to really drive that traffic to their business on eBay.
I'll let Steve take the second one, and maybe I'll add on a bit.

It actually ties in well with your first question, Dan, about the advertising product is how do we make sure we're in those places where we actually going to acquire those high-value enthusiasts and putting our focus and intention, not just around the number of buyers that we have on the platform, but much more focused on how we're turning buyers into high-value enthusiasts and how we're altering our marketing plans so that we're out there actually acquiring them onto the platform because that's what drives the real health of the business is the growth of -- the growth of those high-value buyers and how we're doing and connecting those enthusiasts. So good question because the 2 really tie together.