Thanks, Joe, and good afternoon, everyone. Before I turn the call over to Andy to discuss our recent performance and near-term outlook, I will take some time to share thoughts on my return to eBay, highlight a few observations from the quarter and share our vision for the company.
I'm thrilled to be speaking with all of you today as CEO of eBay. I've long admired this unique company for its special culture and its enormous potential. I spent my first 100 days primarily focused on 3 areas: immersing myself in the business, connecting with our buyers and our sellers throughout the world and meeting different teams across the organization. Throughout these engagements, I've been fortunate to observe firsthand the significant opportunity we have ahead of us.
Our purpose has always been to empower people and create economic opportunity for all, and there's never been a better time where this has mattered more than right now. We are a globally recognized brand with a strong heritage, incredible assets and a talented and dedicated team who serve our passionate and loyal customer community. As we look into the future, we have a clear vision to build on these strengths, and through a technology-led reimagination of eBay, we will become the best global marketplace to buy and sell.
Before I get into our vision for the future, I want to frame where we are in the context of today's market. Consumer behavior is rapidly evolving, and this dynamic has been accelerated by COVID-19, contributing to significant volume acceleration and new customer acquisitions. This led to a very strong quarter coming in ahead of the recently increased expectations we shared in early June.
Volume was strong across most major markets in the Marketplaces business, growing 29%, our highest quarterly growth rate in 15 years. We also added approximately 8 million more buyers to bring the annual active buyer base to 182 million. On behalf of our buyers, I want to thank our sellers for doing an amazing job selling and shipping over the past few months.
Organic revenue was up 22%, with strong Marketplaces volume offsetting an anticipated decline in Classifieds. Total margin rate was up 5 points to 34%, and earnings per share was $1.08. The current strength in demand creates a significant opportunity for us as we embark on the next phase while also providing additional capacity for investment, which we are moving with pace to implement. In Q2, we were able to deploy incremental investments into marketing and growth initiatives while still delivering higher margins.
Operationally, our top initiative over the past 2 years, managed payments, just reached a very important milestone as we begin to scale globally. Although the original operating agreement reached the end of its term, PayPal will remain an important partner moving forward as a payment option for buyers. And from a seller perspective, after successful launches in the U.S. and Germany over the past 2 years, we have started migrating sellers in the U.K., Australia and Canada on payments. We expect to transition the majority of all sellers globally over the next 18 months, and we remain on track to realize $2 billion in revenue and $500 million in operating profit in 2022.
Managed payments is a great example of a tech-led reimagination of our marketplace. It provides a simpler and seamless experience for buyers and sellers around the world. Buyers can pay with ease and convenience with more choices of popular local payment methods. And sellers benefit from a streamlined experience, more options on how and when to be paid, and the vast majority of sellers are saving money on fees.
We've also recently concluded our portfolio review, leading to the pending transfer of the Classified business to Adevinta for approximately $9.2 billion. We are excited to bring together 2 highly complementary businesses in order to create the world's largest online classified group with leading positions in 20 countries, covering 1 billion people around the world. With a strong partner in Adevinta, this structure allows us to dedicate our day-to-day focus on -- to Marketplaces. It provides immediate value for shareholders and allows us to participate in the future growth of classifieds.
Against this encouraging backdrop, I'd like to share our long-term vision for eBay. Put simply, our vision is to build on the company's powerful strengths to become the best global marketplace for buyers and sellers through a tech-led reimagination of eBay. We have come a long way in our nearly 25 years, growing from our founder's first sale of a broken laser pointer into a global platform with more than 180 million buyers and tens of millions of sellers worldwide exchanging over $85 billion of goods.
While there are many accomplishments to be proud of, we are not satisfied with where we currently stand. The reality is that, in the past few years, we have not executed to our full potential. New competitors have taken share because we neglected our core area of expertise. We focused on new areas that do not drive sustainable or profitable growth, and to be candid, we did not adapt quickly enough to the rapidly changing needs of our customers. This leaves us with enormous untapped potential that we absolutely must capitalize on. This is what brought me back to eBay, and it's what the leadership team and I are committed to executing against. It will be a multiyear journey, but I believe we can drive long-term sustainable growth and generate significant value for shareholders.
Our ambition is to become the best global marketplace, and that's been built with customers at the center with an acknowledgment that the driving force of our success has always been and must continue to be our leadership in technology. This is why the entire team at eBay is rallying around 3 key priorities to execute on this vision: one, to build compelling next-gen experiences for our enthusiasts; second is become the partner of choice for our sellers; and third is to cultivate lifelong trusted buyer relationships. I will walk through each priority in more detail.
Our first key priority is to defend the core business by building compelling next-gen experiences for enthusiast customers. We will cater to them by focusing on 2 areas of historical strength, consumer selling and vertical experiences. Consumer sellers are dedicated eBay customers who have a proven track record of spending more than double the amount of buyers that don't sell on the platform. This group differentiates our global supply by bringing unique and compelling inventory at great value. We estimate that the average household in our major markets has approximately $4,000 worth of items to resell and is selling less than 20% of that online today.
In addition to making extra money by keeping products in circulation longer, customers are driving social and environmental benefits for all. To lead in consumer selling, here are the areas where we intend to focus. We will simplify the listing flow. It's currently frankly too long and complicated and needs to be dramatically simplified. Next, we need to increase conversion to grow the number of consumer selling enthusiasts. And finally, we must make it easier for sellers to reinvest proceeds from their sales back into the things that they need, want and love on eBay.
One recent consumer selling launch streamlined a local pickup experience by leveraging QR scanning to complete in-person transactions. While we are pleased to see this tech-based simplification, there is a lot more to do to achieve the long-term objective of growing the number of consumer sellers on the platform.
In terms of vertical experiences, we plan to focus on non-new in-season products. Within these categories, we have unique inventory at scale, strong buyer consideration and loyal communities of buyers and sellers who connect through common interests and passions, not just to buy and sell merchandise. This is an important focus for us as approximately half of our volume in major markets comes from these products, and the TAM for these categories is expanding as more off-line inventory transitions online. These categories span from luxury items to parts and accessories and motors to fashion, electronics, collectibles and more, and they represent the core of why people love eBay. Our plan is to focus technology efforts on the evolving needs of these passionate enthusiasts, and we intend to accelerate growth in these categories in the coming years.
The second key priority of our vision is to become the platform of choice for sellers. We will aim to inspire small businesses by introducing tools and features that compel them to start and grow their business on eBay. We will treat them like true partners by making the platform easier to use, grow their brand, drive their sales and carefully protect their reputation. By making eBay more compelling, we plan to grow the number of successful businesses on the platform. Hundreds of thousands of small businesses are already active today, and tens of thousands have recently joined through programs like Up & Running across our global markets.
Recently, we launched several improvements to simplify registration and help sellers start and succeed on the platform. Additionally, we have boosted seller presence by launching Storefronts in the mobile app, and we will continue to iterate the stores experience over time.
Seller Hub tools continue to grow, and in the past quarter, we launched several new features based on customer feedback. To name some improvements, we have started providing real-time competitive pricing and traffic data and also expanded multi-user authentication capabilities. Another great example is Seller Initiated Offers, where sellers can send custom deals directly to buyers, which launched several new features in Q2 and is expected to drive over $1 billion in GMV in 2020. This demonstrates the power of the eBay platform where sellers can connect to individual buyers.
To drive demand for sellers, we continue to augment Promoted Listings capabilities. In the second quarter, Promoted Listings delivered $196 million of revenue, up 124%. We see several growth levers, including further Promoted Listings adoption, conversion improvements and ad product innovation designed to help sellers drive demand and grow their business.
Finally, the third key priority of our strategy is to cultivate lifelong trusted relationships with buyers. We plan to modernize and simplify the experience to drive more purchase frequency by leveraging AI teams to remove friction throughout the buying journey. In our highly rated app, we are delivering features that customers want. In June, we released dark mode on iOS and dark theme on Android, which was the most requested feature by customers, particularly our Gen Z customers. We also simplified search filtering on mobile, which is leading to an increase in sold items and better user efficiency.
We have made significant incremental investments in 3 areas of marketing during Q2: first, we leaned into performance channels, which are delivering higher efficiency due to competitive spend reduction; second, we incented more app downloads and adoption to improve buyer retention; and third, we deployed a multichannel campaign to showcase sellers and continue to attract new small businesses. These SMBs bring great selection and value for buyers to discover.
We will continue to invest in the buyer experience and marketing technology capabilities as we work to foster lifelong trusted relationships with buyers. As we look forward, we have a clear vision to realize the enormous untapped potential of eBay. This will be a multiyear process and will require investment, but through a tech-led reimagination, our plan is to become the best marketplace in the world for buyers and sellers. And our key priorities to deliver this vision are: to build compelling next-gen experiences for enthusiasts; to become the partner of choice for sellers; and to cultivate lifelong trusted buyer relationships.
And while pursuing this vision, we will never lose sight of our purpose, which is to empower people and create economic opportunity for all. It's that purpose that inspired the company and the eBay Foundation to commit an additional $10 million in the second quarter to support COVID-19 relief efforts globally. Additionally, during the quarter, we donated more than $1.3 million in the NAACP Legal Defense Fund and Equal Justice Initiative in an effort to take action against systemic racism and injustice.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Andy to provide more details on our financial performance. Andy?

Yes. Good to hear your voice, Ed. So on the seller side, what we're really focused on is how do we make that initial process of coming on to the platform extremely easy, so simplifying the registration process, simplifying onboarding and simplifying getting up and running on the experience. And then as they progress and build their business on eBay, how do we give them more tools and capabilities to help them continue to grow that business on eBay? We talked about one, which is enhancing our stores product, bringing that into the native app. I'll be honest with you, though. I think we have a lot more work to do in areas like that where we can make it even better and give them increased tools. And so that's going to be a huge focus for us on that second pillar of being the partner of choice for sellers.
On the momentum, we feel great about the 8 million new buyers. It's been -- Yes. That's more than the last 6 quarters combined. And what we're really focused on is turning those buyers into enthusiasts and keeping them on the platform. So you saw us this quarter reinvest in areas like app downloads and convincing new buyers on the platform to get the app. That's where the majority of our transactions happen on the platform. And I talked about some of the innovations that we're doing there like the dark mode on the app, which is exciting, but we're also working on revamping the whole onboarding process for buyers, so how they come in, their first 30 days. And we've just started that this quarter to really take advantage of the new buyers, but that's part of the vision that we've laid out, is really just enhancing that ability to bring buyers along on the journey and increase their lifetime value with us. But we're excited by what we're seeing, excited by the early momentum of what we're witnessing from those buyers.

Yes. So I'll start and take the second one, and then, Andy, maybe you could take the first one. So what I'd say on the demographics of the new buyers that we're bringing is it's really across the board and across all geographies. So all of our major markets saw strong buyer growth, and it's really twofold: it's, one, it's new buyers actually coming on to the platform and then it's also reactivating existing buyers or buyers that had been on the platform but hadn't purchased for us for a while; and then obviously, a huge amount of the growth was also just our existing buyers buying more.
But what we're working on, and you probably saw this in some of the TV advertising that we're doing and some of the digital, is really appealing to the fact that small businesses are bringing unique inventory onto eBay and attracting buyers across the board. A key focus for us over the next couple of years will be our Gen Y customers. It's why we've made certain investments in our sneakers business and growing that and also why a feature like dark mode in mobile and app also appeals to a younger demographic. So it will be a continued focus for us, Brian, over the next quarters and years.
Andy, do you want to take the first one?

Yes. So on the first one, Doug, on the technology side, you're absolutely right, a huge focus for us. So first off, we have a really great world-class technology team and a lot of different geographies in the business. But we are focusing on augmenting that with even new capabilities. So we're building up our capabilities in AI and data science and computer vision. You may have seen features like easy image enhancing for our sellers. All that's coming out of kind of a next-gen technology group that we've been building out. But it's a key focus for us because in the tech-led reimagination, this company has been and always will be about how to create those game-changing technologies.
To be candid, though, there's also areas where we've got to get off of old legacy technology. So part of it is just moving off of some of the older technology stack and modernizing that. The good news is that's in progress, but we're accelerating even that work.
On the Classifieds deal, what I'd say is that we're really excited by the combination of the assets that our Classifieds business combined with Adevinta. When you look at the 2 of them together, it creates 20 leading markets in the Classifieds business and creates the world's largest online classifieds business. So we're excited because it not only gives value to shareholders in the short term but allows us to participate in the long-term potential of this exciting new venture.
And then the third thing that was important for us is now that we've divested StubHub and with this transfer of assets on Classifieds, it allows the whole management team, all of our technologists, the whole organization to focus on the Marketplace business. And as I stated in my remarks, I see a lot of untapped potential in that business, but there's also areas where we haven't kept pace. And so I think that focus will also be good for the whole organization.

Yes. So great question. I'll start with the liquidity one. One of the benefits of the managed payments that we're launching and scaling here, we added several new countries and now we're able to really grow and ramp that with the changes a week ago with the expiration of the PayPal agreement, is the exact ability to do what you're saying. So to make it easier for sellers and buyers to have their whole kind of wallet and payments contained on the platform, it gives us more flexibility of things of -- that we can do to really make that easy for them. And so obviously, that transference is a huge benefit.
The other thing I would say is that just getting buyers to sell, so just getting them to try it out, bring some inventory on, makes them a better buyer. And it's because they've played on both sides of the marketplace. They've experienced the power of eBay. And so what we've seen is there's a more than doubling of benefit to their buying behavior just by getting them to try selling. So we're really happy with that flywheel effect, and that's something we're going to continue to lean into. As I talked about that first pillar of consumer selling, that's a key piece of it.
To your question on the inventory, it's -- we feel really beneficial because of the open and level playing field that we have. We can bring on that new consumer selling inventory, which is really valuable to have on the platform because it attracts a lot of buyers along with the SMB inventory that's there. And when I say we're focusing and kind of getting back to non-new in-season, it's not saying that you're not going to be able to buy a ton of new product, in-season product on eBay. We'll have that and always have that. But in terms of a focus, we think there's this massive opportunity, $500 billion in what eBay is fantastic and unique at, and we can build great fertile experiences. We can attract that supply. And that's where I believe there's just an enormous amount of untapped potential in going after it. And so really making sure that we nail everything about the buying experience end to end, having extreme customer focus will allow us to capture the potential.

Yes. So look, what we're really focused on is how do we improve the overall experience between buyers and sellers and create a really healthy business in the long term. So I think the things that we've laid out lead us to a long-term healthy growth of the core Marketplace business. We're not going to quantify the long term of what those numbers are, but I think the steps that we're going to take there will get us to a point where we're driving healthy growth.
In terms of the capital allocation, we're going to stick really to the capital tenets that we've been talking about all along. And Andy, do you just want to reiterate what those are?

Yes. So on the first question, it's 2 parts. It's one about where we're focusing our technology investments, and a key part of that is that I think, for quite some time, we were chasing a little bit the new in-season and not really focused on what's the core experience and how do we leverage technology in those key core verticals where eBay has an amazing stronghold and in the inventory in non-new in-season where there's over $500 billion opportunity. And so to be candid, I feel like there are certain areas where we've let niche competitors take business away from eBay that should be done on eBay and shows you the potential that we have on eBay if we really focus our technology efforts in those areas that we know are features, tools, capabilities and new experiences that help buyers and sellers connect.
A small example of that is, while we don't have a huge pickup business, there's a lot of categories where people do meet in person to exchange goods. And we just made it more seamless through these QR codes for the buyer and the seller. It's kind of a magical experience. The money flows, and that's the benefit of doing managed payments and technology together, is we can create those experiences for buyers and sellers.
On the managed payments side, what we're really focused on right now is scaling that business. So we've got a lot of work left to do in kind of opening up all of the remaining geographies, bringing more sellers on, et cetera. But once we do hit that point, yes, like we were talking about earlier, there's opportunities to do more and help connect and make it more streamlined for sellers on the payments.
We do have a buy now, pay later option or a monthly pay option. That's in partnership with PayPal. PayPal continues to be an option for how to pay on the platform and a key partner for us. But to answer your question, yes, we'll be continually looking at ways that we make buying and selling via payments easier, and managed payments gives us that flexibility.

Yes. Then what I'd say on the managed payments side is a couple of encouraging things. One is the feedback that we're getting from sellers, generally very positive. The vast majority of them will see lower fees and have a simpler fee structure with the result of rolling it out. And a lot of them have signed up preregistered, so waiting for when we can open up the platform, which we did 2 weeks ago. And I would say the same thing on the buyers side, especially for a new buyer, creates a lot less friction. And so we are excited and optimistic for what that means for the overall experience.
And when I talk about a tech-led reimagination, payments is the perfect example. It just makes the whole experience easier and better. We committed to it and put a lot of resources behind making it a great experience. And so far, that's the feedback that we've been getting by both buyers and sellers.

Yes. So our incentive structure really hasn't changed over the years, and it's based on a combination of top and bottom line. On the M&A opportunities and the acceleration of the focus, what I'd say has changed is the whole organization is now really focused on the vision that I've outlined. Now that -- without StubHub and now with Classifieds transferred in Adevinta, you've got the whole organization thinking about this overall tech-led reimagination from technology, marketing, product and these 3 kind of key focus areas. And so yes, we will look at opportunistic M&A where we think we can really help accelerate that focus on the core business.
But like I said before, we see a huge amount of untapped potential just in going after these key experiences in key verticals of getting back to the kind of core C2C selling and moving this idea of, -- I think, for some years, we were acquiring buyers at all costs and really focusing on how do we turn buyers into lifelong trusted relationships and putting all of our efforts across product, marketing, technology, et cetera, around that focus. And I think it's that focus and that lean in on the technology side in a big way that's going to allow us to capture it.

Yes. So look, this quarter, on the marketing side -- Heath, great question. On the marketing side, we were able to lean in pretty well to the new buyers that we are acquiring, so both with kind of brand advertising, talking about the small businesses but also in a less competitive environment on the performance side of the business. When I talk about marketing, it's not just the spend, but it's also just our CRM programs, how we communicate, how we leverage things like e-mail notifications, et cetera. And I think that we've built some good capabilities over the years, but I think we have a massive opportunity there to help buyers get up the life cycle in an even better way. So that will also be an opportunity that we're really focused on.
On the channel mix, we have the benefit of obviously having lots of different channels for driving it. I would say the newest ones that we're really focused on are acquiring the Gen Y customers and looking at new opportunities in paid social and going after and making sure that customer's attracted. I talked to kind of really understanding the categories that attract that demographic onto the platform. And so I think you'll see slight shifts in terms of the marketing mix that we're looking at. But overall, we tend to leverage all the channels that we have to maximize the ROI that we can get off of that spend. And as I talked about, we're really focused on how do we get not just a new buyer onto the platform but how we turn that new buyer into an enthusiast. And that's where I think the real unlock and the power of the model lies.