Thanks, Selim. Good afternoon. In Q1, we delivered good results that were in line with our expectations. Total GMV and revenue were up 7%, while active buyers grew 4% to 171 million. GMV and revenue in our Marketplace platform grew at 7%, with U.S. Marketplace GMV growing at 7%, while international GMV grew 6%. StubHub platforms grew volume at 13%, and Classified platforms grew revenue at 10%. Finally, we returned $1 billion to our shareholders through our share repurchase program, and we recently announced the acquisition of Giosis Japan, expanding our presence in one of the largest e-commerce markets in the world.
As I've consistently communicated, we're focused on delivering the best choice, the most relevance and a powerful selling platform while also sharpening our brand. This includes ongoing work to build an extensive product catalog, launching and scaling new finding experiences and more recently beginning to build payment intermediation capabilities on eBay. In Q1, we made progress on each of these areas. Let me share some examples.
Over the past year, we moved the majority of our SEO and paid search traffic to land on new product and browse pages that use our product catalog. We've also begun using our catalog to simplify both business and consumer selling, with sellers now being able to save time and money by relying on catalog-level attributes to list and promote their inventory. This quarter, we began focusing our efforts on organic traffic, launching a full product-based commerce experience to a subset of buyers in the U.S. Users searching for a number of specific products are now landing directly on a product-based search result. This is an important first step towards moving a material amount of our GMV to product-driven experiences over time.
In Q2, we plan to roll this experience out to more products such as iPhones, iPads, TVs and kitchen appliances. We believe this will simplify eBay's search as well as better highlight our natural inventory and price advantages. We'll continue to expand this effort over the next 6 months with a focus on driving higher conversion.
We're also scaling the new authentication and guaranteed delivery services we launched in Q4. This quarter, we expanded authentication to several European markets and into the luxury watch category. Conversion on authenticated inventory is twice that of similar non-authenticated inventory, which highlights the importance buyers place on trust for high-value purchases. With guaranteed delivery, we're seeing increased buyer purchase frequency and high satisfaction scores. With only a small number of sellers currently invited into the program, we have over 30 million items live in the U.S., which is a sizable increase from Q4, and many sellers who are using guaranteed delivery are seeing significant increases in sales.
Brand advertising continues to be a key investment area for us with ongoing activations across our major markets. We saw some early positive movement on consideration metrics in Q1. Changing consumer perception and behavior takes significant time, but this early validation is a helpful guidepost. In Q2, you will see our brand campaign evolve to directly address the eBay value proposition, clearly explain our inventory and price advantages and define what makes eBay unique.
We recently announced our Spring Seller Update, which included a number of improvements to existing programs, including expansion of guaranteed delivery to more sellers, a streamlined shipping label experience, improved price guidance, a simpler returns policy and enhanced seller protection.
We also expanded our first-party advertising program with the launch of Promoted Listings Lite, which is focused on smaller sellers. We continue to get significant traction with promoted listings. We had nearly 200,000 sellers advertise 130 million items in the quarter, driving more than 200% year-on-year revenue growth.
Finally, we're taking definitive steps to deliver the intermediated payments opportunity that we laid out in January. We made excellent progress in Q1 on our product build and go-to-market plans while also finalizing the commercial agreement with PayPal to be a form of payment, among others, in our new intermediated payments experience. We'll launch an employee beta this summer and then incorporate our learnings into an initial market test, where we'll further learn and iterate. We expect to start small and grow our penetration, building towards intermediating up to 5% of GMV in North America this year. We've received very positive market feedback from sellers who see the potential advantage of more efficient payment process, better economics and increased buyer demand.
StubHub had a good quarter, driven by strong international growth, a record Super Bowl and a strong college football playoff performance. And we recently announced the hiring of Sukhinder Singh Cassidy as StubHub's new President.
Our Classified platform delivered another quarter of double-digit growth with continued strong performance in eBay Kleinanzeigen and good growth in our emerging markets. We continue to drive meaningful synergy between our platforms. And in Q1, we launched the new motors offering for dealers in the U.K., which combines eBay Motors and Gumtree. We're also growing eBay listings on classifieds, which we expect to deliver nearly $200 million of GMV this year.
Finally, as I mentioned earlier, we recently announced the deal to expand our presence in Japan, one of the largest e-commerce markets in the world. With the acquisition of Giosis Japan, a leading e-commerce platform, combined with our existing export business, we will now have a Japanese business that generates over $1 billion of GMV annually with strong double-digit growth and a large market opportunity. Through this acquisition, we will be able to offer Japanese consumers more access to eBay's global inventory and broaden our presence in a dynamic, underpenetrated market with strong potential.
In summary, we continue to make progress, improving the eBay customer experience while delivering strong operating results. As I've indicated previously, this improvement won't always be linear, but Q1 was a good start to the year, and we're confident in our ability to deliver on our full year commitment.
Now let me turn it over to Scott, and he'll provide more details on our quarterly results and our outlook.

Thanks for the question. On the first, I guess what I'll just say is this has been an ongoing journey we've been at for the last 2 years. We've seen, in the aggregate, both at the edge and in the aggregate, conversion pickups as we move to structured data experiences. The rollout of that is not uniform everywhere in the world. We have some differences country by country. That includes -- even if you look at the experience that would -- what happened not only in core eBay search but out in SEO and out on the edge, I'd say we're pleased with where we are. We obviously wouldn't be rolling it out if we weren't getting conversion gains. You can expect us to continue to roll that out throughout the balance of the year. And as I said, that will start in Q2 with us rolling a whole new bunch of products and categories into this product-based search. And from there, we'll continue to widen. It's a continual process of test and learn. It's not linear, but I think we are where we expected to be, and we're pretty pleased with the results. I'd say moving to the catalog-based approach, our brand and the other experiences that we've rolled out have been direct contributors to the acceleration and growth we've seen over the last 18 months to 2 years, and we continue to expect that.

Yes, thanks for the question. I'll take them. On Flipkart, look, I won't speculate or comment on what Walmart may or may not do. I'll just reiterate what our relationship with Flipkart is, which is we made a meaningful investment last year. We have an exclusive commercial relationship that has roughly 3 years left to run, and that is a relationship that makes us both the exclusive importer and exporter of goods on the Flipkart Marketplace. We're happy with that partnership. We'll wait and see how things evolve, but I won't comment because we're not a party to any conversations that may or may not be happening with Flipkart or other parties. On GDPR, we feel like we're ready for GDPR. We've been working on this for quite a while. We have partners in advertising, and we're waiting to see how those partners comply. I think it's less a matter of compliance and perhaps it's a matter of what requirements they have or don't have, and that's still evolving. But I feel really good about where we are, our readiness, our regulatory compliance. And I know everybody in the industry is watching it, and we'll watch it very carefully.

Yes, thanks. Good question. I'm really excited about this acquisition. The reason the time was right is we've had investment in Giosis for...

Yes, since 2009. And they have been steadily building. And now we feel like they're reaching network effects and exit velocity. It's a business at scale. As I mentioned, we're now at $1 billion. And the growth has been really strong and really consistent. And we feel like they're getting a lot of Japanese buyers, particularly millennial buyers. Their growth has been very consistent, and they have not yet had the benefit of global supply, to the second part of your question. So we felt like this is the time. They are reaching that tipping point where it's becoming a scaled, meaningful high-growth platform. We think we can add a lot of benefit to Giosis and they can help us. So they have a nice, broad Japanese seller base that will complement our smaller base, which has been exporting, and we'll take all of that inventory and export it to all of our marketplaces around the world like we do. And the first thing we'll do is we'll bring eBay's global supply into Japan for the benefit of Japanese consumers. So I'm really excited by this. And I agree with you, Japan's been a large market. It has not really been meaningful to eBay for its 21-year history, and my hope is that now it will, and we're really excited.

Thanks, Heath. I appreciate it. The first part on FX, I think the question is just, does it -- when you net all the flows out, does it have a meaningful impact? Generally, I don't think it really does. I mean, Scott, I don't know if you have anything to add.

Yes, and Heath, on the second part of your question, we are being aggressive about marketing and brand. I'm glad we are. We are trying -- first of all, we're trying -- keep in mind that now both promotions and many things that were out of the marketing line are now in it since we've adopted the new accounting standards. We've -- first of all, on brand, we're going to keep that on. We're seeing early signs. We've always said it would take a long time. And we do think the payoff is large, but it takes time. And we're going to keep that on and keep evolving the brand campaign. And we -- this is one of the top brands in the world, but we think that there's a big opportunity to close the consumer consideration gap. There should be more people shopping on eBay because it's a great product with great inventory. And there are some that just don't consider us because they don't know what we do. So we're going to work hard to close that gap. It takes time, but I'm really glad that we're doing that. The second component is promotions, and promotional activity is now in that line, and we're experimenting with a lot of different things. Now that we feel that our product is evolving, we're getting better conversion. We like the experience that our consumers are getting. We're being aggressive and experimental with our promotions, and we're always disciplined. But we did some promotions this quarter, last quarter, Q1, that we haven't done before, like in the U.S. And in general, we were happy with what we saw, and we'll keep experimenting with that. So right now, we're happy with where we are. We always watch our marketing expense carefully for a return on investment, and we're leaning in to drive not just growth but our future barriers to entry on things like our brand.

Yes, thanks. On the NFL, I think we mentioned this a quarter or 2 ago, but we signed a deal with the NFL to be one of their partners in the secondary ticket market. What that means is that we'll integrate with the teams in the NFL so that we can now have barcode scanning and mobile ticketing, seamless ticketing. So that's a real positive. That means both we'll have high-quality supply directly from NFL teams and a great customer experience with lower customer support because we see lower customer issues and customer support when we have fully integrated tickets and mobile scanning. So we're really happy with that, and it's great to be a partner with the NFL. I think what we said at the time, and I still believe, is the net impact of that might be slightly positive to growth and slightly negative to the -- to expenses because we're obviously paying a share for those integrated tickets. It's early -- the NFL just announced their schedule, I think, a few days ago, so it's a little early to gauge how that is all going. But it's -- we've been really happy with the relationship we have with Major League Baseball, and this is similar to that. It's a similar arrangement where we're partnered with the league and what we're getting is high-quality supply and a great fan experience through integration, and in return, we're giving up a little bit of that revenue.

Colin, to your question on marketing and linearity, as you know, we spend marketing across a number of different levers. And so you when you step back across all of those levers, it was relatively linear. But now that contra-revenue for buyers is in marketing expense, what you'll see is the kind of within month, within week incentives that we drive to take advantage of what's going on in the market. So for instance, as we started to see a little bit of a delay and the opportunity -- in tax payments and the opportunity to jump in and kind of incent the buyer base and our nonbuyer base to be able to activate on eBay in a more material way, you saw us lean in more in March than you have in the past. And you're seeing some of those big coupons that were out there trying to drive higher ASP, higher item -- higher-value items on the site. And yes, I think you should expect that to continue. We've been signaling that for a number of quarters, that between brand and our marketing incentives, that we'll be out trying to bring new active buyers in this ecosystem and drive GMV.

I think I've said on almost every call for the last 1.5 years that we're very focused on brands. We're not particularly focused on big retailers. Brands are increasingly coming to eBay. We're extremely pleased with the rate of brand acquisition. I think they're coming to eBay because the retail landscape is changing. They get sales from multiple channels that may not be around in a few years, and they're looking at their alternatives. And eBay is one of the very few at-scale marketplaces in the world, and we don't compete with our sellers. That's very rare and very unique. So brands that may, years ago, have been skeptical of selling on eBay are now successfully coming to our platform, and they are coming at an increasing rate. There was a time when eBay was very focused on big retailers. We're not now. That doesn't mean that we wouldn't situationally partner with a big retailer here or there, but we're not at all dependent on big retailers for our GMV. And quite frankly, it's not an area of significant focus for us. It is about brands and it's about our small and medium-sized sellers. That's always been the engine of our growth.

Yes, look, we're disciplined marketers. We are marketing more aggressively, but it hasn't changed our overall philosophy. We measure marketing really carefully. We don't buy growth. We care that the customer cohorts we bring in have a positive customer lifetime value. And there are new tools in our arsenal, and we're trying many of them. Some of them, we're happy with; some of them, we're not. And we'll try and we won't repeat. But I suspect that you'll see us evolve into acquiring healthy customer cohorts and reactivating our existing base are the 2 most important -- 2 most important priorities of our marketing spend. Always has been. It just that the means are evolving. On one -- on advertising, just to remind you, we've been on this journey now for a year or 2 where we are growing a first-party advertising business, which is existing sellers on our Marketplace can promote their items, and we have been short -- slowly but surely moving out of some of the third-party advertising that really was almost all of the advertising business that we have on the Marketplace. We would never entirely get out of third-party advertising. We still think there's healthy advertising. But basically, we're on a journey to which if you're a brand or you're a seller and you want our significant customer base or volume, you've got to have a store on eBay and you've got to promote it through 1P. We're now -- a year ago, we said it was starting to scale, and obviously, we've talked about this the last 3 quarters. This is a rapidly growing, exciting business now. Last quarter, we saw 200% growth. It doesn't yet really show up because we're bleeding third party down as we grow first party, but eventually, we think that is going to be a meaningful contributor to growth. We think there's lots of runway. Although our growth is fast, we're under-penetrated. And there's a lot of room to grow the first-party business, and we're very, very focused on that. So I -- it's one of the things that we think will be a growth driver of this business for the next several years.