Thanks, Selim. Good afternoon, everyone. In Q3, total GMV was up 5%, and revenue was up 6%, while our active buyer base grew 4% to 177 million. Underlying these results, GMV on our Marketplace platform grew 5%. Our StubHub platform grew volume at 7%, and our Classified platform grew revenue at 11%. Scott will go into more detail on our financial results in his section.
We continue to make foundational investments to improve the long-term health and competitiveness of our Marketplace this quarter while setting the stage for significant growth opportunities in Payments and Advertising. New eBay users are responding well to the evolution of our platform. But as we mentioned last quarter, our existing buyer base has been slower to adapt to these changes. This has limited our ability to scale some new experiences.
And as we plan coming into Q3, we made significant marketing investments this quarter, with a focus on buyer incentives and top-of-funnel activities such as our brand campaign. While some of these activities were successful and will scale, others did not deliver a sufficient return. These dynamics, coupled with the impact of a strong dollar on our U.S. export business, led to a 2 point deceleration in Marketplace volume growth this quarter.
Setting eBay up for future growth requires us to continue to build a comprehensive catalog, further simplify and improve the user experience and address customer imperatives such as trust in shipping. It also requires that we redefine perceptions of eBay's brand and business. Given that we have a large, stable and successful business but must also build for the future, we're shifting our tactics to balance the needs of a habituated base of customers who are used to shopping on eBay in a certain way while pursuing an even larger base of potential customers who have different expectations. We'll continue to focus on delivering significant product experience changes for new customers while evolving the experience for our existing base of users at a more measured pace.
Similarly, we'll continue to market our brand, but we plan to target our marketing to focus more heavily on acquiring new buyers while reducing our overall investment. We expect that this will result in slower growth for a period of time as we grow our user base and change the mix of customers. However, this will also allow us to deliver strong earnings growth over this period of time through operational margin expansion and ongoing aggressive capital return while positioning the business for stronger growth in 2020 as Payments and Advertising continue to ramp.
Let me now discuss some of the progress we're making to improve the eBay user experience. Structured data powered services are delivering benefits in SCO, consumer selling flows, price recommendations and new shipping services. We've taken the next step in building our comprehensive catalog by enabling sellers to contribute product information to our catalog for the first time, which will improve accuracy and coverage over time. And we continue testing new iterations of product-based commerce to find a balanced experience that drives higher conversion for both our new and existing consumers.
Ultimately, achieving this balance is the key to enabling a scaled rollout for the experience. One of our key initiatives is to improve the shipping experience on eBay, and that's Guaranteed Delivery. This experience continues to gain share in the U.S., exiting the quarter with 9% of U.S. volume, and we recently launched this service in Australia. We're also reducing friction across our platform, simplifying registration and checkout while allowing unregistered users to save searches and add items to watch list without the need for an account. And we continue to scale our new consumer listing flow, which leverages our catalog to simplify the selling process, which is leading to improved conversion of sale.
Looking at marketing. We rolled out the latest iteration of our brand campaign this quarter. We plan to continue activation of our brand messages, which highlight eBay as a mainstream commerce destination across multiple channels throughout the holiday shopping period. But we will further target and segment marketing spend, driving efficiency in our overall investment.
As we've discussed previously, Advertising and Payments are 2 significant opportunities in front of us. Our total Marketplace Advertising portfolio is expected to top $600 million this year. Within this, we expect Promoted Listings to represent approximately $180 million. The strong growth of Promoted Listings has enabled us to continue to reduce our reliance on nonstrategic third-party advertising. In Q3, we began expanding Promoted Listing placements, and we've seen positive results across the board. We now have over 400,000 sellers promoting over 160 million listings, leading to revenue growth of 120%. We have further aggressive expansion plans for this service, and we believe that our total Advertising portfolio has the potential to contribute $1 billion in annual revenue in the next few years.
Looking at Payments. We're a month into our multiyear managed payment journey, and we are more excited than ever about this opportunity. Our new experience is live, and it's working well in the U.S. With an early product, we have over 3,000 sellers enabled -- and they have enabled 900,000 transactions and 38 million of GMV thus far, which represents an annual run rate of over $0.5 billion. From the buyer perspective, our guest checkout buyers who have historically indexed to credit card payments are showing higher conversion, and Apple Pay already has a 12% share of addressable volume.
As I've said previously, managing our payments flow will allow us to simplify the end-to-end experience for buyers and sellers. In particular, most sellers can expect reduced cost for payment processing with a simplified selling process and access to more buyers who will have more payment choices. Sellers are already realizing significant savings and a simpler interface with one place to manage their eBay business. We're working to expand the program with more sellers driving more volume and realizing more savings as we ramp to 5% in the U.S. At the same time, we'll continue to improve the experience, implementing new features and functionality, including new payment methods such as PayPal.
Shifting focus to other platforms. StubHub delivered modest volume acceleration in Q3, driven primarily by strength in concerts, partially offset by a weaker NFL performance. And Classified growth accelerated as well with continued strength in our German platforms, Kleinanzeigen and mobile.
In summary, we will continue to make investments to improve the long-term health and competitiveness of our Marketplace. We are evolving our approach and plan to further target our product and marketing resources to address the needs of both new and existing users. At the same time, we will invest aggressively to deliver significant growth opportunities in Payments and in Advertising. While this will result in a period of slower top line growth, we will grow operating income through margin expansion, and we'll continue to aggressively return capital to deliver strong earnings growth.
Let me now turn to Scott to provide more details on our quarterly financial results and on our outlook.

Yes, thanks for the question. I mean, that is, in essence, the opportunity, what you just said, which is for the last period of time we've been growing in triple digits, as we said, we expect to continue to grow in triple digits next year, and I think that there are opportunities on both the source and the demand side. So on the source side, we continue to see more and more sellers adopt this. We're opening it up to more placements, and we're opening it up to more opportunities for sellers to promote their listings. So as an example, for a long period of time, consumer sellers didn't have that opportunity. Now they do. And business sellers are getting more chances in different parts of our product flows to promote at their option. I'll remind you that promoting a listing is an option for a seller. It's not a requirement. On the other side, ultimately, we've moved to fixed placements within both search and merchandising and some wares on our view item page. But I think that where it will ultimately move is that an algorithm will decide. There won't be fixed positions. There will ultimately be a unified way that we can monetize pixels on every screen. And there may be some flows where it doesn't make sense to have any Promoted Listings because of cannibalization, and there may be other flows where they may all be promoted because that's the highest way that we can monetize on behalf of not only ourselves but on behalf of our sellers. So there is a lot of runway. I mean, I really think we're in the first inning of this, and we're -- I want to also be clear, we're going to be very careful of the buyer experience. We don't think a good buyer experience is to have every pixel on every page promoted. We've done a lot of good work simplifying and clarifying relevance and personalization. We don't want Promoted Listings to undermine it, but we don't think that it will. And we think we have so much runway for buyers and sellers on this that it will be -- as we said in the prepared remarks, Advertising and Payments are 2 big new businesses on top of the existing eBay business.

Well, I guess what I'll say -- all I'll say is what we've said before, which is, we have a unique situation. The eBay brand is very well recognized but not always well understood, and we're very proud of the user experience. We think it's excellent, and it's evolved so much even over the last couple of years. And we're seeing this, that new buyers are responding really well to the changes that we've made in the last few years. So we need more of them. And I think part of that is messaging our brand. Brands are harder to measure than our lower funnel spend, as Scott said, but we're committed to it. We'll use all channels, and it will take time. This is 1 of the top 30 brands in the world. It's very well habituated. So it does take time to change the perception of it, but we are committed to it. We will move it, and we will make sure that we invest appropriately and don't waste money while doing it.

Thanks for the question. Certain of our services have been well received across the board, and others have been -- take more time. And an example of something that takes more time that is really going well with new customers but is taking more time is full product-based commerce experience, where we fully compress the product side. What we see is that, as you would expect, new customers who don't -- haven't shopped with eBay before come to it and they respond very well to that. Existing customers, some of them shop on eBay, they've been shopping at eBay for 20 years, so it's a new experience. And there's always some friction when you change an experience. I think some of it is time and habituation. Some of it is education. And as we said, our approach is going to change a little bit, which does slow things down a bit, and that is we'll go fast with new customers and we'll go slower with the existing base. And over time, the mix will change. So we're still very confident in what we're doing, and we do believe that the existing base will evolve and it will come along. But we are very conscious that we don't want to screw up the existing ecosystem. We want -- we have a good, stable base of customers, a very successful business, and we don't want to disrupt that. So we'll be more aggressive with the new and we'll go a bit slower with the existing buyers. And eventually, we'll get them both there.

Thanks for the question. Let me do the second one, and then Scott will talk about FX. Look, we're really clear eyed about our portfolio. I mean, we have always done the right thing for shareholders. And remember, going back to selling stakes in MercadoLibre and Flipkart, we sold eBay Enterprise at the time of the PayPal spin, so we don't approach the world as we need to collect assets. With that said, we think this is the right portfolio. The reason is we've got market-leading positions in these assets, and we are adding significant value to them. They don't stand in a vacuum. They're not floating in space inside an eBay ecosystem. We are helping those assets quite a bit through the core -- synergies with the core. So again, we'll -- we've never said never to anything. Our job is to create value for shareholders, but this is the right portfolio for the company now, we believe. We'll always evaluate it. And our standard is do we have a market leader and are we adding unique value to it. And with StubHub and Classifieds, the answer is, yes, we are.

Yes, thanks for the question, Brian. On Payments, we're really happy with where we are. We have some product features and functions to roll out. As we said, PayPal will become a form of payment within managed payments at some point next year. We'll enter the second market at some point next year. But we're completely focused on customer benefits. We are completely focused on driving an integrated product experience at lower cost for sellers and payment choice for buyers, and that's exactly on our road map. And as I said, whatever we are, month, a little more than a month in, and this is going exactly as we would've hoped at this early stage. And what's really encouraging is that we're delivering real benefits to customers. You see it in the form of payment choices buyers are making. You see it in the savings and the feedback that we're getting from sellers. I'm really -- look, it's a long road but it's not that long. I'll remind you that the operating agreement with PayPal is up in June of 2020, and after that, we're free to do whatever we want. And we're racing as fast as we can to deliver customer benefits to get to that date. On EGD, we are investing in delivery. And we're seeing really good results with Guaranteed Delivery, and the share is going up. We're going to keep driving it up. I think the question is, do we need to invest more? I'm not sure right now. It's -- within the framework Scott discussed in '19, we will be making incremental investments in our delivery experience. The one thing I don't think we need to do is deploy large amounts of capital to build a warehouse strategy. I've never thought that. I don't believe that. And I think that we use data and we use the diversity of our inventory to close the gap. And just as one example, as we've said before, 2/3 of packages are delivered within 2 business days in the United States. That's pretty good, particularly given the breadth of our inventory. And we do that without a warehouse strategy. So we're going to keep driving hard to close delivery gaps. We're going to keep driving hard to give customers increased penetration of free, more clarity on tracking and time, but we're on the right trajectory. Customers are responding well to that.

Yes, I'll let Scott handle the second part and let me handle the first. Let me start by saying this again. We are the only marketplace in the world that handles payments and checkout the way that we do because of the very unique relationship and history with PayPal. So I absolutely believe, aside from the direct economics, that we will have more buyers because there are many buyers in many jurisdictions where they have a preferred means of payment that we don't offer. And this unique situation of, in essence, of favoring/requiring PayPal for buyers, look, I think PayPal is a great company and there are a lot of customers who want to use PayPal and they will be able to. But there are -- we could give you dozens of examples of other payment choices that people want to make that we don't make available today, and we're going to as this rolls out. On the seller side, I don't want to minimize that as well. We need to reduce sellers' costs. We need to deliver an integrated product experience. Every other marketplace that you can mention, every other digital marketplace, handles the way that they provide information to their sellers or their drivers or their home renters in one place. They say, here's your transactions and here's where the money went. Only in this eBay world do we say, here are your transactions and then go somewhere else to figure out where the money went. It really makes no sense, and that's the essence of what we're doing. We're going to bring it together for sellers. That means better economics for sellers and more competitiveness and ultimately a better checkout experience not just on payment choice but seamless checkout. I am very optimistic that when we get there to the other side, and the majority of our transaction volume is through managed payments, we won't just pick up the direct economics of it. We'll also pick up a better experience, and we'll see a direct impact on accelerating Marketplace dynamics.

M&A has and will continue to be part of our playbook. I think we need to continue to maintain a really strong balance sheet, in part to return capital to shareholders, as Scott said, and in part to capitalize opportunities as they come up. We're disciplined acquirers. I think that's the important thing to hear. We don't swing wildly at things. We have bought companies. We will buy companies. But we believe in our organic future. So we'll buy something when it can add to our organic future but not to replace it. We have a lot of confidence on the path we're on. And if M&A can supplement that, then that's great, we'll do it. But we don't -- if implicit in the question was we have to buy something to replace the path we're on, we don't believe that at all. And I think for our investors, they don't want us to do that. I think our investors want us to be disciplined capital allocators, and we've been that, and we'll continue to be that.

Yes, thanks for the question, Colin. On the seller base, I don't -- our business seller base continues to grow, and we're really happy with our inventory mix. We continue to grow the inventory on the Marketplace. If anything, this has been more of a demand side issue than a supply side issue over the last year. It's been the constraint on faster growth. It's been more demand side than supply side. I think the one caveat to that is something that we've talked about on prior calls, which is we continue to see good traction with brands, and we continue to evolve our brand experience so that brands have a comfortable place to sit within the eBay Marketplace. And by brands, I don't just mean direct from brands but authorized resellers as well. So just recently, in the last couple of weeks, we rolled out a new direct from brand, direct from authorized reseller experience that you can see on the Marketplace. And the number of brands continues to grow because brands want choice. They want to sell on a marketplace that has 177 million customers and doesn't compete with them. And that's pretty rare, and we're almost the only game in town that can say that. On the Payments side -- or on the Promoted Listings side, again, I think it may be that we can acquire different types of inventory over time. But right now, we're seeing good traction with SMBs. We're seeing good traction with brands. We continue to grow on that. eBay has never been bigger in the number of business, sellers or the amount of inventory as it is today. So I -- there may be opportunities, but again, I think more of the approach is how we approach the buyer side and navigate this divide between the existing and the new customers. And that's kind of where some of the focus was in our remarks.

Yes, thanks for both questions. I don't have the exact breakdown of Promoted Listings Lite versus Promoted Listings, but I don't think it's that meaningful a distinction. It's just some of that was just the way we segmented the product to allow consumers to adopt, and I think they're both basically a promoted listing placement. There's no difference in pricing, monetization or anything else. So I'd say that we continue to see good traction across the board with Promoted Listings. And as we said, we'll continue to as we drive triple-digit growth in that area. On the brand, we continue to evolve it. I'd also distinguish. When you run a brand campaign, what gets the most attention is a TV spot, but TV's only one element of it. There are multiple aspects to it. There is social. There is the way we reach people through CRM. There is even the on-site experience is brand. For me, what brand is, is about educating people about eBay, not about a particular thing that we're asking them to buy or sell. And yes, that message will continue to evolve. You'll see an evolution for holiday. You'll start to see the evolution even in the next few weeks as we evolve the campaign to be more direct. I think what's important is that eBay is a dynamic, vibrant place. We don't want the messages to be boring. There's a role for tutorials, and there's a role for brand. eBay is a dynamic, exciting marketplace. We want to convey that while conveying our relevance and the attributes of our business as they exist in 2018. So we're trying to get both of those right. And yes, you'll see it continue to evolve, and we've got a full plan for this holiday across all channels. And we'll do a lot of what you just said in various medium starting in the next few weeks.

Thanks. On the first part, look, I think this period is a transitional period as we both move the base along to a significant evolution of our platform and prepare for what I hope will be an exciting 2020 and beyond. So no, I don't think it's a permanent approach. I think it's the most prudent approach given where we are now to get through whatever it is, 12, 15 months. But I do still believe we'll be able to drive acceleration in the core business and then drive 2 big businesses on top of that. Many of them, as we said, for various reasons, don't really show up and make a material impact until 2020 and beyond. But I think this is the most prudent approach for this transitional period that we're in. On tariffs, I get there's a lot in that question. I guess you're talking about tariffs generally, about China, about the postal changes. I mean, I'd say on tariffs themselves, they've had very little impact. Most of the tariffs have been consumer goods, and we haven't seen very much. On the proposed changes to the China import on the postal side, we don't -- it's a little early on that, but I'd point a couple of things. We actually think we're pretty well positioned if those changes take fruition. A majority of our China inventory is now warehoused in the United States. Obviously, they're not our warehouses, but we've helped our Chinese sellers with warehousing domestically. So that wouldn't be subject to those corridors. We've also, this year, rolled out a shipping service called SpeedPak. And SpeedPak gives China sellers multiple delivery options that don't -- wouldn't be subject to the proposed postal changes. So I wouldn't say there's no impact. But actually in some ways, if the changes happen for everyone importing China inventory, we think we're about the best positioned given that we've been in this business for a long time, and we've taken a lot of changes to shrink time and distance and cost for Chinese sellers and build diversity at the last mile.