Thanks, Joe. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Q3 was a strong quarter for the company despite a challenging macro environment. Significant headwinds from inflation, higher energy costs and rising interest rates have impacted discretionary income, and consumer confidence is near record lows in several markets. Our focus on non-new-in-season categories has made the platform more resilient against these headwinds. 
In the quarter, we continued to execute the tech-led re-imagination, and we delivered on our near-term commitments. Focus categories narrowed their gap to market growth rates through higher customer satisfaction, increased trust and more effective marketing. And once again, enthusiast buyers spent more on the platform. This playbook is having a positive impact on GMV in the U.S. and internationally. 
Site-wide technology investments created a more seamless customer experience, leading to improved conversion rates across the platform. Our advertising business accelerated due to increased seller adoption and the optimization of our ad products. And new payment capabilities removed transactional friction while adding incremental revenue. 
The execution of our strategy is strengthening our competitive position, which drove better-than-expected financial outcomes in the third quarter. We delivered over $17.7 billion in GMV and almost $2.4 billion in revenue. We invested in marketing and product while delivering close to 29% operating margin. And our non-GAAP EPS was $1 per share, up double digits versus last year. 
Before I get into more highlights from the quarter, I want to take a step back and look where we are in our long-term journey. As you may recall, heading into the pandemic, volume was declining. Since that time, we have invested in game-changing product experiences and adjusted our approach to marketing. And this has resulted in an improvement in GMV compared to pre-pandemic levels. 
Specifically, focus categories, excluding trading cards, are up over 20% since 2019 due to improvements in customer satisfaction, trust, product experience and marketing. Trading cards has more than doubled in that time due to market dynamics and the impact of our innovations. And the rest of the platform has improved from declining low single digits to flat based on site-wide product improvements and the benefits of cross-category shopping. 
Taking a closer look at Q3 volume, excluding trading cards, focus categories grew over 7 points faster than the rest of the platform compared to last year. Multiple quarters of improvements in parts and accessories, collectibles, luxury goods and refurbished products are driving better relative GMV performance. 
Motors parts and accessories is the largest category we have invested in to date, and it is nearing market rates of growth. Investments in marketing over multiple quarters have increased consideration with enthusiasts, expanding the top of the funnel. Most recently, we sponsored an automotive makeover show with MTV U.K. We also kicked off the eBay Motors Parts of America tour, showcasing bespoke car builds using parts found on eBay. Hundreds of thousands of attendees have joined these events to date, and social marketing support for the tour has driven more than 500 million impressions. 
The key to unlocking trust for parts and accessories enthusiasts is fitment. Over the last several quarters, we made significant progress on the foundational work needed to innovate the P&A experience. This included modernizing our taxonomy to align our business globally and open up new cross-border trade opportunities. We also integrated fitment-based technologies into search, merchandising and advertising recommendations. Now we're able to make fitment more pervasive throughout the end-to-end experience. 
We have started adding highly visible trust signals throughout the buyer journey in the U.S. and Canada. We also are reducing the number of steps it takes to find parts, and we've expanded the adoption of My Garage, leading to more personalized shopping on every visit. We will continue to invest in trust to deliver even higher customer satisfaction in the coming quarters. 
In addition, we are working on increasing the quality and quantity of supply in parts and accessories. We recently acquired myFitment, which helps P&A sellers improve listing quality and grow conversion. We are also directly engaging sellers to add more in-demand parts inventory, including certified green parts, OEM, salvage and [ high ASP ] products, keeping our global supply over 500 million live listings. 
Collectibles is another focus category where sellers and buyers are responding positively to recent innovation. One of the best examples of this is trading cards, where GMV trends remained steady at a trajectory more than double pre-pandemic levels. In June, we launched the eBay Vault, a seamless end-to-end physical and digital experience and have initially opened it for trading cards. The Vault provides a number of benefits, including instant transfer, authentication, insurance, affordable shipping and tax-free storage. The combination of these features gives enthusiasts an unprecedented level of control to grow the value of their collections. 
During Q3, we expanded eligibility for Vault items, and we are seeing continued momentum week-over-week and are encouraged by the effectiveness of events and accelerating early adoption. While the Vault is in its early days, demand is increasing, and more enthusiasts are preloading their inventory into the Vault to enable faster trading. 
In addition to innovation, we are marketing our trading cards business across multiple channels. For example, in Q3, we expanded our presence at New York Comic Con to showcase the eBay Vault and continued live commerce pilots, highlighting brands like Funko and MetaZoo. 
Another important investment for our trading card business is the acquisition of TCGplayer, a trusted marketplace for collectible card game enthusiasts that operates a leading technology platform. I am pleased that we were able to close this transaction earlier this week ahead of schedule. TCGplayer brings strategic omnichannel capabilities, popular with trading card sellers, including inventory management tools, order fulfillment and card optimization. I'm excited to see what we can do together to delight our sellers and buyers over time. 
In luxury categories, quarter after quarter of innovation has led to higher customer satisfaction and faster GMV growth. This has been true in watches, handbags and sneakers since the introduction of authentication, resulting in higher GMV in every country where we've launched to date. In Q3, we began authenticating jewelry above $500 in the U.S. and are seeing similar results as other focus categories with initial customer satisfaction rates for jewelry buyers over 90%. 
Focus category is not the only area where we are investing to drive GMV. Significant site-wide initiatives that impact all sellers and buyers are driving volume benefits across all categories. Multiple quarters of technology investment drove site-wide conversion improvements in Q3. 
For example, in search, we leveraged new deep learning models to better understand purchase intent, leading to increased conversion at the top of search. In addition, search recall has materially improved for low and well searches, enabling buyers to discover more relevant inventory. These capabilities have rolled out to English and German-speaking markets, adding more than $0.5 billion in GMV annually. 
SEO improvements are driving better growth across the platform. In focus categories like sneakers, we have built a more modern browsing experience, which is driving benefits to our SEO traffic. We also optimized our site to allow significantly more items to show up on search engines, increasing visibility to our newest and best performing listings. For sellers, we have been making investments over several quarters to modernize our technology stack. And I'm excited to announce that we recently completed the migration of all desktop sellers to a single unified listing experience globally. This transition eliminates multiple legacy tools and enables faster innovation, particularly as we invest in new focus category listing experiences. 
There are a number of benefits sellers are already seeing in the new platform. For example, when listing an item, sellers are receiving better price guidance recommendations that are driving conversion in multiple categories. And sellers can now directly upload videos that can showcase items, highlight unique details or answer commonly asked questions. Sellers are also benefiting from multiple quarters of innovation and advertising. 
Higher return on ad spend is leading to increased adoption of Promoted Listings and higher ad rates. In Q3, first-party ad revenue was $249 million, up 27% year-over-year. This was more than 30 points faster than GMV, keeping us on track toward our long-term advertising targets despite volume headwinds from the macro environment. Investments in AI have resulted in improved search algorithm performance and more accurate ad rate recommendations that are increasing conversion. This is one factor driving up adoption of Standard Promoted Listings. In Q3, almost 2 million sellers adopted at least 1 ad product, and our coverage has expanded to over 600 million listings. 
Our newer ad products are also driving faster growth, which once again grew double digits quarter-over-quarter. For Promoted Listings Advanced, we expanded availability in search. We also improved the broad match experience and upgraded our recommendation tools, allowing sellers to further optimize their campaigns. Payments capabilities are increasing trust between sellers and buyers by removing transactional friction. The buyer FX experience that we've released earlier this year is resonating with customers. 
Close to 70% are adopting it for cross-currency transactions, allowing them to pay in their local currency. We also expanded Klarna availability to buyers engaged in cross-border transactions on our German site. Lastly, our risk team improves checkout conversion by accepting more purchase transactions while maintaining low loss levels. 
In addition to removing friction for buyers, we are adding more services for sellers. Recently, we announced that sellers can request on-demand payouts to a debit card and receive funds within 30 minutes or less for a fee. New payment services are delivering better customer outcomes, and the pace of innovation has put us on track to deliver $300 million in incremental revenue by 2024. 
As consumers in our major markets face persistent inflation, higher interest rates and rising home energy costs, they are increasingly turning to eBay for better value. This is leading to growth in GMV of used and refurbished goods. In fact, in a recent survey, we found that more than 3/4 of sellers use eBay to sell pre-owned goods. Recently, we expanded our efforts to support sustainable commerce with a new seller education offering on eBay Academy. Launched across our major markets, our new course teaches sellers how to assess their current practices and understand how eBay can help them operate more sustainably. Sellers are contributing positively to global communities in other ways. 
During the third quarter, we raised more than $33 million through eBay for Charity. In addition, the eBay Foundation issued grants to 50 nonprofit organizations that support inclusive entrepreneurship in communities around the world. These purpose-driven efforts help us drive economic opportunity for all. 
Finally, we're excited to announce that tomorrow, we will be publishing our inaugural small business report. This report highlights our progress towards becoming a seller platform of choice. I've spoken to you in the past about how eBay creates access for entrepreneurs. And through our recent small business survey, we found that 7 out of 10 sellers say that eBay help them start their business. We are proud to partner with our sellers, helping them get up and running on our marketplace and providing the tools they need to build scale and grow their business. Sellers recognize these efforts with over half of all sellers surveyed strongly agreeing that eBay helped their small business grow. 
As a third-party marketplace, eBay only wins when our sellers win. And we have earned trust from our seller community over time. In this report, 95% of sellers surveyed say they rely on eBay for their business with almost 1/3 saying their small business would not exist without eBay. This data helps to reinforce that the investments we are making reflect the role we play in creating and growing small businesses around the world. 
Having just come off a number of large seller events in our major markets, we continue to be inspired by our seller community, and we are proud to play a key role in helping our customers navigate these challenging economic times. All of this couldn't be possible without our talented and dedicated teams who work so hard to innovate on behalf of our customers. Thank you to the eBay team for all you do every day for our community. 
In closing, the resiliency of our platform yielded better-than-expected quarterly results despite a challenging macro backdrop. Focus categories grew over 7 points faster than the rest of the platform and maintained higher levels of customer satisfaction. We acquired TCGplayer and myFitment to better serve enthusiasts in 2 of our largest focus categories. 
Site-wide improvements in search, SEO and selling improved conversion rates. Advertising growth accelerated while delivering high returns on ad spend for our sellers. Payments innovation enabled more services and further reduced transactional friction, and we continue to support our small business sellers, helped raise $33 million for charity and drove close to $1 billion in economic impact through e-commerce. All of these accomplishments contributed towards our long-term, tech-led re-imagination of eBay. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve to provide more details on our financial performance. Steve, over to you.

Yes. Doug, I'll take the first one. So part of our strategy and the shift on our marketing was really to approach this full funnel marketing and move away from just kind of lower funnel optimization. And that's worked out really well for us. So if you look, for example, at P&A, we're seeing good strength in P&A. We're approaching market growth rates and what we're doing there. 
And importantly, we're driving consideration. And that whole strategy has really been around, not just going after buyers, but going after enthusiast buyers. It's why you see us in the parts shows, sponsoring like I talked about, the U.K. MTV reboot, it's really aimed at that. And so we started that playbook with sneakers and some of our luxury, and it worked well. We've been expanding it to P&A. And so we're continuing to look at it because what we're seeing is it changes initial consideration for those categories. 
And then we get the multiplier effect that I talked about at Investor Day, plus it makes the lower funnel work harder, work easier with the support of the upper funnel. Steve, do you want to take the one on buyback?

Yes. So first thing I'd say is that we are seeing strength in our refurbished and used. It's about 1/3 of our GMV, and that's up double digits versus 2019, so in terms of the consumer reacting to the challenging economic times. In terms of the cross category that we laid out in March, we continue to see that. And the metrics are very helpful as we think about the caps we can afford to pay and how we leverage our focus categories across the business. 
So if I take the example of a sneakers buyer, an average buyer who buys a $100 pair of sneakers, they'll spend about $500 on sneakers, but $1,900 outside of sneakers and other categories. If I look at that number for handbags, we just expanded what we're doing in handbag authentication, a buyer who buys over $500, they'll spend $2,500 in handbags, but $5,000 in the other categories. 
So that is really key for us when you think about our strategy that we laid out at Investor Day with really driving focus categories. Part of the propping up of non-focus, in addition to the horizontal work that we're doing, is the impact of the cross-category shopping when we bring a buyer into focus categories. So we're doing more and more programs to help make that available to buyers and accelerate that, but we feel really good about the stats of what we're seeing there.

Yes. So a couple of things I'd say. One is there's been some easing of the supply chain as demand has come down, which has certainly helped from that perspective of our sellers. Obviously, currency differences make an impact in terms of certain corridors are stronger depending on the strength of any given currency. But we're leaning into the opportunities in cross-border trade. And I'd highlight 2 specific things. 
One is that we've actually, with the rollout of buyer effects, made it easier in terms of currency choice for the buyer to buy in their local currency or in their -- in the currency of the seller. And we've seen a 70% adoption of that, and it's been performing well. We expanded that now into 38 currencies. 
The other thing that we're doing is making it easier starting with our U.S. business to do exports and execute exports on the business. So we've had a global shipping program for quite some time to make it easier. 
But the new enhancements that we're making or attempting to make it as easier to ship from Northern California to Southern California as shipping an international product off to Central America and really taking the friction out of that for our sellers. So those are the things that I would highlight in terms of the focus of what we're doing on a cross-border business.

Yes. So first on focus categories, we're pretty pleased with the performance that we're seeing across the board. I'd highlight a couple of things. First of all, our trading cards business continues to be at twice the volume it was coming into the pandemic. When I look at parts and accessories, the work that we're doing around fitment and specifically around driving initial consideration is helping us move towards market rates of growth there. And as we highlighted at our Investor Day, it's a huge category over $10 billion of GMV. 
The other thing that I would highlight is that as we've expanded the playbook from the U.S. to international, we're seeing the same type of impact that we saw in the international markets as we saw in U.S. So If I look at our luxury categories, this is sneakers, watches and handbags, we're seeing double-digit year-over-year growth in those categories internationally and higher customer satisfaction, similar to what we saw in our U.S. market. 
So we're continuing to lean in. You saw our recent announcement of jewelry and authenticating jewelry over $500. That's led to customer satisfaction over 90%. And we're going to continue to push forward and roll out additional categories and continue to improve in the focus categories that we've already launched. Steve, do you want to take the currency?

Yes. So look, we're really pleased with the performance of the ads revenue, up 27% year-on-year on an FX-neutral basis. I'd say the reaccelerated growth is really driven by 2 factors. One is just the optimization of our Promoted Listing Standard that improved search algorithm performance. And we created more accurate ad rate recommendations that helped us increase conversion. And the second is just the ongoing contribution from our new ad products. 
Our 3 new products contributed double digits quarter-on-quarter. So certainly, in Q3, it had some onetime step-ups from the product optimization and from that portfolio expansion of 3 new products, the external, advanced and our other products. But when I think about it, the thing that makes me bullish on our product is when I think about the ROAS, we're still having a really healthy ROAS. 
And so the benefit of -- to our sellers is -- continues to be healthy. So we're on track to meet our stated goals of doubling our ads business by 2025.

And let me just take the M&A one. Yes, M&A has been and will continue to be a key part of our strategy. I've talked about the build, buy, partner framework that we have. And as you noted, TCGplayer was really about helping us in a core category of collectibles and specifically in collectible trading cards, giving us new capabilities and tools and access to local hobby shops. 
I'd also point to myFitment, which I've talked for 2 quarters now about the importance of fitment, building trust in the parts and accessories category, and so excited by that one. So you should expect us to continue to look at key areas such as vertical expansion or boosting our core strategy, tech and talent and then opportunities to expand our overall capabilities. Always doing it in the framework that I've outlined, the build, buy, partner that we think has the best return for shareholders.

Yes. So on enthusiast buyers, in Q3, we had 17 million enthusiast buyers, which was relatively flat to Q2. And so the way you think about that is we're no longer facing the tough lapping from our comps related to the COVID dynamics. But we do expect some pressure on that count in the coming quarters as a result of the current macro environment. But when we look at it, the vast majority of enthusiasts remain active buyers. It's just a movement between mid-value and enthusiast buyers. 
And for us, enthusiast buyers is a very healthy spend. If you think about the average spend of that being $3,000 a year, that's up to like membership level spend. So over the next few years, we expect enthusiast buyers to continue to grow and spend more as we continue to execute on our strategy. As I talked about, their spend is up double digits versus '19, so really healthy. 
So the other thing I'd say on the ad business is we don't expect it to be linear quarter-to-quarter. But we've been enhancing and adding new products. I talked about the quarter-over-quarter growth that we're seeing in our new products. So we're on track to $2 billion. As I said, there were some onetime step-up things that we saw in Q3. But overall, our ROAS is healthy. 
I mentioned the statistics on the call that we now have 2 million sellers who have purchased at least 1 ad product in their listing, which is healthy. So we feel right on track with the goals that we outlined back in Investor Day.

Yes. So on the first question, when we think about the non-new-in-season, it represents about 90% of what we sell on the platform. So that's both used and refurbished and think N minus 1 last year's fashion, white label goods, all of those types of things. So the majority of what we sell is actually in the non-new-in-season business that we have on the platform. 
The stat that I talked about earlier is that 1/3 of our business is -- about 1/3 of our GMV is used and refurbished. And that's actually accelerating faster given the ties that we see. 
In terms of the advertising money that our sellers are spending, the majority of what we collect is via our CPA-based program, which is Promoted Listing Standard, which is a direct attribution program. So as we're able to drive incremental sales for them, we monetize that. So we've added the new products, like the CPC-based products in Promoted Listings Advanced. But what we're doing from a CPA standpoint has a direct tie to GMV. 
I would say the same is true for our seller program, which is partnering with our sellers to drive external traffic to their listings on eBay, which, as I said before, sellers are seeing a really good ROAS on our platform, especially relative to other places that they can market their products.

Yes. So I'd say in general, we're not immune to the macro impact. And so Steve talked earlier in his remarks about we think there'll be likely meaningful headwinds into '23. But we do have a more resilient business model because of the shift in focus of moving towards non-new-in-season and refurbished. And so that 32% is growing faster than the rest of the site. 
And I would just say, in general, value is a key tent-pole for our buyers on the site, and we're continuing to push it. From some perspective, I think this is a double win for us because we've been pushing e-commerce, [ e-market ] et cetera, as part of our massive ESG efforts that we have on the platform and really being the pioneers of re-commerce and saving products from the landfill, et cetera. And now where consumers want to value, we're seeing a real willingness to purchase there. 
The last thing I'd say is that Gen Z is much more inclined to buy pre-owned and pre-loved goods, and so we're leaning into that trend. So it's great to see that from the value standpoint. It's also great in terms of the ESG impact that it has in the business. I'd like to say that ESG is so core to eBay that we should be in every ESG fund because of the importance of it and the role we play in re-commerce. But that's how I would kind of characterize where we are today, and I think what we'll see into the coming quarters.