Thanks, Joe. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Earlier this year, during our Investor Day, we updated you on the progress of our tech-led reimagination and outlined our vision for the future. I'm really excited about the pace at which our challenger teams are delivering against that plan.  
Our focus category playbook is working. Enthusiast buyers are spending more, and advertising and payments continue to grow. This quarter, we launched several key innovations in line with our long-term objectives. These ongoing efforts have put eBay in a stronger position today than it was when we entered the pandemic.  
I'm pleased to say that during the second quarter, we delivered better than expected financial results across the board. We delivered over $18.5 billion in GMV and over $2.4 billion in revenue. We continue to invest in marketing and product while achieving close to 29% operating margin, and our non-GAAP EPS was $0.99.  
Our focus category, payments and advertising initiatives, helped offset the impact of the war in Ukraine, rising inflation and a more uncertain macro environment. Looking ahead, we remain on track to deliver on our full year commitments, and we'll continue to invest and manage towards sustainable long-term growth. Later in the call, Steve will go into more detail about our outlook.  
One of the most important pillars of our long-term plan is our focus category strategy. Investments in trust, product experience and marketing are increasing customer satisfaction, leading to faster volume growth. Last quarter, excluding trading cards, focus category's GMV grew 9 points faster than the rest of the platform. Trading cards are lower than last year's stimulus-fueled results, but volume remains robust at more than double pre-pandemic levels.  
We are seeing significant outperformance in focus categories globally, although the U.S. is higher than international. The primary reasons for the difference are the timing of launches and category mix by market.  
In markets where we've implemented these changes, customer satisfaction remains at or near best-in-class levels. The vast majority of our enthusiast buyers shop in focus categories and their spending levels remain above $3,000 per year. We continue to see cross-category shopping activity consistent with data we shared during Investor Day in March.  
One of our largest focus categories is parts and accessories, which is one of the highest buyer NPS scores on the platform. We know from experience how crucial trust is, and fitment is one of the best enablers of trust. To ensure every buyer finds the perfect part to fit their vehicle, we are enhancing all of the AI that powers search, merchandising and advertising.  
In addition, we have rolled out more ways for P&A enthusiasts to discover the wide range of inventory on eBay. In our international markets, we have added over 100,000 fitment-based browse pages last quarter alone. We also expanded our supply of OEM and certified green parts. To drive demand to our huge supply of P&A inventory, we continue to invest in full-funnel marketing. Initial consideration is showing encouraging early signs, and we see further opportunity to attract more enthusiasts.  
Across other focus categories, we took several steps over the past quarter to expand coverage. To enhance our leadership position in trading cards, we expanded authentication services to a wider range of graded items. In addition, we rolled out a new feature where enthusiasts can now use the popular [ My Collections ] tool to track a broader set of inventory, including sports trading cards.  
In eBay Refurbished, we added more trusted sellers and expanded categories in the program. These included headphones, audio, gaming consoles and smart home devices. Refurbished products are growing faster than new products in the same category, in part due to increased customer satisfaction.  
And in sneakers, we added more products to our catalog, which now includes the top 40 brands across our 4 largest markets. This expansion reduces friction in selling and buying experiences. We also started authenticating handbags in Germany and handbag accessories such as wallets in the U.S.  
The next focus category where we are innovating and changing the customer experience is jewelry. Recently, we launched authentication for eligible new and preowned jewelry items over $500. We are partnering with GIA, the Gemological Institute of America, who bring 90 years of experience to our partnership. Like other focus categories, we will improve the product experience, increase customer satisfaction and change how we market to jewelry enthusiasts over time. I am pleased with the near-term progress in focus categories, and we remain on track to expand coverage and drive growth back towards market rates.  
Equally important is evolving our capabilities to attract the next generation of enthusiast buyers. In Q2, we took several steps toward that objective. In June, we marked an important milestone with the opening of the eBay vault. This state-of-the-art facility enables a new format for sellers and buyers to trade and build their collections in real time. The vault is initially accepting graded authenticated trading cards above $500 and will expand to more products over time. Sellers are taking advantage of an initial year of free storage and no selling fees for vault sales. This innovation will help us transform many product categories.  
One reason that we're excited to launch the vault is because it can enable real-time transactions for physical or digital goods. This intersection is nascent, the one that collectibles enthusiasts are increasingly exploring. This is part of the rationale behind our second quarter acquisition of KnownOrigin. KnownOrigin is an NFT platform that enables artisan collectors to create, buy and resell NFTs via blockchain-supported transactions. Their team is highly talented and has extensive technical experience in this rapidly evolving space. They were one of the early pioneers of NFTs and are a perfect fit to make eBay the destination to collect and trade.  
In the second quarter, we also began to experiment with live commerce. Although Western market adoption of live shopping remains low, we are optimizing our user experience ahead of this emerging trend. Early pilots have seen users engage, on average, for 15 minutes at a time, with approximately 1/4 of them interacting directly with the event. We will continue to optimize this capability in future quarters. The vault, NFTs and live commerce were all long-term strategic opportunities that we mentioned at Investor Day, and I'm pleased that in a few short months, we are already making progress in these areas.  
Customers are also seeing rapid improvements in payments capabilities where we continue to build out new services for sellers and buyers. For example, we rolled out additional forms of payment popular with German buyers, especially Gen Z. Through our partnership with Klarna, consumers can now pay upon invoice or in installments. We also expanded our Buyer FX program, which allows eBay buyers to purchase in the currency of their choice. Recently, we expanded this global service from 8 currencies to over 30 currencies. To date, we have seen over 60% adoption on related transactions. These new services are reducing transactional friction for sellers and buyers while delivering incremental revenue to eBay.  
Advertising is also driving growth through innovation. Despite the macro environment, ad rates and adoption continue to grow due to the high return on ad spend that sellers experience on eBay. In Q2, our ads business accelerated faster than volume and delivered revenue that was nearly 1.5% of GMV.  
Promoted Listings drove first-party ad revenue to $232 million, up 6%. This was 20 points faster than GMV growth. Our largest product, Standard Promoted Listings, grew in the quarter due to conversion optimization and pricing changes. Our 3 newer advertising products that we launched last year grew almost 30% versus Q1. The largest contributor was Promoted Listings Advanced, which saw increased seller adoption and exposure. Our advertising business remains on track with the long-term goals we outlined at Investor Day, and we anticipate that Promoted Listings will return to double-digit growth in the coming quarters.  
ESG is a major focus for the eBay team. And during the quarter, we made steady progress on our commitments in this space. E-commerce continues to be a huge volume driver on eBay. As we've shared before, non-new-in-season inventory is driving the vast majority of volume on the platform. In particular, demand for refurbished and used goods is growing in many categories. And we are well positioned to hit our long-term recommerce goals. 
eBay has a tremendous impact on the economy beyond our own results. As mentioned in our most recent Impact Report, in the U.S. alone, eBay supports more than 1 million jobs. The vast majority of these jobs come from small and micro business entrepreneurs selling on the platform. Another meaningful economic impact comes from the generosity of our community. eBay for Charity allows sellers and buyers to make a positive difference in the world. During the quarter, eBay for Charity raised nearly $56 million, up 52% year-over-year. And Q2 marked the Finale Power of One Charity Auction with Warren Buffett, raising over $19 million. Over almost 2 decades, these auctions have raised more than $53 million for GLIDE, a nationally recognized center for equity. I'm truly inspired by the continued generosity powered by our marketplace.  
Finally, the team and I are honored to have received multiple prestigious awards this quarter. We were recognized as one of LinkedIn's top companies in retail, and we received 3 Women's Choice Awards in the consumer Internet category: Best Companies for Diversity, Best Companies for Women and Best Companies for Millennials. I am proud to be in a team that focuses so heavily on the impact we are making in the lives of our employees, our customers and our communities.  
In closing, Q2 was a strong quarter for eBay. We delivered better-than-expected short-term results while marking several important milestones towards our long-term vision. GMV, revenue and EPS for Q2 all exceeded consensus estimates. Focus categories outperformed the rest of the marketplace by 9 points, excluding trading cars. We maintained high NPS scores from enthusiast buyers who spend more per buyer.  
Coverage extended to more refurbished products and new categories like jewelry. We launched the eBay vault, a game-changing capability that will enable the future of collecting. We acquired KnownOrigin to accelerate our connections between physical and digital.  
Our payments team scaled our Buyer FX capabilities, further simplifying cross-currency transactions and rolled out Klarna to German customers. Our advertising business accelerated faster than volume, putting Promoted Listings on a trajectory to a double-digit growth in the coming quarters. And eBay for Charity raised nearly $56 million, including a record-breaking Power of One Auction with Warren Buffett.  
Before I hand over to Steve, I want to thank our amazing team who has continued to work hard innovating and exceptional experience for our customers around the world. They are delivering high-quality products and technologies that are translating into higher NPS scores and driving long-term growth for the company. To our sellers, thank you for continuing to partner with us. Your feedback is extremely valuable and helps us create trusted, reliable and frictionless experiences.  
With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve to provide more details on our financial performance. Steve, over to you.

Yes. I mean -- yes, I think it's hard to differentiate discretionary versus nondiscretionary. I think if you go back to Investor Day, you'll see that we had 5 -- we have 5 big areas over $10 billion. So obviously, when times are tough, people trade down, and that's where kind of our Refurb is helping out, et cetera. So hard to kind of pull that out. But I would say, as Steve said, it's -- we don't have grocery or material FMCG on the site.

Yes. Look, we're pleased with the outperformance of focus categories being 9 points above the rest of the business. Importantly, we're continuing to invest. We rolled out jewelry this quarter with a partnership with GIA for jewelry over $500. We expanded what we're doing in handbags, launching that in Germany; bringing accessories, things like wallets into the U.S.; expanded Refurb to additional categories, headphones, audio, gaming console, smart home devices. So we're continuing to invest in our focus categories.  
As I've always said, it's not a one and done. I mean if you think about the launch of vault and the incremental authentication that we've launched in collectibles, that was a category we started on as a focus category more than a year ago. So we're going to continue to innovate both on the existing ones that are there and launch new ones like we did with jewelry this quarter.

Yes. So it's early days, as you said, but we're excited by the initial feedback from the early customers. So it's having the intended impact, which is giving them a frictionless way to buy and sell on the platform to encourage sellers to use it because, obviously, there's a first-mover advantage. We think once the product is in the vault, it's unlikely to move to a different vault or there can be withdrawal. So we reduced fees through the end of the year on things like storage and selling fees in order to encourage adoption. And we're kind of right on track with where we thought. We're going to continue to innovate, add more categories and add more products over time, but a good early start to the program.

Yes. So on the first one on the kind of countercyclical, I'm really happy we refocused the strategy towards non-new-in-season 2.5 years ago because it is -- we're leaning into opportunities of where the consumer can be and makes the platform more resilient. So we are seeing strength in things like our Refurbished category where consumers can trade down. And frankly, just the value of eBay of having non-new-in-season makes the platform a little bit more resilient.  
Over time, as well, selling is important in tough times for consumers because, as I've said all along, they've got $4,000 of stuff in the house that they could sell, and they -- less than 20% of that is online. So we're essentially working to kind of lean into both. On your question on awareness around our spend, we do look at everything, buyers traffic and seller. But one thing we measure pretty religiously is kind of initial consideration of what we're doing. So what you see us do is shift from doing a lot of lower funnel to more full-funnel marketing. 
I think about us being at the New York Parts Show, what we're doing in collectibles with the MLB All-Star Games. Next week, you'll see us launch a program in the U.K. with Pimp My Ride, which is really focused on our parts and accessories and being where enthusiasts are. And what we're really doing there is focusing on eBay and initial consideration set and really talking about the value propositions that we're building through focus categories. And what I'd say is we're excited about the initial results and the early movements in ICS in the campaigns that we're running.

Yes. So I'd say a couple of things. First, on the collectibles business, yes, we've leaned in a lot to trading cards because of the opportunity that we see in that market. But if you go back to Investor Day, where we size the collectibles business, it's over a $10 billion category. So there's lots of different elements in there and, frankly, lots of different elements geographically. So there's things stronger in our U.K. and German business, where trading cards is more of a U.S. phenomenon from that perspective because collecting is interesting regionally, although there is a good amount of cross-border trading when it comes to collectibles. So we're going to continue to invest in collectibles and broadly as a category.  
On KnownOrigin, it's really -- a key part of that is the talent that we're bringing in. If you look at the team there, they're really the founding -- some of the founding pioneers in the early work around NFTs and digital. And so bringing that directly into eBay, I think, really helps us as we think about the intersection of physical and digital, some of the pieces that Jordan outlined at Investor Day because eBay has been always the place where people go to collect things. And so being able to figure out how to bring them on to the platform, I think, is a key advantage. I'd say it's really early days, but I think we found a great amazing team that we're integrating into the business.

Yes. And I assume when you mean advertising solutions, you mean what we're doing to bring traffic to the site, not the advertising product on the site. So on the marketing side, yes, we've absolutely been doing a shift both kind of moving more towards mid-funnel, going after more paid social younger demographics in terms of what we're doing with TikTok and those types of programs. And we've been enhancing what we're doing from a marketing perspective, rolling out a new marketing technology, we call it user experience platform, to help us be much more efficient with that.  
As it relates to specifically to sellers, I'd point to 2 things. First is the investments that we're making in external Promoted Listings. So having sellers that are in our Promoted Listings product, be able to generate specific traffic to their business. And then the second thing is all the work that we've done over the last probably 18 months around eBay stores, about letting them build the brand in the marketplace, about letting them incorporate videos into their experience, around letting them spend coupons to interested or repeat buyers in the platform because we see this twofold. One is being able to drive traffic there but also helping them drive their repeat business on eBay, which is why we've been making those investments. Also, we think it's really critical to our second pillar being the seller platform of choice. So we're going to continue to push forward on those types of innovations on behalf of our sellers.

Yes. So we're excited by what we're seeing in terms of spend per buyer. So we -- if you look at -- versus 2019, our spend per buyer for enthusiast buyers are actually up double digits. And that ties right into what we're doing from a focus category strategy. The second thing that we're really focused on is that multiplier effect that we talked about at Investor Day, the fact that watches buyer will come in and spend $8,000 in watches but $9,000 in the rest of the site, a parts buyer will buy $500 but then buys $700 outside of that. And that helps us drive the strategy around what we -- what we're going after with enthusiast buyers and spend per buyer. It's also why we changed our marketing programs to be much more targeted at acquiring enthusiast buyers. 
Steve, do you want to cover the second one?

Yes. I'd just add that when I talk to our eBayers in Germany and U.K., they get their gas bills twice a year, in some cases, once a year. And definitely, there's the impact there of that. And I think that's part of why we see a bigger impact on our European business than we -- in our international business than we do in the Americas.

Yes. So first, on the ad business, Zach, we tend to provide really good rollouts for our sellers. So there's still a lot of penetration opportunity in our Promoted Listings Standard product and driving incremental adoption for more sellers across more listings, et cetera. But we're pleased this quarter to really start seeing some traction in our newest products. 
As I talked about on the call, our newest products are up 30% quarter-on-quarter, which is great to see. This will lead to Promoted Listings that's double digit in the coming quarters. And I just -- of the 3 new products, I'd highlight Advanced, I think, as a significant opportunity for us because of the monetization that it provides and because we still have a good ways to go in terms of driving adoption on the platform. 
I'd just say it's a continual dial and crank in terms of optimizing the buyer experience, the tools that we have and the algorithms to make sure that we're not degrading the buyer experience, we're enhancing it, and continue to provide a return on ad sales. But I'm happy to see the 1.5% penetration we got to this quarter. And like I said, the future quarters should allow us to drive double-digit growth. 
Steve, do you want to take the second one on...

Yes. So on eBay Live, our live shopping pilot, I would say it's early, John. We're kind of in the test phase of that. And it's really about learning about how eBay engages the best way to get customers engaged. I would say from our early test that we're excited by what we saw, both in terms of the time people were engaged, to engage 15 minutes in a video, especially with today's attention span of consumers, and the interaction. We had a quarter of people like interacting with the experience. So we feel really good about what it can be. 
As you've seen from a macro standpoint, it's had a lot more traction in the Asia region than it has here. It's still much more of a nascent technology, but fits in well with some of the categories like some of the other products that we have. So I'd just say very early testing and learning at this stage. 
On advertising, what we talked about is getting to a double-digit growth in the coming quarters, and we feel comfortable about our plans to do that, really on the strength of our core product and standard and on the growth that we're seeing out of our new products.

Yes. We're really pleased with what we're seeing in terms of the rollouts on parts and accessories, I'd say both from a marketing standpoint. So we're getting aggressive in our key markets about driving an initial consideration set. I talked earlier about some of the stuff we're doing with sponsorship of Pimp My Ride. 
We did the same thing with eBay Auto Parts Show in New York. Those types of things led to 3 billion media impressions for us from that standpoint. And as I talked about, really going after that enthusiasts, leaning into things like -- I was just out in our European markets, and there, certified green parts are incredibly important and we continue to add more of that supply onto the marketplace. 
And then secondarily, I'd just say on the product side, improvements in fitment, improvements in the organization of the inventory and the collaboration is important. We enhance some of the AI that powers our search and our merchandising and our advertising really around this idea of fitment and how to make sure that we have 100% trust in the fitment on the product. So we're excited about what we're seeing and the results, the movement that we're seeing in initial consideration set. And we're not going to be done. This is going to be a category that we're going to continue to innovate on quarter after quarter.

Yes. So on the first one, part of the reason why we look at '19 is just the massive acceleration that we saw over the COVID time period and kind of comparing the pre and post with the massive restriction and mobility and the stimulus that was there in the market. Obviously, we believe we're definitely coming out of the pandemic much stronger than we came into it. And our strategy is working. 
To your question on focus categories, our focus category strategy is really focused on non-new-in-season. So we've kind of really moved away from new-in-season. You can still obviously buy it on the site, and we have that product. But we're leaning into where eBay is strong. 
If I go back to the Investor Day, it's a $1.1 trillion TAM growing to $1.4 trillion. And we think given the tougher economic times right now, our strategy of where we're focusing from that category standpoint is exactly where we need to be, and it's frankly a strength for eBay. Do you want to take the third one, Steve?