Thanks. And before I start, let me just publicly thank Selim Freiha, who's been our Head of Investor Relations and have done a great job over the last couple of years, and welcome Joe.
We delivered a solid first quarter driven by healthy buyer growth, strong Advertising performance and disciplined cost control. GMV declined slightly year-over-year, which was in line with our short-term expectations, as we noted last quarter. We returned $1.6 billion in capital to investors through share buybacks in our first-ever dividend payment. In Q1, total GMV was down 1%, and revenue was up 4%, while our active buyer base grew 4% to 180 million. Underlying these results, GMV on our Marketplace platform was down 1%, StubHub volume was down 2% and our Classifieds platform grew revenue at 12%. Scott will go into more detail on our financial results shortly.
To begin, let me provide some context on our business. As we mentioned last quarter, we entered the year with the intention to reduce low ROI marketing spend while maintaining the focus on driving positive buyer growth with new product experiences and targeted marketing. In Q1, that's exactly what we did. We removed a significant amount of promotional spend that tended to subsidize higher-priced items at low ROI. The impact of this change was lower GMV driven by lower average price but steady sold item growth. In addition, we saw an impact our business from the adoption of Internet sales tax in the U.S. as well as value-added tax in international markets. A number of jurisdictions have enacted legislation requiring Marketplace collection of tax. Without a small business exemption, this trend will increasingly impact small domestic sellers, making it harder for them to compete in an increasingly global and large merchant-dominated world. 
On our platform, in Q1, we saw approximately 1 point of impact on U.S. GMV and less than a point internationally. This will be a headwind until we lap a fully rolled out Internet tax landscape. However, it's worth noting that the global tax environment remains fluid, and it will evolve.
In Q1, we continue to make the product experience simpler and easier for new users. We scaled a better guest experience and reduced friction for a guest to become a fully registered customer. We also launched an expedited registration process at multiple points across our experience. Sellers are being provided new guidance to improve their product aspect coverage, which is improving our structured database catalog, and this is beginning to lead to product experiences, such as search and product pages, that deliver better conversion. Visual search is improving, and we're making it more accessible. Our customers are now doing 150,000 visual searches a day, and eBay Guaranteed Delivery continues to expand as we exited Q1 at 25% volume coverage in the U.S.
At the same time, we provided a series of enhancements to our sellers to make it easier to manage listings and provide value to buyers. Sellers now see competitive pricing data side by side when listing or managing their inventory. We also improved recommendations on items, which would benefit most from Promoted Listings, and expanded seller eligibility in Q1 by more than 20%. Going forward, our focus will remain on empowering seller success not on competing with them while maintaining one of the most competitive take rates in our industry.
While our GMV is down slightly year-on-year, our revenue is growing, and the gap between GMV and revenue will likely continue. This growth was partly driven by Promoted Listings where more sellers are opting to invest to grow their business. In Q1, we had more than 800,000 active sellers promote over 200 million listings. This helped drive over $65 million of revenue this quarter, up nearly 110%. As we've mentioned previously, as this business scales, we're reducing third-party ads, which are not accretive to our ecosystem. We're very pleased with our progress and remain on track towards $1 billion Advertising revenue opportunity.
Looking at Payments. We continued to ramp sellers and volume in our intermediated experience. We launched Google Pay in early April and its adoption is in line with expectations. We also completed the integration of PayPal on our new platform, which has been live for a couple of weeks with a small set of customers, and will continue scaling.
Since the late Q3 launch last year until the end of Q1, we've now enabled 363 million of GMV with over 4,300 active sellers who've opted into the program. To date, we've saved those sellers $2.7 million in payment-related costs. As we've said before, we expect to begin a full rollout in 2020, building to a $2 billion revenue opportunity at scale. Lastly, on payments, subject to regulatory approval, we're preparing to launch in our second major market, which will be Germany. As one of our largest international markets, Germany will provide a diverse testing ground for more payment methods as we expand globally.
At StubHub, Q1 volume was impacted by landscape softness with a weak college football championship game and Super Bowl. This was partially offset by better growth in the NBA. As part of improving the customer experience, we refreshed our merchandising and launched a new homepage in Q1. We're also driving cross-selling by merchandising more eBay items and checkout, plus we continue to direct ticket demand on eBay to StubHub's tailored vertical experience.
In our Classifieds platform, we continue -- we saw continued strength in our Motors verticals. Our leading position in Germany helped drive another quarter of double-digit revenue growth, and our expanded offering in the U.K. contributed 1 point of acceleration versus Q4. We're repeating this playbook in Canada where we recently launched the Kijiji autos vertical. We also delivered synergy with our core eBay integration, which drove over $80 million of GMV to eBay in Q1 while delivering nearly 2 points of ad revenue to Classifieds. During the quarter, eBay ad yields to Classifieds crossed an important threshold by beating the next-best third-party alternative, allowing even more meaningful contribution to eCG's results going forward.
Finally, with respect to the operational and portfolio reviews, which we announced in March, the process is underway. While we do not have material updates to share at this time, we remain on track with what we've communicated previously.
In summary, we will continue to focus on growing our customer base, delivering on our ads and payment initiatives and returning capital throughout the year. We feel strongly about our ability to deliver value now and in the future to our customers, employees and shareholders.
And with that, I will turn it over to Scott to provide more details on the quarter.

Thanks for the question. On the first part, we've been very careful to measure that, and we don't see material differences between buyers that we've acquired recently, let's say, in the last year than we have historically. There's a little bit of difference when we acquire a user as a guest versus a fully registered member on their customer lifetime value, but we're very focused. That's why -- as I said in my remarks, very focused on converting those guests to members. But absent that, if you look just at time longitudinally, there's no real difference, and that's been really important that we focus on healthy buyers not just any buyers. I've said before that it can dislocate quarter-to-quarter even for a few several quarters at a time. But in the long run, buyers is a very excellent metric for where GMV wants to go.
We said a year ago when GMV was about buyers that we were trying to get the buyer number up, and ultimately GMV came down to meet that buyer number. Now GMV is below that buyer number. But if we keep growing the buyer number, we have confidence that the ecosystem is healthy, and the financial metrics do follow that. So that's the reason ultimately that we keep growing the customer base is that we think it almost best correlate to where ultimately GMV and then revenue and the other metrics have flowed from that want to be is the buyer number over time. It doesn't have to be quarter-to-quarter. But that's why we are focused on continuing to grow that customer base.

Well, we're -- we are delighted with our progress on payments, and we're really -- we're gated by the operating agreement, and we're not that far from it now. On a run-rate basis, I think the number we gave you puts us close to 4% of U.S. GMV, and we're going to -- we'll go right up to the limit as we come close. There was no reason to go any faster than that. I will say we've had an outstanding queue of sellers. Remember, this is an optional program. Nobody needs to be part of it. And we have grown the number of sellers, and the pipeline is huge. And frankly, we couldn't even onboard all of them right now, so we've just been very gated. And remember, this has been done without PayPal until the very, very end. The entire trial that we've done so far has been done without PayPal. What we found is that it has not been an important gating factor to the onboarding of sellers. And we found that they're getting great performance, and we have a tremendous amount of influence over the means of buyer check payment at checkout. Those are the things we've learned in the last couple of quarters.
Remember, we've added a bunch of new payment mechanisms already that were never part of our ecosystem, most notably Apple Pay and Google Pay, and there are many more coming in Germany. One of the reasons we chose Germany is that there are many, many forms of payment: direct bank transfer, direct debit. It's a complicated market, which is the reason we chose to do it. But I would say we are exactly on track. We are very pleased with our performance on payments. We'll go right to the 5% line this quarter, and then we'll start scaling the 10%. And we are on track to begin a very rapid expansion of this program in 1 year and 3 months, but who's counting?

In terms of Promoted Listings, it's still very early. If you look at analogs to eBay, other marketplaces that have rolled out products that are similar, our penetration and monetization rate are still in the early stage of scaling. And we know that because as great as it is that we've had 800,000 sellers promote listings, that means that there are tens of millions that have not yet. And we also are just in the phase of fully integrating from the buyers side where Promoted Listings show up in a unified search ranking, and there's a whole bunch of other plans to expand both the seller side and the buyer side. So we think there's a lot of runway, and that's why we said last quarter that we think it's $1 billion opportunity. Remember, we're being very selective about removing third-party advertising as this scales. But one of the things that I'm happiest about is that the seller NPS on this, if you will, their happiness with this product is extremely high. It's been one of the most successful new products we rolled out from a seller perspective ever, and they're adopting it. And remember, it's completely optional, nobody has to use it, and they're flocking to it. And to me, it's a way that you can, if you want, trade off some margin for some velocity. And there are many sellers that want to do that. So we're really happy with it. It's early, and it'll be a key contributor to the $1 billion advertising opportunity.

On the buyer question, Colin, we're very focused. I think the question was reengaging existing buyers. One of the ways that I'd say I categorize our effort is there is a high focus in the company now on frequency and engagement, and part of that is to reduce churn rates. There are still too many buyers who only shop, let's say, one category on eBay, let's say, they buy camera equipment on eBay. But we're really great if you look at our inventory and pricing across more categories, so the opportunity to get shoppers to cross-buy, to buy across categories is very high. And you can expect in the balance of the year a number of product and marketing initiatives to begin to target existing buyers with frequency and cross-category shopping. We've got some really exciting plans, some of which we're not ready to announce yet, but we think it's a tremendous opportunity to engage existing buyers and to get them to shop and think of eBay more broadly than we do. And that also over time, we think will have the impact of reducing the churn rate, which should help the buyer number. So that's kind of been a big push here internally, and you'll hear more about it as the year progresses.

Yes. On CPC, we said we're definitely looking at it. I don't have anything in terms of a product announcement to make today, but we are definitely looking at seller demand for a CPC product, and we'll update you when we're ready to announce something on that. On payments, similarly, keep in mind, July of next year, we'll not have constraints on the operating agreement. We believe that we'll have much of the product functionality built, but also we'll be entering -- it's not that long after July that you start to enter a holiday period where you've got to be careful of changes. We're not yet ready to give a full detailed rollout plan, but I think you should assume that everything we're doing now, the significant investments we're making and we've been talking about this for a year -- let me just reiterate, number one, we're delighted with where we are. This has been a very successful, albeit gated program. And if you told me a year ago I could be here today, I'd be -- I'd take that anytime.
So that doesn't mean that we don't have a lot more work to do, but it does mean in our first year, we've been -- we've done exactly what we would've hoped we would have done, and we are delighted with the seller reception and the buyer reception of more payment choices. You can expect, given the investments we're making and the train tracks we're laying down, that we won't be shy come July of '20 in the rollout. And we'll update more on the overall rollout plan probably later in the year or the beginning of next year. We're not going to do that yet, but I want -- it's important that you know that we are going to be aggressive.

Yes, we got you.

Just a quick follow up on that. Promoted Listings have seen broad adoption internationally. There's not a material difference in the uptake of Promoted Listings in the U.S. or in our international markets. It's been broadly adopted. I think there was a follow-up.

Yes. Thank you. We said a couple of quarters ago that what we would do is effectively bifurcate the experience so that new users were getting more of the structured data product-based experience, and existing users were being landed more on the historical experience. That's what we've done. And one of the reasons we've been able to maintain healthy buyer growth is -- with the significant reduction of marketing is that we're seeing great conversion gains for new customers. That gives us a lot of confidence for the future.
In the core, we're also seeing the impact now that the evolution of structured data is making. This year, we'll be very focused on aspect coverage, meaning knowing the product is important. But knowing the attributes of the product in many ways is even more important. And we'll be encouraging sellers to contribute a great degree of richness to their listings because we know that, that richness improves our catalog and drives buyer conversion. So I kind of hinted at that in my remarks, but you'll see a significant expansion of the coverage and quality of our catalog this year. And the early signs are very positive on conversion, so that's where we're going to focus. But for new users, we've been even more aggressive about product-based experiences, and that continues, and we're real happy with the results there.

Yes. Well, what we're seeing is that what matters to our existing customers is less a fully product-based experience but more the richness of listings that the catalog and structured data bring. So to me, a product experience is you fully collapse listings into the product. There are definitely cohorts of buyers who love that. But many existing customers did not, as we said several quarters ago. But what they do want is better listings and more inventory to surface through search when there are richer attributes. So that's what we're focused on for the existing base, and you'll hear a lot more about that through the course of this year.

We, historically, have been disciplined marketers. We're very focused on ROI. We're very focused on not wasting money in the way we market. And we did say last year, over several quarters, we were pushing the efficient frontier to learn what -- how far we could go without -- with getting a healthy return. There were some things we did that we liked, and there were some things we did that over time just did not provide a decent return. What we found is that we were subsidizing some existing buyers at high ASPs. We weren't getting a return on that. And that's what we withdrew. But going forward, our marketing strategy is to continue to market the brand. We've been in brand every month this year. We'll continue to. We'll market across channels: social, search, obviously our own owned channels like CRM, and we will be focused on acquiring new customers at healthy CAAs and driving healthy customer CLVs. That's kind of what we've always done, and that's what we're going to do.

I mean, look, things are changing all the time, but I think what was in Scott's remarks is the best indicator, which is we took direct action, and we saw exactly what we had expected to see. So that doesn't mean that there isn't a change to the external landscape. There always is. But keep in mind, we're changing as well. I don't -- I think the eBay experience is the best it's ever been. But we reduced a lot of subsidy. We got the GMV result we expected. And the ecosystem keeps growing. The number of business sellers keeps growing. The amount of inventory keeps growing. The number of buyers keeps growing. Those are positive signs. I mean I guess in some theoretical world, it's possible that we won't growth if those metrics grow, but it's really hard to get your head around how that wouldn't happen. So that gives us the confidence to -- it gave us the confidence to give an updated forecast, and we'll go from there.