Thanks, Joe. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'll begin today's call with some key highlights from last quarter of last year, and walk you through an update on the progress of eBay's tech-led reimagination. I will then turn the call over to Andy to discuss the details of our recent performance and near-term outlook. 
Overall, 2020 was a great year for sellers and buyers on eBay. We are pleased that we closed out the year with strong results. For Q4, gross merchandise volume in marketplaces grew 18%, well ahead of our expectations. The holiday season contributed to the strong performance as we saw record volume with high velocity in hard-to-find and sold-out items. Refurbished gifts also emerged as a top trend, and we saw many products from top brands in our certified refurbished experience sell out completely. 
Our buyers were very active during the holiday season. In the U.S., 1 in 10 online shoppers bought something on eBay. In Germany, that number was 1 in 7. And in the U.K., it was 1 in 4. In addition to this holiday surge, we experienced unprecedented traffic levels for most of 2020, and yet our platform had the highest availability in the last 6 years. 
To put this in context, more than 100 days in 2020 exceeded peak 2019 traffic levels. eBay has been able to seamlessly handle these peaks, while keeping our marketplace open for all during a global pandemic. 
For the full quarter, revenue grew 10 points faster than volume, up 28% driven primarily by payments and advertising. And we delivered $0.86 in non-GAAP earnings per share, which was above our expectations and included reinvestments for the long term. 
Our customer metrics grew on both sides of our marketplace in the quarter. Active buyers grew 7% to $185 million globally, and our active seller base increased by 5% as more small business and consumer sellers listed and sold on the platform. These results capped off a tremendous year for eBay. In 2020, we added an incremental $14 billion of GMV, that's more growth in the past 7 years combined. Organic revenue grew 21% and non-GAAP earnings per share grew 49%, and we returned nearly $5.6 billion to shareholders through dividends and buybacks. 
In July, I laid out a long-term vision for the company, and we have rearchitected our road map to achieve our tech-led reimagination over the next few years. We also made progress on our multiyear initiatives, payments and advertising, which drove tremendous financial results while providing customers with a significantly improved experience.  
We continue to make significant advancements with our managed payments transition, ending the year with over 1 million sellers migrated. During the quarter, eBay managed payments for over 38% of on-platform volume. In the U.S., we exited the year with over 50% of the migration complete. In addition to the 5 markets where we already launched, transitions have been announced or underway in France, Italy, Spain and Greater China. We have also started to transition consumer sellers in the U.S., U.K., Canada and Germany.  
Seller satisfaction has improved compared to Q3, and NPS scores from sellers in managed payments remain more than 10 points higher than the NPS of sellers who have yet to migrate. Over the course of 2021, we plan to roll out payments to remaining markets, launch cross-border trade and release product capabilities for all use cases. This road map opens up managed payments to all sellers globally and places us firmly on our path toward 100% migration. 
As the vast majority of the transition will be complete by the end of this year, we are well positioned to deliver at least an incremental $2 billion in revenue and $500 million in operating income annually in 2022. 
In Q4, advertising growth outpaced volume once again as sellers lean further into Promoted Listings to grow their business. For the quarter, Promoted Listings delivered over $215 million of revenue, up 57% despite having lapped a major product launch that drove strong acceleration a year ago. For the full year, Promoted Listings grew 86%. This product continues to grow, in part because sellers who have adopted Promoted Listings are seeing, on average, a double-digit sales increase. 
Our total advertising revenue reached a new milestone in 2020, passing $1 billion for the year. We see tremendous growth potential remaining as this represents approximately 1% of GMV, well below industry benchmarks. We expect advertising revenue to outpace volume for the foreseeable future. 
Now I'd like to share an update on the transfer of Classifieds to Adevinta. We remain excited to bring together 2 highly complementary businesses that can create tremendous value over time. We believe the deal is on track to close as we have received the vast majority of regulatory approvals. We expect closure by the end of the first quarter, subject to the remaining regulatory approvals which we are working to obtain. 
We also recently announced that we are exploring options for our Korean business. Our 2 local platforms, Gmarket and IAC, have built leading e-commerce positions by tailoring to customer needs with innovative experiences. With a paid loyalty program of over 2.5 million members, and a growing first-party inventory program, these businesses primarily focus on new and seasoned products from B2C sellers with limited cross-border trade. As we mentioned in our press release, we will not be communicating any further information about the strategic review process until there is material information to disclose. 
I will now provide an update on the progress we have made towards our long-term vision for eBay. The 3 strategic priorities to support this vision remain the same: first, to defend our core by building compelling next-gen experiences for enthusiasts; second, to become the partner of choice for sellers; and third, to cultivate lifelong trusted relationships with our buyers. 
In the past few months, we launched several new product experiences aligned with this vision. While we still have a long way to go, we are encouraged by the initial reaction from buyers and sellers and the acceleration in GMV in several categories. During the fall in the U.S., we launched authentication for luxury watches, and quickly rolled out a similar experience to sneakers a few weeks later. We have put a greater focus on protecting buyers and sellers by preventing counterfeits and eliminating fraudulent returns. These experiences are driving significantly higher-than-average customer satisfaction, and we see opportunities to expand this capability to other verticals and markets. 
This new product experience is driving material growth in these categories for U.S. business. For luxury watches over $2,000, we saw a double-digit increase in GMV growth in Q4 versus Q3, driven by higher sell-through rates and higher average prices. For sneakers over $100, we saw triple-digit growth year-over-year in Q4. While some volume growth is due to the effects of the pandemic, significant growth drivers included the authentication rollout, pricing reductions and marketing changes. 
Sneaker buyer behavior is a great example of the power of the eBay platform. In 2020, the average customer who purchased a pair of sneakers over $100 spent a total of $2,500 on eBay. Approximately 80% of that spend was in categories outside of sneakers. We will continue to drive more cross-category shopping to grow GMV per buyer over time. 
To expand the buyer base, we are investing in new channels, including social marketing to reach more Gen Z and millennial customers. We launched a TikTok campaign called Lace 'Em Up, generating 4.7 billion views. And we also have been partnering with celebrities, famous athletes and influencers on exclusive promotions. 
Another area of non-new and season inventory we're focused on is outlet fashion. In the U.K., we launched an optimized brand outlet experience with 150 fashion brands offering products at deep discounts. This contributed to strong double-digit GMV growth in fashion ahead of U.K. market rates. We also saw active listings double and active buyers in the category grew 30% in Q4. 
Moving on to the second key priority of our vision, becoming the platform of choice for sellers. In addition to enhancements in payments and advertising, we continue to provide small businesses with more tools and capabilities to help them grow. In Q4, we added more automation and scale to sell our initiated offers. This uniquely eBay feature allows sellers to escape the limits of a buyback by enabling them to offer custom deals to individual buyers. For the year, seller-initiated offers drove over $1.2 billion of GMV. 
Another win for sellers on eBay in Q4 was in SEO. The work we have done in the past to optimize our platform for search engine ranking and visibility is paying off. SEO traffic is growing faster than paid channels and delivering more new buyers to small business sellers on eBay. 
Last, we continued to increase seller visibility in our native app by driving traffic to their eBay stores. 95% of our store subscribers have migrated to the newest experience, and they are seeing a 20% average increase in visits to their storefront. 
The third key priority of our strategy is to cultivate lifelong trusted relationships with buyers. To achieve this, we are leveraging technology to remove friction throughout the buying journey. A major focus for us has been the native app experience. 
In 2020, almost half of our global GMV was transacted in the app, and it continues to grow faster than the overall business as buyer and seller preferences evolved. We have maintained high ratings in both iOS and Android, and our app was downloaded more than 50 million times in 2020. 
To drive engagement from buyers on mobile, we have simplified item pages, made it easier to like or share an item and provided more exposure by creating direct access to seller stores. Additionally, we improved conversion by enhancing search relevance and streamlining sort and filter options, allowing app users to find what they are looking for faster.  
While we are focused on delivering our vision, we remain committed to keeping our purpose at the forefront by leveraging the power of our platform to support our communities. One way we did this last year was by helping to quickly and efficiently distribute PPE to frontline workers in the U.K. eBay partnered with the U.K.'s National Health Service, the Department for Health and Social Care and logistic partners on this effort. I am proud to report that in December, the NHS PPE portal powered by eBay reached a significant milestone. Together, we delivered more than 1 billion PPE items to more than 45,000 social care providers in the U.K. 
Another way the eBay platform provides opportunity is by enabling a thriving customer community that loves to give back. During the year that has been challenging for so many, the eBay for Charity community continues to be an inspiration. 2020 was a record-breaking year with nearly $123 million raised globally in charitable donations. The generosity showed by our buyers and sellers is amazing. The spirit of a global community centered around connection and economic opportunity for all is clearly alive and well. 
Over the course of 2020, eBay invested more than $100 million to support the growing needs of small businesses around the world through programs like Up & Running. These programs provided the access, training and resources needed to start selling online and connect new sellers to eBay's global community of buyers. And just last quarter, we announced further assistance through Up & Running grant program. In the coming weeks, we will reward a number of eBay U.S. small business sellers a grant package worth $10,000 each. 
As I've mentioned in the past, at eBay, we focus our sustainability initiatives on the most impactful goals that will help strengthen our business and provide the most value to all our stakeholders. And our commitment to climate action and transparency is being recognized externally. We were once again included in the Dow Jones Sustainability World and North America indices and recognized in the Carbon Disclosure Project A List for the first time. In the past year alone, we have avoided an additional 720,000 metric tons of carbon emissions through people selling their preowned electronics and apparel on eBay. 
In summary, we are making progress on our vision to realize the enormous untapped potential of eBay, and we have a clear road map for 2021 and beyond. Our payments transition is on track and will largely be completed this year. Our advertising business will continue to outpace volume through Promoted Listings and other products. 
As we defend the quarter, we plan to expand our new vertical experiences to more markets and innovate in more categories. To date, we have only touched a single-digit percentage of our global GMV, but in the coming years, that will expand to a majority of volume. 
To build a platform of choice for sellers, we will continue to expand the stores experience and give sellers more tools to increase velocity. We will also leverage technology to dramatically simplify the end-to-end selling process for consumer and business sellers. 
To create more lifelong buyer relationships, we will connect with them through new channels, deepen their engagement with the eBay app and deliver trusted experiences when they shop with us. Last but not least, we will continue to invest in product and technology, and evolve how we spend marketing in order to become the best marketplace in the world for buyers and sellers. 
I know we can accomplish all of this due to the fantastic team I have the privilege of leading. Our employees live our purpose in 2020, and I look forward to what we can do together for our customers in 2021 and beyond. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Andy to provide more details on our financial performance. Andy?

Yes. Thanks, Eric. Let me take the first one on verticals and then Andy can take the second. So we invested in those verticals really based on the strategy that we laid out in July of focusing on non-new and season and opportunities where we had strength to win. And if you look at those categories being watches, sneakers, which we rolled out surely after watches and then Certified Refurbished, we saw really great growth rates. I mentioned the triple-digit growth rate that we saw in sneakers. You got to remember, this was a business that had been in decline. And so to see it as strong as this shows us the power of really focusing on those verticals and the end-to-end experience for our customers.
And so while those categories represent a single-digit percentage of our GMV, the plan is to continue to roll out new category experiences from an end-to-end perspective over the course of the coming years, eventually meeting the majority of our GMV.
I will add that we included another area for us in the U.K., where we piloted a fashion brand outlet with 150 fashion brand sellers performed really well, double-digit growth ahead of the market and ahead of what we expected. And so that kind of gives us the confidence that the strategy is working and the confidence to continue to roll out more categories over the coming quarters and years.

Yes. So starting on the buyer ones. We acquired 11 million buyers over the course of the year. And what we're seeing is that the behavior, when we look at things like frequency and retention, is not different and is as strong as we've seen in past cohorts, which means they didn't just come to us for eBay to buy a specific PPE and then we won't see them again. We're doing a good job of turning a percentage of them into enthusiasts.
And what we're really focused on is how do we turn them into cross-category shoppers. So as I mentioned in the remarks, a sneaker buyer who comes into eBay is going to be worth $2,500, or they end up buying $2,500 worth of GMV. But only 20% of that is in sneakers, and 80% of that will be in other categories across the site. And that's a huge advantage for us because of the cross-category nature that we have of the platform. And it's also a specific focus and something that we lean into a lot is driving it. And a lot of that growth is coming from C2C, and is bringing Gen Z and millennials to the platform, which is also critical and part of our strategy.
In terms of the authentication, we've ramped up the amount of authenticating we're doing to now every sneaker over $100 going through the authentication platforms. And we're seeing great response and great operations there. So consumers are getting their sneakers really quickly, and the authentication process is working. And look, while it's a very, very small percentage of things that we find where there are issues, that guarantee for customers is a huge differentiator and is a big part of what's leading to the triple-digit growth. So we're leaning in a lot in terms of marketing and acquiring those customers in that category, and we're excited for what we're seeing.

Yes. And I'd say on the SEO, look, there's a number of things that we've been doing in terms of how we structure our listings and work with our content and designers that actually specifically drives it. There was some Google algorithmic change which we benefited from. And we've been doing some upper funnel, specifically in targeted verticals, which we think helps some of our lower-funnel activity. 
I think the important thing to remember is, in general, 80% of our traffic on the site is organic and people coming to us directly, and that's really one of the strengths and assets of eBay. But certainly, the SEO is helping us with our initiatives to drive cross-category purchase and drive consideration.

Yes. So look, on the cross-marketing, I think it's been important for eBay. Since I was here the first time, it continues to be a really important thing when you look at driving the CLTV of our buyers. If I go back to the sneaker example, I talked about the 80% outside the category, and that represents them purchasing in 10 categories out of that core category.
I would even broaden that question to say, we're really studying a lot that first kind of 90-day experience for a customer and looking at all the things that drive the retention of them. And so getting them to download the mobile app, getting them to shop across category, getting them to watch or save items and really driving more of our marketing technology to align to driving the retention of the buyers. And that's why we're excited to see that.
A big reason why we also focused on C2C selling is because if we acquire that buyer to come in as a buyer and then we get them to just do any kind of casual selling, they become 2 to 2.5x more valuable to us as a buyer. So really that whole kind of introductory life cycle and being really algorithmic, and using our best data science and AI, really working on our marketing technology to be able to leverage that more is a key focus for us.
And look, on the competitive landscape, we feel great about our positioning. We significantly improved the NPS of our experiences, especially in those focused verticals that we talked about. And we're seeing really good feedback from buyers and sellers. And that's always the leading indicator is that CSAT and NPS performance and what's happening there.
And so that, combined with the payment CSAT stuff we're seeing where sellers that are moving to our payments 2.0, our managed payments platform, have a 10-point higher NPS, is making us feel really good about where our competitive positioning is.
And last thing I'd say is just thinking about the scale, right? So we talked about $14 billion GMV that we grew year-on-year last year. That's more than the last 7 years combined. That's more than most vertical competitors would do in a year, we grew more than that amount. So being able to leverage those 185 million buyers, and have their purchasing cross-category is a huge and unique asset for eBay.

Yes. So first, on the advertising business, feel great about hitting the $1 billion milestone. As we look at it, a lot of that growth is being driven by the growth of Promoted Listings. And as we analyze it, we're seeing better seller penetration of people coming on the platform, better technology and tools in terms of our ability to do relevance, and we're not seeing it degrade the buyer experience, which is what gives us comfort that when we look at it in total being 1% of our total GMV that we have the opportunity to continue to have advertising growth faster than our GMV on the platform, and really based on that strength of Promoted Listings.
On your question on managed payments, absolutely. It's a huge part of the win is really streamlining the payment process and providing more payment options. Cross-border trade for us has always been a great business, a really unique business to eBay and specifically in the Greater China corridor and helps us bring on new buyers to the platform and a different type of inventory. So between what we're doing in terms of speed pack and some of the forward deployed inventory, plus now as we expand payments to Greater China, we think that will help a number of the quarters in terms of our cross-border trade business.

Yes, there's really nothing different about our thinking towards capital allocation. Our model gives us the flexibility to both invest back in our business organically and opportunistically to look at M&A as well as return capital to shareholders. Our business generates a high amount of free cash flow. We have a strong balance sheet. And I think we have a track record of both exercising discipline in our portfolio as well as maximizing value for shareholders.
So we'll continue to look opportunistically at M&A and do so for tech and talent or areas that we believe are going to accelerate the strategy that we laid out in July. 
Andy, do you want to add anything to that?

Yes. So first on the Gen Z and millennials, absolutely. It's a huge area of why we're focused on pre-owned not only because of the attractiveness there, but also just the impact on the planet. If you look at the numbers that we talked about from saving 720,000 metric tons of carbon emission.
We recently did a survey, it probably sounds like much of the survey that you've done. And what we saw is that 72% of our sellers that come and start selling on the platform are doing so because they need to earn a little bit of extra money. And some percentage of those are actually because they lost their job, and so they're looking for opportunities on just making money on the platform.
The other thing that's important to remember is that we believe that people have about $4,000 of items in their house that they can sell, less than 20% of that is online. And so there's a huge kind of social element which we're leaning into as part of that, but definitely a focus on the Gen Z millennials. And you're seeing that in sneakers, you're seeing that in what we did with our brand fashion outlet in the U.K., and you'll see us continue to focus on attracting that customer to the platform.

And before you do, I forgot that I didn't answer your advertising question. So let me just cover that one real quickly. So look, we believe that ads is beneficial for us because we essentially have a closed platform. We're able to drive the majority of that growth through Promoted Listings, where we actually can see the actual relevance, the implications, the click-throughs, all of the data that makes that impactful. So yes, that gives us, I think, a lot of bullishness in terms of the future opportunity for us in advertising, especially since we're only penetrated at 1% of GMV. And we think there's opportunities to continue to expand the number of sellers that use the platform as well as build new capabilities to make that platform even more attractive with some new tools, et cetera, which you'll see over the coming quarters and coming years.

Yes. Go ahead. Sorry about that.

I think it was just about U.S. versus international for Q1 guidance.

Yes. Sure, Bob. So look, the increase in buyer is, in part, doing a lot of the strategic work that we're doing and the focus verticals, you saw us do more marketing in the quarter, really talking about some of the new capabilities that we have out there. And we leaned in from a reinvestment standpoint to not only acquire those buyers, but to really to work on driving the retention of those buyers into our key platforms.
So obviously, in a number of countries, it's also pandemic-related relative to mobility, but we've also been leaning in to kind of take advantage of that and drive their cohort curves. And we've been impressed that we've been seeing from that perspective.
In terms of the makeup of different format, Buy It Now remains the vast majority of what's on the platform. We do see strength in auctions in areas like collectibles, which is a category that's growing strong for us. But not only does Buy It Now remains strong, but we've innovated over the years in things like best offer and in seller-initiated offers. And seller-initiated offers, as an example, is almost the inverse the best offer. Best offer is the buyer making an offer. Sellers can actually make specific individual offers to sellers who have interacted with one of their products, and we're doing $1.2 billion already in that. It's one of the unique elements of the eBay platform as auctions, best offers, seller-initiated offers are all ways for buyers and sellers to get to a negotiated price on the platform. But overall, Buy It Now still remains the vast majority of the business.

Yes. So look, the buying behavior that we saw over the course of the year, it started in PPE equipment, then went to kind of stuff that people needed to work from home or stay at home, things like fitness equipment and laptops and that type of thing. But after that, it was really broad-based and continues to be broad-based in terms of where we're acquiring buyers.
So from everything from people spending time with their hobbies and parts and accessories or fixing up their cars to Certified Refurbished on what we're doing there. We're definitely seeing strength in buyer acquisition and the focused verticals that we have been talking about. So like apparel that we worked on in the quarter with the brand fashion outlet and in the areas that we announced in the U.S., and we'll be expanding globally.
So more important for us is not where we acquire them, but getting really smart and using a lot of AI about what's the best second category, how we're using all of our tools and capabilities across marketing and the apps and the websites to get them to interact in different parts of the business. And that's where I think about it just getting a little bit better every single day in how we're able to do that is going to be what continues to help drive those numbers.
From an ads perspective, we're focused on the tools and capabilities to make it easier for sellers to use the product to give them templating and reporting of how it's doing and be able to have that closed-loop ROI on the spend that they have on the platform. To make it more applicable to C2C sellers and make it really easy there because, obviously, if you think about a sophisticated B2C seller, it's easier to interact with and much easier understands in advertising product. So that's a big component of what we're doing.
And then also just building new algorithms and relevance and machine learning into are we displaying the best thing to the buyers. So we continue to expand the program while not degrading the buying experience and, ideally, enhancing the buyer experience through what we're doing on our advertising products.
So what you'll see is just continued quarter-after-quarter innovation in that product to help us keep the -- grow the -- and reach the potential of the product and have it continue to outpace GMV for the near and medium term.