Thanks, Joe. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, I'll begin the call with key highlights from the second quarter. Then I will share some updates on the progress towards our strategic vision. At the end of my remarks, I will turn the call over to Steve, our new CFO, who will discuss our financial performance and outlook in greater detail.
The second quarter of 2021 marks several important milestones in the ongoing transformation of eBay, and I want to thank our team for making it happen. We have accelerated our pace of innovation while executing several complex transactions. Their dedication and focus has created tremendous value for our customers and shareholders. Let me start with a few of our portfolio enhancements.
We completed the transition of eBay's Classifieds business to Adevinta. This deal was originally valued at approximately $9.2 billion, but a closing in June had appreciated to $13.3 billion. Shortly after closing, we announced the deal with Permira to sell approximately $135 million of our Adevinta shares for over $2.4 billion. This agreement fulfills regulatory commitments while returning value to eBay's shareholders. We also increased our share buyback plan for the year from $2 billion to $5 billion.
In June, we announced the sale of over 80% of our Korean business to Emart for approximately $3 billion bringing together 2 leading e-commerce and retail companies that can unlock significant potential in Korea. We anticipate the deal will close either later this year or in early 2022. These portfolio changes allow us to intensify our focus on the core eBay business moving forward.
When I spoke to you last July, I outlined a renewed vision and strategic plan for the company. We set out on a multiyear journey to become the best global marketplace for sellers and buyers through a tech-led reimagination. Our priorities were to grow the core, become the platform of choice for sellers and to cultivate lifelong trusted relationships with buyers by turning them into enthusiasts. To date, our progress is very encouraging. Our underlying growth is positive and the strategy is working.
Q2 results were strong and all key business metrics met or exceeded expectations. Revenue grew 11% driven by acceleration in the payments migration and advertising growth. We funded incremental investments in product development while delivering $0.99 of non-GAAP EPS, above the high end of our range. As expected, GMV declined 11% when compared to last year when results were heavily impacted by the initial pandemic lockdown. Importantly, compared to pre-pandemic levels 2 years ago, we are seeing positive underlying GMV growth.
Our customer metrics remain healthy on both sides of our marketplace. Active sellers grew 5% to 19 million globally as more small businesses and consumers continue to turn to eBay's global platform to reach millions of potential customers from around the world. This quarter, global active buyers totaled 159 million down 2% versus last year and up 3% versus 2019. We have been focused on building lifelong trusted relationships with enthusiast buyers. Changes in our marketing mix and product investments have been focused on attracting and retaining these enthusiasts, particularly Gen Z and millennials.
In parallel, we have discontinued legacy tactics that led to low-value, infrequent or one-and-done buyers. Our buyer base is starting to evolve based on this strategy. These high-value buyers are growing compared to a year ago, and their spend on eBay is growing even faster. This higher quality mix of buyers increases value for sellers, and will lead to improved health of our ecosystem over the long term.
Moving on from buyer trends, the payments and advertising initiatives continue to deliver a simpler product experience and meaningful benefits for sellers, buyers and shareholders. Managed payments is now live in every market globally and the transition is progressing faster than expected. 
During the second quarter, we processed 71% of on-platform volume through managed payments. We exited Q2 at a run rate over 80% and are on track to process over 90% this quarter.
Managing the payments experience ourselves enables us to eliminate a pain point that sellers occasionally face on eBay, unpaid items. Changes to checkout have been made to address this issue, and today, 99% of fixed-price transactions are paid upfront. We have also started to address this issue for best offers and auctions by asking buyers to provide a payment method in order to bid. This is a significant win for sellers as it frees up inventory and reduces their post-transaction costs.
Our advertising business continues to perform well. In Q2, ad revenue outpaced volume driven by Promoted Listings, which delivered almost $224 million, up 8%. More than 1.4 million sellers promoted over 430 million listings during the quarter. Growth was driven by higher adoption and technology improvements that increased conversion.
We see tremendous growth opportunities in advertising, both from our existing Promoted Listings offerings and from new product innovations. Following a number of successful trials in Q2, we are scaling several new products globally over the next few months. Previously, sellers could only promote fixed-price listings, but now they can increase visibility for a flat fee on auctions to increase conversion.
In June, we also introduced a cost-per-click ad product to sellers in our major markets. Initial results from the first 100,000 listings showed that sellers' return ad spend was higher than industry benchmarks. We are placing more AI-powered recommendations for pricing and keyword bidding into the Seller Hub to help sellers drive particular buying.
Finally, we are beginning to syndicate ads up eBay platform to drive more buyers to listings. Importantly, sellers maintain control of pricing and visibility while benefiting from the scaled marketing capabilities of eBay. In addition to advertising and payments, we are driving a number of other site-wide initiatives. 
For consumer sellers, we are simplifying the selling process with a heavy focus on mobile. This includes easier label printing solutions in the app and faster listing through image or barcode scans. In trading cards where we first launched image-based listing, sellers are able to match scans over 80% of the time. The time it takes to create a listing has been dramatically reduced, and we plan to expand the capability to more product categories later this year.
For small business sellers, we continue to expand and optimize their eBay toolkit. To help drive repeat businesses from enthusiasts to eBay stores, we built a CRM tool that enables sellers to fund and distribute their own coupons. Since launching a few months ago, over 1 million buyers have purchased items through these targeted campaigns.
As you've heard me say in the past, we are focused on a number of categories where we are well positioned to serve both sellers and buyers. These categories are growing significantly faster than the overall business, and I'm delighted with the progress our team is making. Our innovation playbook has included increasing customer satisfaction, improving trust, growing supply and marketing to enthusiasts.
As we exited Q2, we have applied this playbook to approximately 10% of our volume across our top 3 markets. With our current plan and ongoing momentum, we expect to expand coverage to approximately 20% by the end of the year.
One of these categories is trading cards. In North America, we continue to see substantial growth with approximately $2 billion of GMV in the first half of the year, equal to all of 2020. Despite these strong results, we see additional untapped potential in the market that we plan to capture with further innovation. We recently launched price guide and collection tools aimed at trading card enthusiasts. 
These new features leverage unparalleled inventory and pricing data, allowing customers to view, manage and track the value of their collections in real time. As a leader in trading cards with 25 years of transactional data, no one is better positioned to estimate the value of every card ever sold.
In addition, the collection tool seamlessly tracks all eBay activity and off-line inventory in one place. This makes it easy for enthusiasts to assess opportunities, quickly trade and increase the value of their collections.
Sneakers and watches continue to outgrow our overall marketplace. Since launching 1 year ago, we have authenticated nearly 1 million items, enabling a game-changing level of trust. Both categories are seeing close to 90% customer satisfaction rates on authenticated transactions.
Our sneakers business saw strong double-digit growth despite tougher comps from a year ago. And based on the success, we have expanded sneaker authentication to the U.K., Canada and Australia.
Luxury watches are also sustaining double-digit growth. Improved buyer trust is leading to strong cross-category shopping behavior, similar to what we have seen in sneakers. In fact, luxury watch buyers spent $8,000 on more than 50 items in other categories, well above the average eBay buyer.
The next luxury category we are focused on is handbags. We plan to leverage a similar playbook from watches and sneakers to deliver higher NPS for buyers and sellers. We have started in the U.S. by authenticating handbags over $500 from major brands.
Refurbished electronics continues to be another area of growth across our largest markets. Our Certified Refurbished experience is strengthening relationships with best-in-class brands by opening new sales channels. We recently welcomed Samsung Galaxy to the program providing eBay buyers access to exclusive like-new products at exceptional prices.
Vehicles parts and accessories has historically been one of the strongest-performing categories on eBay and remain so today. Our platform offers a wide inventory selection supported by a robust catalog. The Fitment shopping experience matches car parts to vehicles to help buyers shop efficiently and confidently. 
In Q2, we expanded this capability by enabling a motorcycle parts finder in Germany and the U.K. We also expanded the My Garage feature, which allows buyers to store their vehicle data leading to a more tailored shopping experience to Canada, Italy, France and Spain. We plan to launch more technology-driven innovations in this category later this year to further build on our success.
Taking a step back, eBay exists to create economic opportunity for all. That purpose guides our approach to our customers, our communities and our team at eBay. This year, our leadership team's individual goals focus on accelerating meaningful change in diversity, equity and inclusion throughout every level of our company.
We formed an ESG Council composed of senior leaders across the company whose role is to guide and ensure the success of sustainability initiatives. During the quarter, we published our fifth annual impact report and third annual diversity, equity and inclusion report detailing the progress we made in the past year as well as outlining our 2025 goals. The full list of activities is extensive but I would like to share a few highlights.
We made progress on our journey to be more diverse, equitable and inclusive. Our communities of inclusion have conducted 150 events with more than 10,000 attendees in the past year. We have also continued multiyear efforts to ensure gender pay equity, resulting in 100% pay parity in the U.S. and 99.7% globally.
Another priority is managing our environmental impact. Investing in clean energy is a focus for the company, and our goal is to source 100% renewable energy by 2025. We have already reached 74% of our goal through a combination of power purchase agreements and local programs.
Just last week, we announced that we are teaming up with McDonald's in an agreement with Lightsource BP to purchase power from Louisiana's largest solar project. The electricity produced will be greater than the power used at our largest data center.
Finally, I would like to call out the incredible generosity of our buyers and sellers. During Q2, customers contributed over $35 million to their favorite causes through eBay for Charity. This represented a 16% growth versus last year, and the platform is on track to hit the 2025 goal of raising $600 million. These are just a sample of the ongoing ESG-related activities, and I encourage you to check out more at ebayinc.com.
Q2 is another step forward in the multiyear transformation of eBay. The business delivered strong results, and it's clear that our strategy is working. Customers are delighted with the innovation in our focus categories, leading to volume growth despite tougher comps from a year ago. We are harnessing the power of next-gen technology to make eBay the seller platform of choice and to attract lifelong enthusiasts.
Our payments transition is nearly complete, delivering benefits to sellers, buyers and shareholders. Our advertising product portfolio is expanding, giving sellers more tools to grow their business. And we simplified our portfolio, enabling us to focus on the core while creating significant shareholder value.
Our team continues to be relentlessly focused on executing for our customers. I'm delighted to welcome 4 new exceptional leaders to our executive team this year. In addition, we have hired critical talent in areas such as technology, AI, analytics and category management. The teams in place are well positioned to propel this business forward.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve to provide more details on our financial performance. Before I do, I want to say how excited I am to have another world-class, customer-centric leader on our team to help us realize our vision. 
Steve, over to you.

Yes. So first, on the buyer strategy. This is something that I laid out last July when we talked about the tech-led reimagination is being focused on turning buyers into lifelong enthusiasts on the platform. And moving away from the tactics that we had in 2019, where it was really just about the number of active buyers, even low-value buyers or one-and-done buyers.
I've got the whole organization pivoted to focusing on those high-value buyers, buyers that are buying over $800, buying 6 times a year or buyers who sell. And so as you think about these buyers, they're so strong at eBay. They're 20% of them, they make up 75% of GMV. And the goal is how do we turn more buyers into these lifelong enthusiasts.
I've met a lot of these buyers, they wake up and they get a cup of coffee. And they turn to eBay and open the eBay app. And our focus is really not on just the total number, but really focused on how are we driving these buyers to become enthusiasts. The metrics that we show in the board deck our trailing 12-month metric. So we're obviously lapping the buyers that we acquired in Q2. 
But going forward, our focus will really be on these long-term enthusiasts. I'm excited to say that their GMV is growing, they're growing as a population. And more and more you're going to see us doing things to drive that longevity because we know the things that move buyers up the cohort curves into long-term buyers.
On your second question on the portfolio, absolutely. A huge part of the portfolio simplification is about being able to focus on the marketplace. And as Steve talked about, we generated $20 billion in value for shareholders, starting with the StubHub transaction, but I think more importantly now, it enables us to focus all of our attention on the marketplace business. As I've talked about, we see a lot of growth opportunity in that business. The strategy that we have is working. We're in year 1 of a multiyear reimagination of eBay. 
But if you look at what we talked about a second ago with the 10%, about to reach 20% of categories, it's really working. Customer satisfaction is at 90. It's leading to very strong GMV, and we see the same potential for this innovation playbook in every category on the site. And Steve, maybe you want to take the last one?

Yes. Thanks for the question. On the first one, we're excited that as we get through managed payments, we announced that next quarter we'll be at 90%. That opens up even more opportunities for us from a how do we service our buyers and sellers. So some examples of things that we've already launched, for example, is we launched a partnership with Afterpay as an additional form of payment in Australia, allowing people to -- in that market to pay with installments. It's very strong in Australia, and that's certainly helped us in our Australia business.
In our U.K. business, we've launched a partnership that allows us to do seller financing and to help sellers out there. And we'll continue to expand in different ways throughout the globe on more opportunities around managed payments.
The other big one that I talked about earlier is that now that commerce and payments are on, and we can manage all of that on eBay, there's a lot of friction we can take out of the platform. So unpaid items is a great example where for 25 years since I was here the first time, sellers have had to face items where buyers wouldn't pay. We've now eliminated that into 99% of auctions on our way to do that in best -- I'm sorry, best offer in auctions. We've limited fixed price on our way to do it in best offer in auctions. 2 weeks ago, we had eBay Open with thousands of sellers online and we announced this, and it was massive rejoicing from them because this has been a key pain point. So the other thing I'm excited about is just eliminating those pain points.
On your question on the fulfillment service, what we saw in the U.S. and especially in our cross-border trade coming out of Greater China, for example, is the ability to forward deploy inventory is a benefit because of the predictability that it gives to buyers from that standpoint. So we're using it to help scale small businesses to drive the ability to have forward deployment and basically pass those savings on to the customer. So we're just getting started with that program, but we've learned a lot about cross-border trade, and we're excited that fulfillment service is going to help scale some of our small businesses in their cross-border inventory.

Yes. So on the first one on Promoted Listings, no, that business is doing well. So we grew at 8% in the quarter despite volume being down 11%. And we actually are starting to scale up a couple of pilots that we launched in Q2, specifically ads for auctions. What we're calling Promoted Listings Express, which is a CPC business and then an off-eBay advertising business. So we continue to see lots of potential in that business. And these 3 areas are just getting started.
On the sold items, that's really a reflection of the purposeful decisions that we've made to, one, is move away from low-value items that weren't driving the type of return in low-value buyers specifically as well as a shift to higher ASP in general because of the strategy to focus category strategy working. So we talked about the strength that we're seeing in trading cards and collectibles, already having done $2 billion this year, the same as all of last year really driving our C2C business. And C2C tends to have a higher ASP or a higher average selling price than our B2C business. And so that's also driving kind of that dynamic.
So it's actually in line with where we want it to be. We think it's healthy for the ecosystem. And we think it's going to continue to be driven that way because C2C, as we look at it, we hope to continue to outpace B2C and lean in on these categories of value like our luxury goods, collectibles, et cetera.

Yes. So on your first question on the buyer strategy, yes, we're purposely moving away from low-value buyers or kind of low CLTV, low GMV per buyers. If you remember back to 2019, we talked about that strategy and because some of these are trailing 12-month metrics, some of those numbers are actually still in our numbers even from 2019. But the reason I'm focused on is, if you look at those 50% of buyers, they only contribute 5% of GMV and the top 20% contribute 75%. And so by focusing the organization, not on just how many buyers do we have on the platform, but how many of our buyers are we turning into these high-value buyers. 
We think that's much healthier for the growth of the platform in the long term, much healthier for sellers, et cetera. Drives better with the marketing strategy that we're going after, we're really focused on the first 90 days of a customer and getting them up their life cycle. So this is going to be a purposeful strategy. You're going to see us on for years walking away from the work that we did back in 2019.
When you ask about the managed payments, what I'm really happy about is the execution from the team. If you look at when we started, for example, enabling Greater China, we got to 90% penetration within 10 weeks. And so we took the learnings from what started 2 years ago with the U.S. and Germany. And we've learned a lot as we've rolled out all of the other countries. And that pace speaks to the pace of execution of the team and what they're doing. 
I know there are a lot of questions of, would we be able to even reach the targets we had for next year originally. And I'm just excited that we're ahead of schedule, and we're starting to do things like the Afterpay and the seller financing because there's just a lot of potential for this business as we fully manage the payments by -- all through eBay.

Yes. So first, on your question on authentication. Look, we're really excited about how we've been able to scale this program. We've now authenticated 1 million items on the platform. We've expanded that authentication to -- for sneakers to U.K., Australia and Canada. This quarter, we announced that we're authenticating handbags over $500 in the U.S. And we're using a mixture of third-party and in-house resources to do so. But what we're seeing is that this authentication has a great ROI. What it's able to do in terms of driving GMV, driving new buyers into the site.
I'll just give you -- I'll reiterate the stat we talked about last quarter in sneakers, which is acquiring a Gen Z, they buy $500 in sneakers, but they buy $2,000 in other categories on the site. We're seeing the same thing in watches where a luxury watch buyer is buying $8,000 in categories outside of watches, and that's over 50 items. And that's one of the benefits of eBay is that cross-category shopping nature, and that's really hard for other competitors to replicate.
On eBay stores, we talked about being the seller platform of choice. And a big part of that is our strategy of really growing eBay stores. So this quarter, we announced a new program where it's much simpler to set up your eBay store. And I'm really excited by one of the features the team announced, which was the ability for a seller to send coupons to repeat buyers. So this is something that sellers have been asking for. We've built it in as part of the stores platform. And in just a few short months since it launched, that product already has 1 million buyers taking advantage of those coupons from sellers.
So another thing that, as we had our big eBay Open event 2 weeks ago, our sellers were really excited by, and frankly, we're just getting started on that program. So we're even continuing to make sellers aware of these new capabilities. So you'll continue to see quarter after quarter and year after year innovation on eBay stores because it's an important part of our strategy.

Yes. On your first question, I think what is important there is to think about the fact that there used to be a separate take rate associated with payments, and now what our sellers are seeing is a blended take rate. And in general, the vast majority of sellers will actually be paying lower fees when you look at the combined take rate that they pay because they're no longer paying that separate fees, and it's one single rate.
The reason you're still seeing a rise in take rate and may continue to do so is just because of the ramp of payments. So as payments ramps up, that starts to get reflected in eBay's take rate but the seller is no longer paying that PayPal or other form of payment take rate.
The second key thing for us is making sure that we return the value to the sellers for the fees that we're charging. And so when you think about the scale demand that we can bring in terms of 159 million buyers, in terms of new capabilities that we're bringing to them on the platform like the ability to go back to repeat sellers. There are areas where we've discounted our fees like in sneakers, which has worked out really well in terms of growing those categories. We look in general at the value that we provide. 
And I would say in our core business, we actually feel really good about that. And what we're seeing in our advertising business is that the ROAS or the return on ad spend that our sellers are seeing is actually higher than what they're getting on other platforms, which also, I think, speaks to the value of the demand that we're providing. I'll let Steve take the other questions.

Yes. So first, on the Promoted Listings, yes, the rollout of CPC is really to have additional ad formats and additional capabilities for sellers to drive visibility of their listings. So we talked last quarter about how we're only at 1% of GMV. And if you look at other platforms, we think there's significant potential in the kind of low- to mid-single-digit percentage of GMV. 
The backs of the existing program where we've already done over $1 billion grew 8% this quarter were really on a single type of advertising in a single format. So it was all CPA on fixed price. So as we expand now to auctions, as we expand to a CPC where we introduce more bidding capabilities for our top spot and search, that just enables sellers to have more tools. So we're in beta on that product right now.
 And I would just say, in general, we're really excited by what we're seeing because our ROAS is really strong, meaning our buyer experience is performing well and the return that the sellers are getting on that spend is productive and much more productive than they would get on other platforms.
In terms of eBay Open, I think we had a lot of really positive feedback about the unpaid item noise. I've known sellers forever, get frustrated when that happens to them, especially for a new seller. And so they're really excited that we're tackling that as part of managed payments. I'd say they're really excited by what we're doing in stores and coupons because they want to build their brand on eBay. They want to drive repeat business. And so I think they're really excited by that.
I'd say the other forum that was really well attended and had a lot of excitement was the trading cards forum. the launch of Computer Vision, where we're driving 80% of the scans are really identifying what the product is and it's simplifying the listing flow. We launched this new my collections which is a really popular feature for people because they can show up their collections. 
And we launched a price sky feature, which eBay has this treasure trove of data in the 25 years of history. Nobody has the data that we have. It's a really great asset for us. So I'd say that area and those sellers that joined in particular, we're really excited by the innovation that we're making.
I love those forums because this platform gets better by listening to our sellers and hearing their feedback, and they give us lots of ideas of things to continue to work on in the tech-led reimagination. So a great interaction. Despite being virtual, they all can't wait to be in person again like we can, but it was a really good session.