Thanks, Selim, and good afternoon, everyone. 
In Q2, we continue to execute our strategy, improving the core eBay experience, investing in service and clarifying our brand while pursuing significant opportunities in advertising and payments. 
Total GMV was up 7%, and revenue was up 6%, while active buyers grew 4%. With the addition of buyers from our recent acquisition in Japan, we now have 175 million active buyers. GMV in our Marketplace platform grew at 7% year-on-year, with U.S. Marketplace GMV growing at 6%, while international GMV grew 7%. Our StubHub platforms grew volume at 5%, and our Classifieds platforms grew revenue at 10%. Finally, we repurchased nearly 1 billion -- we returned nearly $1 billion to our shareholders through our share repurchase program, and we closed our acquisition in Japan. 
While we delivered strong earnings growth this quarter, we encountered some revenue headwinds from foreign exchange and a weaker StubHub event landscape, which will put pressure on our revenue for the second half. In addition, while core Marketplace GMV growth remains steady, we do not expect some of the key initiatives to deliver GMV acceleration until later in the year. None of this changes our strategy and approach, and we expect to deliver core GMV growth acceleration in the second half of 2018. We're focusing to an even greater extent on initiatives that will have the greatest impact on our customers and our business, including further scaling product-based commerce, Guaranteed Delivery and our new C2C selling flow, while launching a series of innovative new buyer experiences. At the same time, we're stopping work on less critical projects that are not moving the needle or are more speculative.
Now let me update you on some of the progress we made in Q2. We continue to build on our structured data efforts, including our new product-based commerce experience. We've added 12 product lines representing roughly 3% of GMV to a fully product-based experience, and we plan to expand this to more branded high-velocity products in the second half. Users that are new to eBay are responding well to product-based commerce with improved conversion. However, this has yet to translate to our existing active buyers, and we'll continue iterating on this experience until we see those conversion gains across most of our base. We continue to scale Guaranteed Delivery in the U.S., and we recently launched in Australia. We exited Q2 with nearly 300,000 sellers and 80 million live listings in the program, both significant increases versus the prior quarter. 
In the quarter, Guaranteed Delivery purchases represented 5% of volume and -- with 95% order delivery accuracy. Within our broader advertising efforts, promoted listings continued its strong growth trajectory. We launched several enhancements in Q2, including a new item recommendation tool to guide sellers on which inventory they should promote. We now have over 300,000 sellers promoting over 150 million listings, leading to revenue growth in excess of 150%, offsetting declines in nonstrategic third-party advertising. We're also adding additional first-party services, recently launching Highline Search Ads, which enables sellers to bid for header placement from the top of search results. Finally, we're seeing minimal disruption to date from GDPR to our third-party advertising revenue in Europe.
Ensuring our users have access to great customer service is an important priority for us. We continue to scale our premium service offering, Concierge, to more top buyers and sellers. Customers with access to this offering show high satisfaction and are driving higher buyer and selling activity. We recently launched a program aimed at new buyers using proactive outreach whenever we see an issue with a first purchase. We're also simplifying and modernizing our self-service platforms with an entirely new AI-based experience now live in the U.S., U.K., Germany and Australia. And we're moving more of our customer service roles in-house, with hundreds of new eBay service jobs hired over the last year, reducing our reliance on outsourced roles.
We continued to advertise our brands to drive awareness and consideration of eBay this quarter. While our brand campaign has been well-regarded externally, it's not yet materially moved the needle on consideration, which is key to driving new buyer acquisition. We'll be back in market with a new advertising campaign this quarter while also activating multiple marketing channels in the second half of the year to drive traffic and buyer activity.
Finally, we're making good progress on building our managed payment service. We recently announced that Steve Fisher, our CTO, has moved roles and will now focus solely on delivering this critical initiative for us. Product development is well underway, and we expect to launch an internal beta next week. We've also identified the sellers who will be invited into the initial phase of our new payments experience this fall, and we're looking forward to sharing additional plans in this area with our sellers at eBay Open next week.
Looking at StubHub, Q2 saw strong NBA and NHL performance in the U.S. and continued strength internationally, offset by a softer event landscape in our 3 largest genres: Concerts, theater and Major League Baseball. We expect StubHub to continue to face these landscape challenges in the second half of the year. And Classifieds delivered another quarter of strong growth, driven primarily by our platforms in Germany.
Before I close, I'd like to address the Supreme Court decision on Internet sales tax. In the recent South Dakota v. Wayfair ruling, the court left undecided some significant issues, such as what constitutes substantial nexus requiring an out-of-state seller to collect sales tax. The court did make clear that state tax laws must provide protection for small sellers. We do not currently anticipate any material impact on our business in 2018. Beyond that, any impact will depend upon a number of factors that will take time to play out, including whether the federal government preempts the states or otherwise enacts legislation to protect small business, as well as the effect on states that enact marketplace collection obligations. In the Supreme Court case, South Dakota set a small business exemption threshold of $100,000, which we believe is far too low for states that are more populous. However, hypothetically, if that threshold were applied to each individual state, approximately 80% of our GMV would be excluded from sales tax. 
You can expect us to continue to work with our community and Congress to urge lawmakers to provide clear tax rules with a strong small business exemption that will allow our sellers to continue to grow and flourish. Regardless of how it plays out, eBay sellers currently have the ability to collect applicable taxes on their eBay transactions, and we will have the capability to collect and remit sales tax on behalf of our sellers, should that become a requirement.
In summary, we continue to make progress improving the eBay customer experience. While the first half of 2018 has brought some unanticipated challenges that I outlined earlier, we expect core acceleration in the second half while delivering very strong earnings growth. 
Now let me turn it over to Scott to provide more details on our quarterly financial results and on our outlook.

Thanks, Brian. I'll let Scott talk about the translation of revenue, but let me just talk about the business drivers. So there are really 2 significant drivers to the second half. The first is the product and customer experience, and the second is marketing. On the product, we have some significant product changes coming into the market, some of which are already in the market performing well which we're going to scale. So I mentioned Guaranteed Delivery, already out, scaling, performing well. Our new C2C selling flow, delivering meaningful consumer selling conversion, scaling, already out in the market. Structured data's tentacles are now touching every part of the company, and they're making a meaningful impact in many areas. The one area that we've still got to iterate is on the full product-based buyer experience, where, as I mentioned in my remarks, we're seeing really good conversion from brand-new buyers who come to eBay, and we have some work to do on the existing base. So on the product side, we've been working, as you know, at this for quite a while. We've driven improved acceleration and better operating results over time, and we believe that, that will continue in the second half. At the same time, because we're seeing good performance of new buyers that come to eBay, we want to bring more of them. And to do that, we're going to continue to activate our marketing channels and market aggressively. We are responding to a competitive e-commerce landscape. We love our proposition. We think that when people come to eBay, that they see what a great proposition we have. So you can expect us to light up our brand in the second half further, you can expect us to be active in all marketing channels and to plus that up along with the new product releases. So all of that, obviously, helped us factor in to the guide on core acceleration. Scott can talk a little bit about the core GMV-to-revenue translation.

And let me just comment on that as well, which is it's incredibly important to me that we are disciplined in our project approach, that we are always allocating resource just towards the highest-value customer projects, that we experiment, and when things don't work, we reallocate and we kill those projects. We do that always. In this case, because we had, at the top, particularly of the technology organization, a significant reorganization with Steve moving to payments, it gave us an opportunity several years into this journey to take a deep look and to say, okay, we need to plus these things up, and there were other areas that we just weren't getting a return on them. So I think it's really good discipline to stop projects that aren't working and reallocate to projects that are. Where resource is fungible, we move it, but not all resource is. And that's what you saw us do in Q2.

On the second part of the question, I probably won't get into specifics, but we make a lot of bets, and some of them are very long-term bets and some of them are experiments. And we've experimented with all kinds of new mediums of human-to-computer interface, and we've experimented with just a lot of -- I think it's very healthy for us to constantly experiment and have a portfolio of projects that are both near and far. And on some of the far ones, we're continuing and some we're not. And again, I don't want to get into a laundry list of small projects, but the overall reduction of force was not very large and it reflects the fact that we stopped things that I think should have been stopped and that resource was not re-allocable. On the question about the second half, like part of it, I think, Heath, is things that it's not that they didn't deliver but they're taking longer than we probably would have hoped in January. So I look at where we have Guaranteed Delivery in C2C in the market and many of the tentacles of structured data, I'm really pleased with what they've done, but we have not been able to move them out as fast as I originally would've hoped, quite honestly. And in some ways, that gives me confidence that we will get benefit from it, we just need to move them out to -- and get more surface area. Another great example would be the brand. So on brand, I'm really happy that we are investing and we're sticking to investing in our brand. I think everybody that I've spoken to from our customers to our investors understands that we have an incredible brand, but one that can be easily misunderstood, and it's our job to close that perception gap. But brands take time, and we -- when I look at the underlying metrics, I said, I think, last call or the one before, what I'm holding our brand spend accountable for is moving aided consideration. And we are beginning to see aided consideration move. It hasn't yet translated to our buyer growth number. I believe it will, but we've got to be persistent and run the company for the long-term and not shut it off because it didn't make an impact this quarter. So there's an example of things that I think are both, projects that we shut down, or projects that we believe will swing through and deliver for us in the second half and beyond.

No. It might just be worth adding that one of the headwinds in the U.S. business was the export business this quarter given the strengthening dollar. So we did see, as the dollar strengthened, U.S. exports came under pressure, and that contributed to the 1 point decel in the U.S. business.

I think -- look, I think it's very early, but I would say we're really pleased with where Australia is. It's performing very well. We have a great customer proposition, and we don't see any change in trend. We're really pleased with Australia.

On the first part, I think so far, we've done pretty well making substantial changes to the Marketplace without disrupting it. I got a lot of questions a year ago about why we weren't moving faster, and my answer was always because we don't -- we want to make it work for both new customers and existing customers. And many of the things we've done, I believe, have done that. But when we -- not everything is that easy. And when you have a very large, habituated Marketplace and you're making substantial changes to the user experience, some of it takes time, and that time may be design challenges, its front-end product challenges. I think we're on to a really powerful product experience that both simplifies eBay, but equally doesn't mimic anyone else and it shows what we're great at, which is the spectrum of value, our incredible advantage in inventory and in prices for consumers, without necessarily having, in commodity, high-velocity items, having them wade through hundreds of thousands of individual listings. That's what we're trying to accomplish. You get a new buyer who is not habituated to a way of doing things and they love it. Existing buyers have -- take more time, and we have to thread the needle about not disrupting their experience, but also bringing about that trade-off of simplicity but differentiation. And we see pockets of it, but it does take time. And overall, I feel very good about it, I feel like we're absolutely on the right path, and I feel confident that we're going to get the benefit out of it, that in particular, that we're expecting. What -- the second part of the question was on -- oh, brand versus promo. You know what, the way I look at it is we spend and experiment in a variety of different ways to drive value in the Marketplace. For me, value means what it says. I've often also said you can buy growth, it's not that hard, there are plenty of companies out there that do it. We've always been disciplined in the way that we spend, and we're always experimenting. So yes, we do promos now. The market -- a couple of years ago, we added a strong deals program for the holidays. Why did we do that? We did it because consumers were demanding it. And what we found is if we do it the right way, we don't just get growth in that holiday quarter, we get the CLV benefit of those customers. I'd say we're experimenting right now with these promos. We're experimenting with generating activity, bringing new customers in and then seeing what happens. And it's kind of early to look at the cohort of customers that have come in through this promotional activity to know whether we'll get the value, but that's exactly why we're doing it, so that we can measure it and make sure that we're not destroying value, that we're adopting to the market, but also getting value out of every marketing dollar or promo dollar.

I'll handle StubHub. Scott will handle taxes. I don't think anything changed with StubHub. You don't have to look very far to look at the underlying event landscape in Q2. It was a historically bad MLB start of the season, some of that caused by a historically high number of rainouts. And it was a 4-game NBA series, it was a 5-game Final Series, it was a 5-game hockey series. There were just a lot of things that broke the wrong way on the landscape. And as we've said quarter-to-quarter, when you have high market share in the U.S. that -- it is what it is. It comes with the event landscape. So I don't believe any change in the underlying dynamics. I think we just had a tough landscape. And as we said, right now, we don't see any particular reason to believe the landscape will get better in the second half, but to me, StubHub's underlying market position, business position, has not changed.

Doug, on tariffs, there's been 0 impact to date. All the tariff activity has been on raw materials, commodities and agricultural products, none of which directly impact us. But obviously, we're watching it very carefully, like every business is. And at this point, we don't see any reason that it will pose a near-term risk to our business. But you tell me what's going to happen with the trade wars and I'll let you know. But so far, we're -- we've steered the business clear of anything that's happened to date. On India, so the first step will be when the Flipkart transaction closes. As you heard Scott say, we'll monetize our investment in Flipkart. Then the anticipation is that we'll come back into the Indian market through both an import and an export strategy. We'll start with export, meaning Indian sellers selling on other marketplace platforms around the world. That was something that we turned over to Flipkart. We're going to get that back upon the closing of the transaction. So we'll light up the Indian seller base to sell across all of our major markets. And the second step will be the reintroduction of ebayindia.com. And I don't yet have any timing on that because we don't -- we're not exactly sure when the Flipkart transaction's going to close. But the idea would be to lead with exports and imports, to lead with India with differentiated import inventory, and from the moment the transaction closes, to have the export business up and running. That's our approach.

I'll take the World Cup. In the scheme of things, no. We saw an impact on -- every World Cup game saw a reduction in buying activity, but in the scheme of the size of our marketplace, it's not that meaningful. And we got some StubHub GMS internationally out of World Cup. So I don't -- I think it netted to -- basically, it's probably a small down but nothing that would have shown up or material. And Scott, on the second part?

Yes, good questions. On eBay Plus, so we now have eBay Plus in Germany and in Australia, and I'm really pleased with the results. Now let's keep in mind that the programs are slightly different based on where they are, and I suspect that if eBay Plus moves out of those markets, they'll change as well. I don't -- in Australia, as an example, it's not purely a shipping program. It's also got a partnership with flybuys, which is a big national loyalty network for purchasing credit outside our network, for things like groceries and gas and other things. In Germany, it's preferential access to deals and other benefits. So I -- right now, when I look at Australia that just introduced this, the uptake -- early, it's super early, but the uptake has well exceeded our expectations. We're very pleased with where that went, including this week, where you saw a lot of global retail activity. And we used the opportunity around Prime Day to market our propositions, and we saw a great uptake of eBay Plus in Australia around this week, which I'm really, really pleased with. Could eBay Plus move out? I think it could. We're obviously looking at that. I don't think the proposition will equal the same thing everywhere, but I like the idea of a loyalty program that brings differential benefits to our most loyal customers, and we'll see where it goes from there. Nothing to say at this point.

You're talking about our advertising business, not us advertising?

Look, I think that advertising, along with payments, are 2 of the most significant midterm opportunities that we have. And the one that I would point at most strongly is promoted listings, first-party advertising. It -- our growth trajectory is very strong, as you've heard on the last 3 or 4 earnings calls. And when I look at the ratio of first-party advertising on eBay compared to our GMV, I don't -- I think we're not even in the first inning. There is a lot of runway to grow that business, and we are putting a lot of muscle into growing it. And I do believe that it is a meaningful revenue stream. I mean, you heard from Scott, it was meaningful this quarter, showing up in transaction revenue. And we're just getting started. So when I look out, not too long, but in the, call it, midterm, you've got our core business that we're putting an intense amount of focus on that we are leaning into to accelerate. We are very focused on these 2 kind of, let's call it, new midterm opportunities: Payments, which we've talked a lot about in the last 2 earnings calls; and advertising, which are the over-the-top, really exciting opportunities that we're investing in. And kind of that's the way I look at the next period, short to midterm, playing out, is keep improving the core, generate acceleration in the second half and invest in and get prepared for the over-the-top new opportunities in advertising and payments.

Well, the answer -- look, I don't -- I never really talk about Google's impact on us, but I'd just say, putting aside the impact to us, what we've seen consistently is that not all of our, let's call it SEO pages, are built on structured data, we've been moving them aggressively. The ones that are have performed extremely well, the ones that are not have continued to be under pressure. And that means that our job is to move it all, and that's what we're doing as fast as we can. But where we've built our SEO beachhead on our structured data footprint, we've continued to see improvements in ranking and traffic. And where we have not yet moved, we've continued, over the last several years, to see degradation. So the imperative is to keep moving it, keep going and get it all over as quickly as we can.