Thanks, Joe. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, I'll begin by sharing highlights since our last earnings call. Then I will focus on the near-term progress we are making towards our strategic vision. And finally, provide a short preview of our Investor Day in 2 weeks. At the end of my remarks, I will turn the call over to Steve, who will discuss our financial performance and outlook in greater detail.  
The fourth quarter marked another solid quarter for sellers and buyers on eBay. They benefited from investments in our strategy to drive sustainable growth in our marketplace. We are simplifying the seller and buyer experience, increasing customer satisfaction and improving our underlying growth trajectory.  
Let me highlight a few achievements from the quarter. We are seeing faster GMV growth in focus categories that now represent approximately 20% of global volume. We successfully completed our multiyear payments transition on time with more customer benefits and with greater financial impact than expected. Our advertising business grew faster than marketplace volume as more sellers adopted new ad products. We delivered revenue growth at the high end of our expectations and earnings growth above guidance. And finally, we continue to execute our ESG agenda. In addition to being carbon-neutral, we made progress on our long-term sustainability targets, and eBay for Charity finished a record-breaking year.  
I'm very pleased with our Q4 financial results. We delivered 5% revenue growth on the back of payments migration and Promoted Listings growth. We also delivered $1.05 of non-GAAP EPS, more than the high end of expectations. For the full year, revenue was up 15%, and non-GAAP EPS was up 21%.  
As proud as I am of our team for delivering these results, I am more excited about eBay's future based on the response from our customers to the strategy we are implementing. This is evident in focused categories. We are delivering best-in-class customer satisfaction, and it is leading to faster GMV growth. In Q4, focus categories grew 15 points faster than the rest of the marketplace.  
The next category we are focused on is motors, parts and accessories or P&A for short. This is one of our largest categories globally and is full of enthusiasts who are passionate about what they trade on eBay. Many are very active buyers who shop in multiple categories, with over 60% of the eBay spend coming on products outside P&A. 
Starting in December, we began investing in top-of-funnel marketing across TV, radio and social sales in partnership with key industry influencers. These ads highlight the valuable choices P&A enthusiasts have on eBay across hundreds of millions of listings. In addition, we implemented monetization changes to higher-priced items and saw an increase in listings during Q4. 
We are leveraging the scale of our supply in new ways. With input from our P&A sellers, we simplified our global category structure. This makes it easier for buyers to find unique parts from around the world, unlocking more cross-border trade. These initial changes led to modestly better performance in P&A GMV during Q4 relative to the overall business. It's early days, and we plan to make further investments this year to improve our trajectory in this category.  
In focus categories where we have been investing for several quarters, we have seen growth sustained at higher levels. Sneakers over $100 continued to grow double digits globally. Our success in the U.S. is being replicated in other major markets. Part of that success is authentication, which is scaled to 5 countries over the past year. And in Q4, we started authenticating cross-border transactions into the U.S.  
But we are not stopping there. Last quarter, we acquired Sneaker Con, a leading authenticator with operations in the U.S., U.K., Canada, Australia and Germany. By bringing additional capacity in-house, we increased the scale and flexibility of our operations. We also introduced 3D true view on select listings. This capability increases trust for buyers shopping for unique, high-value pre-owned items.  
Given our success in driving customer satisfaction to over 90% and sustained double-digit GMV growth, we have reintroduced monetization in the U.S. for sneakers over $100. The initial customer feedback has been encouraging as sellers continue to benefit from a lower take rate than many other platforms. Sellers are also listing more luxury watches on eBay. We saw a double-digit increase in supply quarter-over-quarter, and total GMV in this category continues to grow at strong double-digit rates in the U.S.  
In Germany and the U.K., authentication is also leading to higher customer satisfaction.  
In luxury handbags, we saw acceleration in Q4 to positive double-digit growth in the U.S. Based on the success of authenticity guarantee, we are growing the number of brands covered by the program. In addition, we have expanded selection by authenticating cross-border imports from Japan, a key source of unique inventory. And just a few weeks ago, we announced authenticity guarantee for all single ungraded trading cards sold for over $750 in the U.S. We plan to expand this offering to include graded autograph and pass cars sold for more than $250 later this year.  
As we exited 2021, our Certified Refurbished program had expanded to over 320 brands. This program now includes brands like Microsoft, Dyson, Samsung Galaxy and KitchenAid. And as a reminder, these products are certified by the manufacturer, are like new and are backed by a 2-year warranty and eBay's money back guarantee. Higher trust has increased customer satisfaction and accelerated GMV to positive double-digit rates. Certified Refurbished products from top brands make up a small percentage of the total refurb activity on eBay but are growing significantly faster. This has inspired us to expand further. And in November, we announced eBay Refurbished, a destination for like new products. This expanded experience adds more inventory from top-rated sellers. These trusted sellers are thoroughly vetted to meet rigorous performance standards so buyers can purchase with even greater confidence.  
In Q4, we saw promising early results from this expansion in mobile phones and plan to extend to tablets, smart watches and laptops this year.  
In addition to improvements in focus categories, we made a number of changes during Q4 that benefited sellers and buyers across all categories globally. We've started a pilot with our API sellers to add video to their listings. To date, we have seen hundreds of thousands of listings add video content. Buyers get a rich shopping experience on individual item pages and in seller stores. Looking ahead, we plan to enable more sellers to tell their story by adding videos through additional listing flows.  
Another new growth capability we are scaling for sellers is coded coupons. Since launch, sellers have realized over $350 million in GMV. Over 60,000 sellers have driven repeat purchases from almost 6 million buyers. Buyer trust is essential in a third-party marketplace and is an area of focus for our technology investment.  
In Q4, we leveraged artificial intelligence to significantly decrease the time to detect and remove counterfeits. In the categories where it has been deployed to date, most listings are renewed before a buyer has a chance to see it. These are a few recent examples of how we are using technology to increase trust while simplifying seller and buyer experiences.  
Moving on to payments. In Q4, we completed the transition to a modern payments platform by migrating all remaining sellers away from the legacy system. This has resulted in a simpler seller experience, lower fees for most sellers, more choice for buyers and better-than-expected financial results. Although this marks the culmination of a major multiyear effort, in reality, this is just the beginning. By managing seller and buyer money flows, we can remove transactional friction and provide more trusted services. We've been systematically eliminating unpaid items, which removed friction for approximately 10 million transactions in 2021. In addition, sellers are being paid faster for weekend sales in most major markets.  
We are also exploring new ways to allow sellers and buyers to benefit from our scale. In the U.S., we recently launched a partnership with Chase Freedom rewards that increases top-of-funnel impressions, driving buyer traffic to eBay. We are excited by the value payments has provided our seller and buyer community, and we see more growth opportunities ahead.  
Moving to advertising. In Q4, ad revenue growth once again outpaced volume due to Promoted Listings, driving approximately $227 million in revenue, up 4%. Adoption grew at double-digit rates in both the number of sellers and the number of listings promoted. Looking at the full year, our advertising business, including both first-party and third-party ad products, surpassed $1 billion, up 9%. To drive the next growth cycle in advertising, we expanded the rollout of new products to more sellers and markets during the quarter.  
PL Express, our auction listings product, was fully launched to all major markets. We also integrated this feature into more listing tools to drive further adoption. For PL Advanced, our cost per click offering, we opened access to AI-driven recommendations for keywords and bid pricing. While this product remains in a limited beta as we optimize the customer experience, we are increasing exposure and streamlining reporting for sellers.  
For external Promoted Listings, we continue to ramp more affiliate traffic through the eBay partner network. We also increased traffic from external paid search to Promoted Listings in European markets. Participating sellers are seeing increased traffic and conversion while maintaining control over ad pricing.  
We have carefully meted the rollout out of these new products while balancing impacts to our buyer experience. Despite the limited release, new ad products provide a material contribution to Promoted Listings revenue growth in Q4. We expect this to accelerate in the coming quarters as availability and adoption of these new product increases.  
Another area where we made significant progress last year was in e-commerce. Volume of pre-loved products grew faster than new products in 2021 driven by demand from younger consumers. For the full year, we delivered $2.7 billion of GMV in pre-loved electronics and apparel in the U.S., U.K. and Canada.  
In addition to providing customers great value on unique used goods, e-commerce activity also helped to meet our sustainability goals. These purchases reduced carbon emissions by approximately 540,000 metric tons in 2021. eBay is a carbon-neutral company, and I'm thrilled by the recognition we recently received as a sustainability leader in e-commerce.  
For the third year running, eBay has made the Dow Jones Sustainability World in North American indices, putting us in the top 10% of companies in our industry globally. eBay was also included in Just Capital and CNBC's Just 100 list. This list measures corporate performance and efforts in areas such as climate change, DE&I and employee wellness. When compared to nearly 1,000 companies, eBay ranked 88th overall and fourth in retail when it comes to minimizing our environmental impact. I'm really proud of the progress our team is making here.  
The eBay community continues to demonstrate its tremendous generosity. In Q4, eBay for Charity enabled sellers and buyers to raise almost $37 million, up 6%. And for the year, customers raised over $145 million, up 18%, the most raised since we started this program almost 20 years ago.  
Lastly, we were honored this year to receive Glassdoor's 2022 Employees' Choice Award. This award reflects anonymous feedback from current and former employees regarding topics such as crew opportunities, culture and values, and diversity inclusion, just to name a few. We are truly honored to be recognized by the people who make eBay the company it is.  
Now I would like to talk about our upcoming Investor Day on March 10. In July of 2020, I outlined a clear vision of a winning strategy for the company. Since that time, we increased our focus on sellers and buyers, accelerated the pace of innovation, simplified the portfolio and revamped the leadership team. We also drove successful multiyear initiatives in payments and advertising, both of which exceeded ambitious targets. This unprecedented level of change in eBay all happened in parallel with a global pandemic that massively disrupted short-term consumer behavior. Their early results have demonstrated that our strategy is working, and the business is stronger than it was before the pandemic. Our focus categories are returning to market rates of growth. High-value buyers are growing, and they are spending more. We are empowering sellers by simplifying their experience, saving them money and providing tools to accelerate their growth.  
Our technology investments are driving a simpler and more sustainable marketplace. And along the way, our investors have been rewarded with strong earnings growth and significant capital returns.  
Looking ahead, we're excited about the next few years as we build on the momentum we have established. I look forward to introducing you to our world-class leadership team and sharing more about our plans, along with a few new initiatives we will unveil at Investor Day. We have our eyes squarely focused on deepening our relationship with sellers and buyers and building the world's most sustainable marketplace for the eBay community.  
In closing, I would like to sincerely thank our extraordinary employees for an amazing year. They completed a huge payments transition, executed 2 large dispositions and improved the underlying growth of our business. While doing so, they delivered tremendous sustainability results and supported sellers and buyers during these challenging times.  
With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve to provide more details on our financial performance. Steve, over to you.

Yes. So Scott, this is Jamie. So on the U.S. versus international, as we talked about last quarter, there's a couple of dynamics that are impacting the differences in the growth rate. First, on the macro side, just different markets, GDP growth, inflation growth, retail growth are different and lower in Europe than what we're seeing in the U.S. We've talked about the supply chain challenges, which have a bigger impact on our international business than on our U.S. business. So in some cases in the U.S., we're favored by it in things like video graphics cards, which are in high demand. 
At the same time, we have a strong cross-border trade business, and some of our sellers are impacted by some of the supply chain dynamics and export challenges. And that hits our international segment more than our U.S. segment.  
The third component is really the focus categories are much more nascent in our international business than in the U.S. So think a category like watches, which has been live for several quarters in the U.S., we just rolled that out to U.K. and Germany this quarter, ditto with some of our other products and focus categories where they're still rolling it off to our international markets. And as we've seen, it takes a few quarters for us to achieve the growth rate levels that we saw in the U.S. But we believe that, that playbook will apply and that will help the convergence that you talked about.  
The last thing is really just the collectible difference between the 2 markets. Trading cards and that whole segment is stronger in the U.S. than it is in international. So it's a long way to say that there's a number of factors that are at play there. But yes, we believe, over time, as the categories roll out, that will drive the convergence as well as some of the macro effects like the supply chain and other pieces change over time.  
On your second question on M&A, yes, we continue to look at M&A as an opportunity to accelerate our tech-led reimagination. We've said we will be opportunistic to look at areas that are asset-light and consistent with our business to drive the strategy that we've laid out. The example I would point to is, most recently, Sneaker Con and that investment with authentication properties and services in 5 different countries enabling us to accelerate even faster what's happening on sneakers, where we've seen really great success. In fact, we think the playbook has worked well enough now that we're actually remonetizing sneakers this quarter for sneakers over $100. So it gives us scale, and it gives us flexibility, and that was the point of the acquisition.

Yes. So thanks for the question. So we agree with you. So we think the benefit of having multiple advertising products is to appeal to not only multiple types of sellers but multiple types of advertising occasions. So we built our first $1 billion business over the last 5 years on a single product, which is a CPA-based product. And we've introduced 3 new products: Express, which is a fixed price, easy-to-understand product; external, which is really just an opt-in product for our external promoter listings, so that one is pretty straightforward: and then Advanced, which is actually a quite sophisticated product for SMBs, ones that are more used to keyword bidding, campaigns, daily budget levels, CPC amounts, et cetera. 
And so what I would say is that we're happy because the CPA-based product, our product that's out there for 5 years, is actually a pretty easy product and a low-risk product, meaning, I only pay when I sell the product from that perspective. But we're also excited that the new products actually round out the portfolio of opportunities to drive advertisement. 
The Advanced ones like CPC are still in a nascent stage. So we're still in a limited beta with those products. And it's really -- it'll take time just like it did for multi-years with the CPA to build the optimization, to drive trial, to drive adoption, et cetera. But exactly what you said is why we have the portfolio of products. And yes, we continue to look at ways to leverage artificial intelligence and other things to make not only the products easier for sellers to adopt, but also make them more effective in terms of the ROAS or the return on ad spend that we're seeing. Thus far, we've been really pleased with the ROAS that sellers are getting and shows us that there's continued opportunity in our advertising portfolio.

Yes. So I'll start with the first one, and then, Steve, you can take the margin question. So on the focus category, yes, over time, we will be adding additional focus categories. Our next one is parts and accessories. And that category is a very large category on eBay, one where we come in from a position of strength. Especially in the U.K. and Germany, we have a market-leading position. There are some differences. Trading cards had a very strong year in '21. And so thus far, the category is performing well. But overall, I would say, yes, we think that the focus categories will continue to maintain a significant margin to the rest of the business. 
And frankly, it's why we're excited and why we're investing, to your second question. If I just back up and take sneakers. Sneakers have been declining for 3 years, John, at double digits. We invested in the category. We've built critical specific marketing campaigns. We built an A+ experience that had over 90 customer satisfaction. And what you saw there is that the business really took off. We grew triple digits a year ago, still doing double digits in that business. And in fact, the category is still healthy now that we're actually remonetizing it. So we just reintroduced monetization over $100 for sneakers. And that's part of the investment that we're looking to do in '22 is to continue to roll out this winning formula that we have in the playbook to additional categories.

Yes. So look, on high-value buyers, we've talked about the shift in strategy where back in 2019, we were focused on the total number of active buyers. And I've refocused the organization since last July on this idea of turning buyers into enthusiasts and really focusing on our high-value buyers. High-value buyers, if you look at it, are really made up of 2 groups, buyers who sell and then high-value buyers, buyers who buy over $800 and shop 6 times a year. When we look at high-value buyers in total this quarter, they're up 3% year on 2 year, whereas our low-value buyers are down 9% year on 2 year. So this is a very conscious strategy to not do low ASP couponing and some of the stuff that we were doing. 
To your question, both of -- these metrics for buyers are trailing 12-metric -- 12-month metric. So what we're seeing is a slight deceleration from the infrequent sellers, and that's something that we had planned to see and will likely see for coming quarters in some time period. But the second group, the enthusiast buyers, is growing. And in fact, their spend is growing more each quarter so that it grew again this quarter. We call those our enthusiast buyers. I've met a lot of these enthusiast buyers, right? They wake up. They grab a cup of coffee, and they open up the eBay app. They shop eBay across multiple categories. And when you look at their spend, it's a very healthy spend level, right, $2,000-plus. 
So what we're going to be focused on is things like driving the cross-category shopping nature of those buyers. And so take watches, for example, when we acquire a watch buyer, we'll get them to spend $9,000 in watches, but they'll go on to spend $7,000 in other categories. So we get this multiplier effect on eBay from being able to acquire somebody into a category and having them spend across the vast breadth that we offer. 
So you'll see different patterns over time. We'll continue to see some deceleration from these infrequent sellers. And quarter-to-quarter, we may see some changes in high-value buyers. But overall, when we look at the trajectory of what we're doing is we're making the business a whole lot healthier by focusing on this group, getting to go cross-category and, frankly, acquiring enthusiasts right into our focus categories. That's the strategy that we'll have, and we'll go into more detail on Investor Day on March 10 on that.

Yes. So as you've seen, Colin, I don't like to talk about where we're going next for competitive reasons and kind of giving away what is our next focus area. So the other one that we've announced is going after parts and accessories next as a large category dominant market leader position and a great opportunity for us. We talked about investment. You're starting to see full funnel marketing from what we're doing in parts and accessories from a leading position as well as a number of product changes like opening up our global category structure to make it easier to do cross-border trade business, putting all of our parts into the vehicles apps, et cetera. And so we'll go into a lot more depth on Investor Day at what we're seeing in the focus categories that we worked on and our path forward, but that's all that we've announced up until this point.

Yes. A good example of that is in sneakers, right? So I talked about us remonetizing sneakers for sneakers over $100. We're still a great value for buyers and sellers versus other places that they can sell and buy sneakers. So we feel great about that. And that's the feedback that we've gotten from the community. We'll continue to make other smart changes like we did in parts and accessories, in watches and in certain categories constantly with this viewpoint of how do we provide the right value for our sellers on the platform to make sure we're bringing the best inventory on.

Yes. So in general, we obviously studied the elasticity quite a bit. And what I was saying about sneakers is true, which is we're maintaining a double-digit growth in that category. And relative to other places that they can sell their sneakers, we're still very economical and the best value for doing so. So we always look at the elasticity, what's our opportunity to bring more demand. In certain cases, we do, for example, C2C promotions to bring sellers onto the platform in our various markets. But we're kind of rebalanced obviously being a great value for our sellers and our, ultimately, monetization. 
I'd probably point you back, Ed, to what Steve said about advertising, which is the main vector for us in terms of driving monetization across the board and increasing the take rate. Other than that, we're really just looking at category by category and making sure that we're competitive.

Yes, Tom. So on the videos, what I would say it's very, very early days. So we just rolled out the feature. Excited about it from 2 elements, though. One is excited for our eBay store sellers that they can now build a video to tell their story. One of the unique parts of eBay is it's not just a transactional model. So if you look at some of these models, your brand doesn't meet a whole lot. At eBay, we let the seller really build the brand and have access to 160 million buyers. And so that, I think, will be really powerful as more and more sellers adopt it. 
The same thing is true for our listings and bringing video across the platform. One is it just makes the engagement of the platform much more compelling. I think about an oboe I recently bought them a platform of 2 quarters ago from my daughter. It was great, lots of pictures and lots of description, but god, a video and being able to hear it would have been even more compelling. You could think about that in a lot of categories. 
So it's really early days. We're just adopting it for our API-based sellers and moving into our core listing flows. But we think over the coming quarters and years, it'll be an exciting new element for us on eBay.

Yes. Great. So even really pioneered e-commerce, and I think the strategy we laid out last July of leaning into e-commerce, is leaning into right where the next generation is going. And I'm really happy because not only leading into where Gen Z is, but we're keeping products in circulation, keeping them out of the landfill. 
We did a survey recently, and 87% of respondents said they had sold preowned goods in the last 12 months. And it's really important to Gen Z because it plays a huge role in their experience. 81% of Gen Z said that buying preowned items has become more common for them in the last year. So we feel great from a business perspective, but also from an ESG perspective. 
If you think about what e-commerce does, we just made the Dow Jones Sustainability World in North America indices for the third year in a row. I talked about some of the other recognition that we had as an organization. We've saved hundreds of millions of dollars in terms of emissions, just in apparel and preloved electronics. So from an ESG standpoint, we think ESG is so core to what eBay does, that we should be in every ESG fund. So both from a business and an ESG standpoint, we think we're leaning into a great vector of growth.