Thanks, Joe, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, I'll walk you through some of the key highlights from the quarter and update you on our new Tech-led Reimagination of the company. Then I will turn the call over to Andy to discuss our recent performance and near-term outlook.
Before I do that, I'd like to take a moment and reflect on a major milestone eBay passed last month. 25 years ago, during Labor Day weekend, our Founder, Pierre, launched eBay as a technology experiment. The operation was to create an open, fair and trusted marketplace that empower people and create economic opportunity for all. Since our inception, eBay pioneered online shopping and has become an iconic brand that has shaped the modern e-commerce landscape. We are very proud of our accomplishments. And today, we connect over 183 million buyers to nearly 19 million sellers around the world in a broad and diverse set of categories. We are operating during historic times when our buyers and sellers need us most while supporting our employees who are working hard to meet the needs of our customers and investing to their own reality. As we look ahead to the next 25 years, our vision is to become the best global marketplace to buy and sell goods through a Tech-led Reimagination of eBay. I will come back to this in a moment, but first, let me talk about our most recent achievements.
In the third quarter, we delivered strong results. Earlier this month, we updated how we report classifies. But to be clear, on apples-to-apples basis, we performed better than expectations on both the top and bottom lines. Gross merchandise volume in Marketplace grew 21%. To put that in perspective, we added over 4 billion in volume in Q3 versus last year, more than many businesses do annually. Active buyers increased over 183 million globally. Organic revenue grew faster than volume, up 26%, driven by payments and advertising. The Managed Payments migration made significant progress in Q3 and is delivering buyers and sellers a simplified end-to-end experience.
Starting with 5 of our largest markets, we focused first on transitioning business sellers to the new payments platform. As a result, we exited the quarter with over 340,000 sellers migrated. During the quarter, eBay Managed Payments for over 20% of on-platform volume. Additionally, we informed sellers that we are expanding Managed Payments to France, Italy and Spain in early 2021, and we will begin to migrate consumer sellers in Q4 in the U.S. We remain on track and expect to complete the vast majority of our transition by the end of next year.
Seller feedback has been encouraging as the NPS from sellers in Managed Payments has averaged more than 10 points higher than the NPS of sellers who have yet to migrate. Buyers love the flexibility, choice and ease-of-use. We are seeing new and reactivated buyers using alternate forms of payment like credit and debit cards, Google Pay and Apple Pay across the majority of their purchases. We remain confident that we are on pace to deliver $2 billion in revenue and $500 million in operating income on an annual basis by 2022.
Advertising growth continues to be driven by Promoted Listings, which continued to outpace volume, a trend we expect will continue for the foreseeable future. In the third quarter, Promoted Listings delivered $186 million of revenue, up 77%. We are providing sellers with more data-driven recommendations to optimize their ad conversion while we test and build more technology features to drive future growth and position eBay as the sellers' platform of choice.
Now turning to Classifieds. We believe that the transfer of Classifieds to Adevinta is on track to be completed in Q1 2021, subject to regulatory approvals. We remain excited to bring together 2 highly complementary businesses that can create tremendous value over time. The market agrees as evidenced by the appreciation in Adevinta's share price, which increased the value of eBay from $9.2 billion to over $11 billion based on recent trading levels.
As you may recall, last quarter, I outlined a long-term vision for eBay. Through a tech-led reimagination, we can realize the enormous untapped potential of our marketplace and drive sustainable long-term growth. We have 3 strategic priorities to support this vision: first, to defend our core by building compelling next-gen experiences for our enthusiasts; second, to become the partner of choice for sellers; and third, to cultivate lifelong trusted relationships with our buyers. We are in the first phase of a multiyear journey of many tech-led improvements for buyers and sellers yet to come. But over the past quarter, we were able to take several steps towards realizing this vision.
As I mentioned, our first priority is all about defending our core business. Our focus here is on non-new in-season products and simplifying consumer selling. We are taking a holistic view of customer needs, responding by launching features to address those needs and rapidly replicating the approach, leveraging scalable technology across enthusiast categories. A great example of that is the series of changes we made to our luxury watch category. Recently, we launched Authenticity Guarantee on all watches above $2,000. This service increases confidence for both buyers and sellers. Buyers can count on meticulous verification by third-party experts, and sellers are protected from fraudulent returns. In addition, we announced an escrow service for high-dollar transactions plus new app content for watch enthusiasts, and we also reduced fees for sellers. While this service is still in its early stages, we have already seen a modest increase in supply and higher average selling prices.
We've also turned our focus to the sneakers category, which attracts passionate enthusiasts, particularly Gen Z and millennials. In the U.S., sneaker GMV has significantly improved from a year ago. These buyers and sellers bring tremendous value to our ecosystem. An average sneaker buyer purchases in 10 unique categories each year, more than double the amount of other eBay buyers. Leveraging similar technology launched in watches, we expanded the Authenticity Guarantee to sneakers. We are requiring all collectible sneakers, both new and pre-owned above $100, to be verified by a team of independent third-party industry experts. The program kicked off with the authentication of our most popular brands and styles and will scale all sneaker sales over $100 next year. A year ago, we were losing share in this important category, but now we are seeing over 50% GMV growth year-to-date, and that was before launching the Authenticity Guarantee.
And just last week, we announced the launch of new elevated experience for certified refurbished products. We see tens of billions of dollars in untapped potential in the global refurbished market. Through our new Certified Refurbished program, buyers can save up to 50% on like-new branded inventory with all the assurances of buying new, including a 2-year warranty, eBay money-back guarantee and hassle-free 30-day returns. We are launching this program in partnership with globally recognized brands, including DeLonghi, Dirt Devil, Hoover, Makita and Philips that will sell certified refurbished inventory exclusively on eBay. Not only does this program help with buyers' budgets leading into the holiday season, it also helps to eliminate unnecessary waste by keeping products in circulation for many years to come.
We see a long runway to accelerate GMV growth given the $500 billion global total addressable market we are competing for, but it will take time. By leveraging scalable technology, we can uniquely address the needs of customers across a diverse mix of categories: in electronics, fashion, collectibles, home and garden, parts and accessories and more.
Moving on to the second key priority of our vision: becoming the platform of choice for sellers. Over the past 3 months, in addition to enhancements in Managed Payments and advertising, we continue to leverage the scale of eBay that benefits small businesses. We worked closely with UPS to offer new shipping services for sellers on our platform. In addition to a direct integration with eBay labels, sellers now have access to discounted rates, saving them time and money. Sellers also have access to order details, customer information, label printing and shipment tracking all in one place. And buyers benefit from lower shipping costs and integrated tracking. Additionally, we are supporting seller profitability during the upcoming holiday season by working with the carriers on our platform to eliminate peak season shipping surcharges on eBay.

In the risk of repeating myself, I'm going to go back a little bit just to make sure, because I understand the line got fuzzy, which we apologize about the technical difficulties.
So we also turned our focus to the sneakers category, which attracts passionate enthusiasts, particularly Gen Z and millennials. In the U.S., sneaker GMV has significantly improved from a year ago. These buyers and sellers bring tremendous value to our ecosystem. An average sneaker buyer purchases in 10 unique categories each year, more than double the amount of other eBay buyers. Leveraging similar technology launched in watches, we expanded the Authenticity Guarantee to sneakers. We're requiring all collectible sneakers, both new and preowned above $100, to be verified by a team of independent third-party industry experts. The program kicked off with the authentication of our most popular brands and styles and will scale to all sneaker sales over $100 next year. A year ago, we were losing share in this important category, but now we're seeing over 50% GMV growth year-to-date, and that was before launching the Authenticity Guarantee.
And just last week, we announced the launch of new elevated experience for Certified Refurbished products. We see tens of billions of dollars in untapped potential in the global refurbished market. Through our new Certified Refurbished program, buyers can save up to 50% on like-new branded inventory with all the assurances of buying new, including a 2-year warranty, eBay money-back guarantee and hassle-free 30-day returns. We are launching this program in partnership with globally recognized brands, including DeLonghi, Dirt Devil, Hoover, Makita and Philips that will sell certified refurbished inventory exclusively on eBay. Not only does this program help with buyers' budgets leading into the holiday season, it also helps to eliminate unnecessary waste by keeping products in circulation for many years to come.
We see a long runway to accelerate GMV growth given the $500 billion global TAM we are competing for, but it will take time. By leveraging scalable technology, we can uniquely address the needs of customers across a diverse mix of categories: in electronics, fashion, collectibles, home and garden, parts and accessories and more.
Moving on to the second key priority of our vision: becoming the platform of choice for sellers. Over the past 3 months, in addition to enhancements in Managed Payments and advertising, we continue to leverage the scale of eBay that benefit small businesses. We worked closely with UPS to offer new shipping services for sellers on our platform. In addition to a direct integration with eBay labels, sellers now have access to discounted rates, saving them time and money. Sellers also have access to order details, customer information, label printing and shipment tracking, all in one place. And buyers benefit from lower shipping costs and integrated tracking. Additionally, we are supporting seller profitability during the upcoming holiday season by working with the carriers on our platform to eliminate peak season shipping surcharges on eBay.
Recently, we rolled out an upgraded communication system that allows buyers and sellers to connect securely on our platform. Also, we have provided small businesses a new marketing tool to drive traffic back to their eBay stores through our affiliate platform. And just in time for the holidays, last month, we expanded the time away functionality, making it easier for sellers to update their listings and protect their on-time delivery record while providing buyers more accurate shipping estimates. Looking forward, we are embarking on a multi-quarter journey to improve selling flows that leverage more AI capabilities to dramatically simplify selling and drive more growth for small businesses.
The third key priority of our strategy is to cultivate lifelong, trusted relationships with buyers. To achieve this, we are leveraging technology to remove friction throughout the buying journey. In Q3, we improved search results, which led to material increases in conversion. By including more behavioral data, we were able to optimize machine learning algorithms at the top of the funnel that led to improved buyer engagements and, ultimately, led to increased purchases. These technology advances generate significant impacts as every incremental point of conversion creates almost $1 billion more GMV annually. More importantly, buyers are discovering the items they are searching for in faster and simpler ways.
Another way we are building trusted relationships with buyers is by improving our shipping tracking. In the U.K. and Australia, we developed a unique new capability to implement virtual tracking for Royal Mail and Australia Post, leading to significant increases in tracking coverage. Sellers do not have to explicitly provide information, and buyers can track orders with confidence. We will continue to invest in the buyer experience and marketing technology capabilities as we work to foster lifelong, trusted relationships with buyers.
Finally, an area that I and the team are extremely passionate about is doing good for our communities around the world. We focus initiatives on the sustainability issues material for the long-term strength of our business and where we can be most impactful to our stakeholders. We have measurable and transparent goals to evaluate our progress and to hold ourselves accountable to these important milestones, such as driving more circular commerce, getting to 100% renewable energy by 2025 and raising significant amounts for charitable causes.
We began eBay for Charity in 2003 to make it easier for customers to support their favorite charities. Since then, we've raised over $1 billion for charities around the world, and we're working hard on our goal of another $600 million raised by 2025. In Q3, eBay for Charity began working alongside international artists through a campaign called Artist Band Together. We are helping to raise funds for organizations that work to increase voter turnout for the upcoming U.S. elections. Additionally, eBay Foundation reached its $1 million Kiva lending goal to support global untapped entrepreneurs through an employee micro-lending initiative.
At eBay, everything we do ties back to our purpose of creating economic opportunity for all, and I'm very proud of our team for keeping this at the forefront, especially during these remarkable times.
So in summary, we have a clear vision to realize the enormous untapped potential of eBay. While we have made meaningful progress in Q3, we still have a long way to go. We are investing in technology and focused on delivering the best marketplace in the world for buyers and sellers. And I want to thank all of our employees who have been working diligently to support our customers by bringing our Tech-led Reimagination to life.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Andy to provide more details on our financial performance. Andy?

Yes. So on the first one, on the Tech-led Reimagination, it's why you see us making the investments that we're making, is that we believe that there's some big horizontal things that really move the business, like payments and advertising, where we're obviously putting a lot of technology focus. And then you saw this quarter some specific vertical experiences a focus for us in both watches and sneakers and also in Certified Refurbished. And so we actually think this is the start of really leveraging our technology where horizontal plus a vertical focus brings together just a much different experience on eBay. You think about the level of trust that we just put in place in those 3 categories, it's really game changing versus where we were before.
You asked specifically about marketing. There's a lot of things that we're doing specifically in paid social and using new channels that we haven't used before. That's a key part of it for us. If you think about the sneaker category as an example, we're bringing on a lot of Gen Z and millennials. So we're going out, reaching them where they are because when we inquire them in the sneaker category, as we said, they end up buying in 10 unique categories across the site.
The second thing I'd say on our footprint is, look, we've got some very strong growth in some of our smaller markets. There's a lot of advantage to the scale of our cross-border trade business where we're bringing products from very different countries to our smaller countries or exporting out of our smaller countries and obviously play a role in that. So we continue to believe that those are important, good growth opportunities not only for the domestic business but also for the cross-border trade that they bring.

Yes. So on carrier capacity, part of why we did the UPS deal this year was to open up more flexibility and more options for our sellers. So not only are they going to save a bunch on the rate that they're going to have on there, but the integration is going to make it really easy for sellers and provide all that tracking for buyers. So now you have multiple options, even as a small consumer seller, between USPS, UPS and FedEx. One of the things we have worked on is deals that actually protect them from peak shipping charges or surcharges over the holiday. So we think the combination of that flexibility of choices, plus the negotiating on behalf of our community, will work out well for them on the shipping side.
On the active buyer growth, as we talked about, our real third priority is turning buyers into lifelong enthusiasts, so really focusing on how do we, when we bring in a new buyer, expand them into multiple categories because we know that drives their LTV. So I used the sneakers example earlier, coming in via sneakers and ending up buying in 10 categories. It's also a big vision for our push to consumer selling. This quarter, actually, C2C GMV growth grew faster than our B2C growth. And that push is really because once we get a buyer to sell, they become more than twice as valuable as a buyer. So that's really our focus, is on accelerating those things and driving that long-term potential of the people that we're bringing to the site.

Yes. So on the first one -- thanks, Stephen, for the question. We work with really industry-leading experts to do the authentication specific for that category and a very intense multi-point inspection to make sure the product is truly authentic. And so it really kind of -- not only you have the trusted kind of seller piece in there but every single product, every single sneaker over $100 by the start of next year, will actually go through a third-party authenticator. And so it really takes the risk away of a potential issue by the time it gets to the buyer. Even sometimes there could be a mistake, it was missing a piece of documentation, so the beauty is we're catching all of those things. The same thing in the return, so making sure that the seller is getting back the product that they actually ship the buyer because the authentication works in both directions.
So look, it's a really high level of trust. When you look at the community feedback that we've gotten, both from sellers and buyers, they're incredibly enthusiastic. They know it will bring a lot of new buyers to the platform. And for sellers, that's what they want. Like we said on the call, the business was growing 50% in sneakers even before we launched this Authentication Guarantee, so we're excited by it.
On the C2C ramp, it's a huge focus for us. It's using artificial intelligence and technologies to make it easier for the casual lister to come on the list. So a lot of our listers will use things like sell similar where they sell a similar product or they sell based off of a specific catalog description. And what you'll see from us over the coming quarters is continuing to make that process easier to bring more C2C sellers on. It's -- our #1 priority is defending the core, and a huge part of that is consumer selling. I should say that they also bring a unique inventory to the platform. There's a lot of things that are not being sold by a business seller. My -- one of my friends was looking for a guitar, a Wii Hero, and that's only -- no one is selling that B2C anymore. You're only going to get that from a C2C seller. So we like to think about the unique inventory that it brings to the platform is also really important to us.

Yes. So the change in selling fees on sneakers, we had done a while ago. And what I would say is that it's very early in that we just launched that a few weeks ago. But the encouraging signs are what -- the feedback that we're getting from the community of really leaning in and being excited by what this can do to unlock the category. Watches has been live a little bit longer. And while early, what we're seeing is an increase in supply on the platform and an increase in average selling price. And if you think about it, that's really what we want to see, is that higher level of trust is making buyers really more comfortable, which obviously works out for sellers as well.
What I'm really proud of for the team is that when we talk about Tech-led Reimagination, while it took us a couple of months to launch that technology for watches, we actually rolled it out a few weeks later for sneakers. And so we're building capabilities that allow us to compete better in specific verticals, but a lot of those capabilities can be leveraged across multiple categories, and that excites us.
On the Managed Payments migration, it's important to know that there's still features that we continue to build out to be able to migrate more of the sellers. So we're right on track. But as an example, if I'm a seller that ships cross-border to a country that we haven't launched Managed Payments in, we're not going to convert that seller over to the new Managed Payments platform until we unlock that country because we don't want them split between the old platform and the new platform. So there's still capabilities that we're considering to build out, to ramp, and we basically are on track for our plan to be complete by the end of 2021.

Yes. So when we look at the authentication costs, we look at it -- in some ways, it's like a marketing cost when we think about how do we bring new buyers into the platform. So if you look at what we would have collected in final value fees, for example, on that product versus our cost of acquisition of bringing in a new buyer for -- who's going to end up buying in 10 unique categories across the site, we're balancing that all out, and we think it's important. We think there's a lot of potential. And we think it's a big difference for eBay to have that level of trust in the category.
We haven't talked much about Certified Refurbished on the call yet, but I'm really excited by that. I mean sneakers clearly has a lot of potential as does watches. But there's tens of billions of dollars in Certified Refurbished. It's a real sweet spot for eBay. And this brings a whole new level of trust of feeling like you're buying a like-new product because you have the -- not only all those guarantees, but you have a 2-year warranty, you have a 30-day hassle-free return along with the eBay money back guarantee. So we just think it's an important category. We're also seeing brands lean in, like we talked about on the call, and big brands, and we're just getting started. So we think there's a lot of runway and a huge market opportunity for us to go after that.

Yes. We're not going to speculate on kind of specific categories in M&A. What I'd say is we're looking opportunistically at M&A like we always have, at opportunities where we think we could accelerate the vision that we laid out on prior earnings calls and always doing things in an asset-light way, like we tend to do here at eBay in a way that we think enhances shareholder value. So we're going to continue to be opportunistic on it.

Yes. We're using some new tools and technology over the holiday, really going after some new channels like paid social, like I talked about before, in addition to the other kind of brand and performance work that we normally do in the holidays. But really, we're also -- you're also going to see more targeted marketing from us, and you're seeing it already, where we're focusing on specific campaigns. Like we had a viral campaign on TikTok for sneakers that went incredibly viral. And you'll see other specific, really vertical marketing that we're doing to attract the right types of buyers in these categories that we're leaning in on. So lots of things that we've experimented with, that we're learning from that, that we're rolling out in the quarter.

Sure. So let me start with the latter, and then we'll come back on the buyer one. So if you look at the types of things that we rolled out this quarter, it's indicative of where our focus areas are. So when you think about defend the core, it's really around how do we go after the non-new in-season and help grow that business. We see a big kind of $500 billion TAM there. And like I talked about last quarter, these are not big bang releases. I think about our payments business as a 2-year build for a release. Here, I think what we're working on is a lot of releases throughout the year of different capabilities and hopefully, continuing, like I talked about before, of launching something and then being able to roll it out to other categories, other countries, et cetera, on a pretty frequent basis. And that's how we're thinking about it, it's a multiyear journey with a lot of wins along the way.
Andy, do you want to take the buyer one?