Thanks, Joe. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before discussing our first quarter results, I want to acknowledge the terrible human tragedy that continues to unfold in Ukraine. This is a very difficult time for many, and I'm proud of how eBay employees and customers have mobilized to support those affected. At our core, eBay exists to help people and communities around the world. This role is fundamental to our purpose and motivates our workforce. In addition to direct and indirect support for refugees and citizens, we will continue policy actions to help customers in the region. 
These events have had a negative impact on consumer health, primarily in European markets. Despite this unexpected headwind, our global results for Q1 were strong. 
Let me highlight a few achievements from the quarter. Focused category innovation expanded, and these categories continue to grow faster than the rest of the marketplace. 18 million enthusiast buyers continue to shop regularly on eBay, purchasing items over 30 times per year. Sellers are seeing a simpler unified listing experience, and we made several improvements to eBay stores in the quarter. We announced a deal with Klarna to provide more popular payment methods to German buyers, and we started testing the new eBay wallet. 
Our advertising business grew faster than GMV due to increased optimization and adoption of new products. And finally, we made significant progress on our e-commerce, DE&I and sustainability goals. Sellers and buyers are turning to eBay, and this led to financial results at the high end of our expectations. We delivered over $19.4 billion in GMV and close to $2.5 billion in revenue. We continue to make the long-term investments laid out at Investor Day while achieving a 32% operating margin. And our non-GAAP EPS was $1.05, $0.02 ahead of consensus. 
Given the challenges our customers are facing around the world, we are pleased with our performance to start the year. Since late February, when the war in Ukraine began, we have seen lower e-commerce traffic, inflation in gas prices and home energy costs and historically low consumer confidence, particularly in the U.K. and Germany. As we look forward to the rest of 2022, we find ourselves in the most dynamic macro environment I have seen since returning to eBay as CEO. We expect more near-term headwinds to e-commerce growth rates this year, and our revised guidance reflects our best year based on recent trends. Steve will go into more detail about our full year expectations later. 
During these uncertain times, one thing that remains clear is that the tech-led reimagination is improving the underlying health of our business, and we are on track towards our long-term growth targets. One example is in focus categories. The investments in trust, user experience and marketing are driving higher customer satisfaction, leading to faster GMV growth. In Q1, excluding trading cards, focused category GMV grew 9 points faster than the rest of the platform. This growth is on top of last year's stimulus-driven surge, which drove exceptional volume in many high ASP products. 
Despite challenging year-over-year comps, trading cards remains one of our healthiest growth businesses. In the first half of 2021, we saw an unprecedented surge boosted by mobility restrictions and stimulus. Since that time, volume has remained elevated. And in Q1, GMV was more than double the size of pre-pandemic levels. 
As a leading trading cards platform, we continue to innovate our experience to increase trust between buyers and sellers. In Q1, we launched authenticity guarantee for ungraded cards above $750. Just this week, we expanded authentication to graded cards by signing a strategic partnership with PSA, the global leader in trading card grading and authentication. We expect this partnership will increase customer satisfaction and result in more GMV growth.
We are incredibly excited for the launch of the Vault this quarter, which will transform our Collectibles business. Items in the Vault will be able to securely transfer between sellers and buyers in a matter of seconds without the need to ship or the need to reauthenticate. We see an opportunity to hold up to $3 billion of inventory in our Vault in the next few years, creating significant GMV and revenue growth potential. 
Looking beyond Collectibles, we continue to expand coverage of focused categories to more products and markets. Let me share a few examples. At the end of March, we started authenticating high-value handbags in the U.K. and Australia. We also expanded the number of handbag brands covered by our authenticity guarantee and began to authenticate men's bags in the U.S. 
Another focus area in Q1 was eBay Refurbished. After success with certified products direct from manufacturers, we have significantly expanded the program across smart watches, tablets, laptops and desktops. Now buyers can shop from sellers across a wide range of refurbished inventory backed by eBay's moneyback guarantee and warranties. These trusted products contribute to e-commerce, which saves consumers money and reduces carbon emissions. 
The luxury watch category continues to grow at positive double-digit rates on top of last year's strong growth rate. To date, we have authenticated watches over $2,000 across 3 markets. This quarter, we added the ability for buyers to request expert verification for a fee for watches valued between $1,000 and $2,000. This additional service marks an important milestone in our journey to increase trust through authentication. This feature is portable to other categories and markets across the platform and demonstrates the scalability and effectiveness of our playbook.
In our sneakers category, we reintroduced final value fees in the U.S. in January, and growth momentum continued. These fees are lower than most other platforms and customer satisfaction remains near historically high levels. Sneaker GMV is also growing significantly faster than the rest of the business in our international markets. We repeated the successful approach first deployed in the U.S., which includes authentication, influencer partnerships and increased social marketing investments. 
In parts and accessories, supply chain constraints and low vehicle inventory are driving up the price of new and used cars. These trends are driving more consumers to extend the life of their current vehicles. With approximately 0.5 billion P&A listings, we are well positioned to supply all the parts they need. We have been investing in full funnel marketing for parts and accessories since December, and we are starting to see modest gains in initial consideration. This includes partnerships with leading influencers and enthusiasts to showcase our vast inventory selection. A recent example is the eBay Auto Parts Show in New York, where several top influencers showcased that restored in custom vehicles. These do-it-yourself enthusiasts crafted reconcept cars using unique and hard-to-find parts on eBay. This event generated 3 billion media impressions in 1 week, supporting the momentum we are seeing in the P&A category. 
While sellers and buyers love what we are doing in focused categories, we are also making site-wide enhancements to help all sellers grow their business. In Q1, we made several significant changes to further modernize our store's experience. First, our new storefront page provides sellers the ability to tell their story, showcase their brand and increase trust in their business. Second, we optimized SEO for stores to drive more free traffic. Third, we increased the prominence of store inventory and made it easier for enthusiasts to find stores throughout the buyer journey. 
To support sellers and help them grow their buyer base, we also increased the ability for buyers to save sellers for future purchases. Now when buyers purchase items, they are prompted after checkout to save that seller. This has driven a 4x increase in the number of saved sellers to date, which leads to more purchase frequency. New buyers who save a seller in their first 90 days are more than twice as likely to repurchase an item. 
More sellers are sending coded coupons to drive repeat purchases. To date, over 7.5 million buyers have purchased an item from a seller funded coupon, equating to approximately $500 million in GMV. To help sellers improve targeting, they can now categorize their buyers in unique groups for customized marketing campaigns. 
Our payments platform is enabling new services and reducing transactional friction for sellers and buyers. We signed an agreement with Klarna in early March, bringing 2 popular payment methods, pay upon invoice and installments, to our German buyers. Testing is underway, and we are on track to make it available to all German consumers this quarter. 
We started testing and scaling other payment capabilities in Q1, including the new digital wallet we announced at Investor Day. When sellers earn money, that balance is stored on eBay and readily available for them to purchase items or pay for selling expenses like shipping labels. We will continue to optimize this feature and expand to more customers during the year. 
Approximately 1 in 5 transactions occurs across borders, and our payments platform is reducing friction on these purchases. In Q1, we started giving buyers the option to pay in their local currency in addition to the currency of the listing. This feature simplifies cross-border trade and also enables incremental payments revenue to fund further innovation. 
I'm excited by the pace of innovation in payments. After completing the migration last year, we are moving quickly to reduce friction, launch new services and leverage our scale to benefit sellers and buyers. 
Another area where innovation is driving growth is our advertising. In Q1, our ads business once again outpaced volume. Ad revenue growth was driven by Promoted Listings, which generated $222 million in revenue, up 2%. This was 19 points faster than GMV, and it has accelerated due to product innovation. Our standard Promoted Listings product, which still drives most of our first-party ad revenue, continues to drive growth through increased adoption and conversion optimization. And we see further runway in the quarters and years ahead. 
The 3 new products launched last year are early in the growth cycle but are up more than 50% versus Q4. The first product, Promoted Listings Express, is increasing conversion and price realization for auction sellers. A typical auction that leverages this feature is attracting several hundred more buyers per listing. 
The second product, External Promoted Listings, is now open to our entire global seller base. Similar to standard Promoted Listings, sellers choose the value of their ad spend. We continue to expand the list of affiliate partners in the program to drive more traffic directly to sellers with Promoted Listings.
The third product, Promoted Listings Advance, while still limited data, has been scaled to more professional sellers. In Q1, we expanded the number of ad groups, providing more bidding capacity and flexibility. This product will take time to reach its full potential, and we see opportunities for significant growth. We are continuing to invest in our advertising platform and expect ad revenue to outpace volume for the foreseeable future. 
We continue to make meaningful progress on ESG. Let me share a few highlights. Firstly, on recommerce. In 2021, our platform generated over $4 billion in positive economic impact from the sale of used and refurbished goods. This activity avoided 1.5 million metric tons of carbon emissions, equivalent to taking 300,000 cars off the road for a year. Recommerce on eBay is growing due to our focus on non-new and season categories. Demand for refurbished and used goods is growing in many categories, and we are well positioned to hit the long-term goals I shared with you at Investor Day. 
Secondly, I'm proud of our team's efforts around DE&I. We are about to publish our sixth annual diversity, equity and inclusion report. This report provides insights into our 4 strategic objectives: increased representation, cultivating a sense of belonging, engaging our communities and building inclusive technology. Aligning and executing on these objectives is how we build a richly diverse, truly equitable and fearlessly inclusive place to sell, buy and work. 
The third area of progress I would like to highlight is reducing our impact on the planet. Last year, we set ambitious, long-term, science-based targets. For the full year 2021, we reduced Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 26% versus 2019. For Scope 3, which includes the impact of shipments on our platform, we reduced emissions by 7% versus 2019 despite volume growth. Lastly, 90% of our energy now comes from renewable sources, and we remain a carbon-neutral company. You can find more details about our sustainability programs and our annual impact report later this month. 
I'm always impressed by the generosity of our sellers and buyers. In Q1, eBay for Charity raised over $36 million, up 2%. We recently announced the grand finale of the Power of One charity auction with Warren Buffett. Since launching on eBay over 20 years ago, over $34 million has been raised to support GLIDE, a nationally recognized center for equity. The eBay Foundation, whose mission is to remove systemic barriers to entrepreneurship, committed $11 million to nonprofits in Q1. In addition, during March, over $2.4 million was raised from employee contributions and eBay Foundation matching gifts, many of which went to support Ukrainian relief efforts. 
Across a number of other employee and customer channels, the company has raised millions of dollars for Ukraine-related causes. In several countries, customers contributed to give at checkout campaigns that supported the Red Cross, Nova Ukraine and Save the Children. We are very fortunate to work for a purpose-driven company with a team relentlessly focused on helping people and the scale to deliver meaningful impact to our communities. 
In closing, Q1 was a strong start to the year. We extended focused category coverage in watches, handbags, trading cards and eBay Refurbished. And we laid the groundwork to launch the Vault this quarter, a game-changing experience for collectors. We released several new features for eBay store sellers like new store fronts and enhanced SEO. And we're encouraging more buyers to save their favorite sellers to drive repeat purchases. 
In payments, we launched Klarna for German buyers, started testing a new digital wallet and increased currency payment options for cross-border buyers. Our advertising business is meaningfully outpacing volume growth through optimization and new product innovation. And we are achieving all of this while executing on an ambitious ESG agenda to support our communities and the world we live in. 
Before I hand it over to Steve, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to our seller and buyer community whose energy and unique inventory make our marketplace truly differentiated in e-commerce. I would also like to thank all of our global employees for their tireless efforts to delight customers and support our communities. Their dedication and focus are improving our underlying business health every day. 
Lastly, I'm thrilled to welcome Eddie Garcia back to eBay as our new core product leader. His wealth of eBay knowledge and track record of innovation will be great assets to continue to drive the tech-led reimagination. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve to provide more details on our financial performance. Steve, over to you.

Yes. Thanks for the question, Colin. Absolutely. So when you look at our enthusiast buyers, we have 18 million of them. They drive 70% of our GMV. That group is a very productive group for us. It's -- they shop more than 30 days. They spend over $3,000. And even though some of them are -- moved in and out of mid-value, when you look at our mid-value buyers that we outlined at Investor Day, they're actually of the cumulative lifetime value of most other platforms. So they're also very valuable customers as well.
So the key things we're doing is, a, driving our focused category strategy. When we look at those enthusiast buyers, 94% of them shop in focus categories. So that's a big opportunity. 25% of them are selling on eBay, and that obviously drives the flywheel of performance. When we look at it versus 2019, it's not just about the numbers, but how do we get that group to buy more. So versus 2019, they're buying double digits more on the platform. And that has to do with getting them to go cross-category, getting them to be more sticky within their focus category or their initial category, and then all of the pieces that we know kind of drive retention. 
The last one I'll just pick up on is it's also tied into our seller strategy. So part of the things that we announced this year -- this quarter with sellers, things like new eBay storefronts, enhancements to the eBay coupons, improvements to SEO. It's all about how to -- it's just not eBay and the platform driving retention of those enthusiast buyers, but how do we put more tools in our sellers' hands so that they can drive the retention of the buyers as well. So feel really good that the strategy is working and the plans are intact.

Yes. Thanks, Eric. So look, when we think about the impact macro, it's really across the board. We can look at, obviously, our own traffic and traffic of our competitors. And specifically in Europe or more so in Europe, really coincidental with the war, we saw the impact overall to the business. So there's various movements. I would say last year with the pandemic, we moved some mid-value up into enthusiast buyers as we looked at the segments. But really, it's kind of across the board, everyone's energy prices are going up, more cost of fuel, inflation, et cetera. 
To your second question, we're really happy with the performance of ads being at 19% above GMV this quarter. And we talked about kind of the growth that we're seeing in the new products, although the large part of it is still our core product, which is the Promoted Listing standard. But continue to drive optimization, continue to drive adoption. We're still in kind of the early stages of the new products on advertising.

Yes. So a couple of things. One is really pleased to see that 9 points faster growth in terms of the focus categories. We are lapping some stimulus from last year in our numbers. So that's certainly a factor. And then over time, Tom, the math would say as we increase our coverage of focus categories, obviously, the delta will decrease just because of the math of more of the numerator being, the denominator as well.
But as we look at this as a multiyear, the strategy that we laid out at Investor Day is right -- is consistent, getting them to grow at or above market growth rates. What I'd say I'm really happy about this quarter is that we're seeing the same type of deviation between focused categories in international that we saw in the U.S. in terms of their outperformance of the rest of the site. So we've been talking for a couple of quarters now about how international was more nascent, and we're starting to see that traction in the focus categories. And we talked about some of the new launches that we're seeing internationally.

Yes. Great question. So first, the way I think about the focused category is it's not like we invest in the category and that we're done. If you look at it, we're still investing in sneakers, which we launched quite some time ago. So we continue to make innovations even in categories that we've launched. The category that you first brought up, handbags, we expanded what we're doing in authentication to the U.K. in a beta this quarter. We also expanded in the U.S. to men's bags this quarter. So now currently authenticating in the U.S., U.K. and Australia. So that will be a continued playbook. 
I would say the same thing about parts and accessories is, in addition to all the things we're doing around consideration, we're continuing to drive quarter-after-quarter new features, new capabilities for those categories. 
You mentioned watches at the end. That's another category. Even though we launched authentication a couple of quarters back for watches, this quarter, we built a new capability, which is actually allowing buyers to pay for authentication if they want it for watches between $1,000 and $2,000. So it will be a continued evolution of focused categories as we launch new ones and continue to enhance them. 
I'd say a couple of things about the collectibles category. I'm really excited by this quarter. A, our Vault is on track that we talked about at Investor Day and a lot of potential there to save reauthenticating, to save reshipping the products. On Monday, we announced a partnership with PSA. PSA is the most popular grader for trading cards, and now you can have your cards authenticated by PSA, over $2,000. And so like I said before, everything is kind of a continued evolution of enhancements to drive customer satisfaction.
On your question on advertising, yes, we feel great. The thing that makes us feel great about the opportunity for more penetration is the ROAs that we continue to see. We have strong ROAS for our sellers. And so it's obviously easiest to get the largest sellers to start using the product and drive that penetration first. But we're, for example, launching a new unified listing experience, which has a great advertising inclusion. This quarter, we announced some optimization tools for our product listing Advanced. And look, it took us 5 years to get the -- to get the standard product to where it is today. So these things do take time to drive adoption, to drive optimization, but we feel like the suite of products that we launched is the right one.

Yes, Ross, I'm happy with our pace of innovation. So the Klarna deal that we announced, which we'll be launching this quarter, actually allows us to accept forms of payments, which are very popular in Germany, which we've not been able to accept, primarily pay upon invoice and financing. And so that's one component. Steve talked about the digital wallet, which is in beta now, which obviously helps us with the flywheel, also helps sellers because they can store a balance for their selling costs like shipping, et cetera.
And then to your question on cross-border trade, we are doing things to help. They're having somewhat of an impact, being able to forward deploy inventory through a partnership that we've done. But our cross-border trade elements, as Steve said, have been roughly steady.

Yes. With the departure of Pete and that transition, I went out and tried to find the absolute best product person in the world that I can find. Eddie has a really unique ability. He combines product UX and technology like no other executive that I've met. And importantly, too, he has a decade of background with eBay, which is extremely valuable to come in and really hit the ground running. And he's already started. I think he's on day 8 today, and is doing a great job. So really excited to have him here. 
I would say no, nothing changes in terms of the product road map. He's got a great team of leaders underneath him. We have a strong organization, and the road map is very solid for the year. I mean if I just look at payments as an example, this quarter, they announced a deal with Klarna at Investor Day. They're about to launch it. They launched a new capability to do buyer FX, so the buyers could pay in their local currency. They've made enhancements and ramped up stored value, all of that within a single quarter. 
So I'm happy with our pace of innovation across the board. I'm just thrilled that Eddie could be part of the leadership team and help us push forward on the tech-led reimagination.

Yes, Richard, great question. I'll take the first one, and Steve should take the second. So absolutely, one of the benefits that eBay has versus any vertical-specific marketplace is our scale, the fact that we can get buyers to buy cross-category, that we can acquire them at a lower cost. And if you look at, let's say, a parts and accessories buyer, they're going to come in and buy $1,200 in parts and accessories but then $1,500 elsewhere on the site.
But we are leaning into the areas that you're talking about. How do we make it easier for buyers and sellers to transact on the marketplace? How do we build retention between them? So I'd point to a couple of things that we've launched in the last few quarters. The first is our new member-to-member messaging system. It's very simple and easy to use. It's chat-like interface, very familiar for a Gen Z customer to interact between a buyer and seller. And that's a huge improvement over the legacy products that we've had out there for a long time. 
We've been opening up the ability for couponing and reaching back out to interested buyers on the platform that have transacted with you. And really, the -- as you talk about, stores is really the opportunity to let sellers build a brand and communicate with buyers. So this quarter, we launched all new storefront on -- for our eBay store sellers. We actually improved the ability for them to drive more SEO via their stores in the platform. We've added video into the stores platform. So now you can tell your story about an eBay seller, and that's very appealing.
And we'll continue to build more of those features to improve the interactions between buyers and sellers because it's one of the very unique capabilities of eBay, is that vast army of sellers that we have, helping drive retention in buyers and helping drive engagement there. So great question. 
Steve, do you want to take the second part?

Yes. So I'd say on trading cards, what we said in there is that we're obviously lapping kind of the massive stimulus that we saw last year. We're settling out at twice the level of GMV that we were beforehand. And we're really kind of leaning in to fuel the growth in trading cards. So to your question on Vault, the beauty of the Vault is a lot of -- for a lot of collectors, it's not something that they need to have around their house. They want to be able to trade. And you could see trades happening in the middle of the game where the rookie all of a sudden is on fire, and people want to start trading that. That trade becomes really seamless when it sits inside the Vault. It's authenticated on the way in. It doesn't have to be shipped anywhere, validated, et cetera.
And so you could see these billions of dollars of inventory, we could start to drive turns on that on a much more rapid basis. So we're excited by that. We're also excited by the grading partnership that we announced on Monday, which complements what we've been doing for ungraded cards over $750 because it builds more authenticity and trust into what we're doing from a trading cards perspective. So that builds on top of last year's launches that we had like the improved shipping labels, the computer vision that we're working on in that category, et cetera.
So really excited by that. When I look at the rest of the categories, watches continues to be strong. We sustained double-digit growth on top of last year's strong growth rate. We've been able to remonetize sneakers and keep the momentum in that category. Strong growth in handbags as well. And we talked about some of those announcements in the business. So across the board, I think we are -- the strategy that we have is working. We're seeing the change in customer satisfaction and the change of the business and the deviation that these categories are able to create. And then we're starting to see that expand internationally.

Yes. So on the first one, we continue to look at build, buy and partner in those opportunities. We talked about Sneaker Con at the Investor Day and why we did that and how it made sense to accelerate our focus and what we were doing in that category. And we continue to look at opportunities that we think will help push that further in terms of new features, new functionality or new audience. But we do look at it as a build, buy and partner. So a great example is what we announced on Monday, which is a partnership with the most popular grading to really build an opportunity to tie that closely into the best marketplace that exists for trading cards on eBay. So we'll continue to be opportunistic across all of those different elements as we go forward as long as they align with the strategy and we think create value for shareholders. 
On the international versus GMV, I'll start off. And then, Steve, you can jump in. Clearly, a more profound effect in our international business. When I talk to our eBayers in the U.K., they're getting their April energy bills and they are multiple of what they were before. So definitely more of an impact, but definitely an impact across the whole world, including our U.S. business. 
Do you want to expand?