Thanks, Tom, and thank you all for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Akamai delivered strong results in the second quarter despite the ongoing challenges with the global economic environment and slower Internet traffic growth. Q2 revenue was $903 million, up 6% year-over-year and up 9% in constant currency. This result was driven by the continued rapid growth of our Security and Compute businesses, which when taken together, were up 30% in constant currency. These 2 business lines now account for 54% of our overall revenue.
Q2 non-GAAP operating margin was 29%. Q2 non-GAAP EPS was $1.35 per diluted share, down 5% year-over-year, but up 0.5% in constant currency. As Ed will discuss later, EPS was negatively impacted by foreign exchange rates and a higher effective tax rate compared to last year. Free cash flow was very strong at $223 million in Q2 and it accounted for 25% of revenue.
We've been leveraging our financial strength to make substantial investments in enterprise security and cloud computing. We've also used some of this cash to buy back additional stock. In the first half of the year, we spent $268 million to repurchase 2.6 million shares. This puts us on track to go beyond what's needed to offset dilution from employee equity programs this year.
I'll now say a few words about each of our 3 main lines of business: Security, Compute and Delivery, starting with Security. Our Security Solutions generated revenue of $381 million in Q2, up 17% year-over-year and up 21% in constant currency. Growth in security was driven primarily by our app and API security portfolio, which includes our market-leading web app firewall, Bot Manager, Account Protector and Page Integrity Manager solutions.
Our Zero Trust enterprise security portfolio, led by Guardicore, also performed well in Q2, with numerous significant customer wins. A leading global provider of financial data concerned about ransomware, added Guardicore segmentation solution to the 7 security products they already buy from Akamai. A major insurance company in France became a new customer for Akamai when they adopted our Guardicore solution to help meet European financial regulations. The sale, led by one of our carrier partners, is indicative of the excitement we're seeing for our Zero Trust solutions among our partners.
In Australia's largest telecom provider, Telstra, expanded their business with us by adding our Secure Web Gateway solution to their portfolio of Akamai products. They told us, "As part of Telstra's journey in delivering fit-for-purpose solutions, Akamai has been a key industry partner with network-based anti-phishing malware protection and content filtering. Telstra blocks millions of threats every single day, and Akamai is a key partner in that protection."
Overall, our Zero Trust solutions delivered $43 million of revenue in Q2, up 59% year-over-year in constant currency. This is an area where we're making -- continuing to make major investments and where we anticipate significant future growth.
Turning now to Compute. I'm very pleased to report that the revenue for our Compute product group was $106 million in Q2, up 74% year-over-year and up 78% in constant currency. As a reminder, the Compute product group includes Linode and Akamai solutions for Edge computing, storage cloud optimization and Edge applications.
A common theme that I heard when I met with executives from around the world in Q2 was their growing concern about being locked into contracts with cloud giants that are consuming large and rapidly increasing shares of their IT budgets. They want more choice in compute and are open to alternative clouds like Linode as a more efficient way to build, run and secure their applications. As a result, many large enterprises have begun testing the Linode platform, including a major U.S. airline, one of the world's top gaming companies and a global provider of weather data.
Major media companies, in particular, expressed significant concerns with their growing use of the giant clouds. Not only are the cost high, in part because of the fees from moving data from cloud storage to a CDN for delivery, but they're also concerned about their increasing reliance on a direct competitor. As an example, I'm very pleased to announce that we recently signed a contract with one of the world's largest media companies to run a critical new workload on Linode. The service is live today, and we anticipate that it will generate millions of dollars of annual revenue as their usage grows over time.
This is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to our potential for future revenue growth in Compute. Cloud computing is a fast-growing, multi-hundred billion dollar market. And as we scale Linode to be enterprise grade with pops and hundreds of locations around the world, we should be in an excellent position to capture a share of this market, particularly from companies that value our industry-leading security and delivery solutions and that don't want to be locked in to more expensive options with a cloud giant that competes against them.  
Our Delivery products generated revenue of $417 million in Q2, down 11% year-over-year and down 8% in constant currency. These results were clearly impacted by a continued deceleration in traffic growth among our largest media customers and by the lower unit pricing we provided as part of their recent contract renewals.  
It's important to note that Akamai remains the market leader in delivery by far. Moreover, customer churn in the first half of this year remained at record lows, and lost annual revenue from churned accounts in Q2 was even less than in Q1.  
We also saw some notable delivery customers move business to our platform in Q2 after trying out competing solutions. No matter which competitor they've been working with, they chose Akamai because of our superior performance and reliability.  
Like many companies, we're managing through a time of substantial economic headwinds and uncertainty with escalating inflation, the strengthening U.S. dollar, growing concerns about a global recession, escalating geopolitical tensions and conflicts, and a slowing of Internet traffic growth as the world tries to return to normal in the midst of a pandemic. As Ed will talk about shortly, I think it's prudent to assume that these headwinds will dampen our growth rates and profitability over the next several quarters, particularly in our Delivery business, which is being impacted by the challenges that many major media companies have recently reported.  
Given the enormous market opportunity in front of us, we will continue to focus our investment on Zero Trust enterprise security led by Guardicore, and cloud computing, led by Linode. These investments, combined with the economic headwinds I just mentioned, will likely result in our operating margin remaining below 30% in the near term. We expect our margins to improve over time as our Security and Compute businesses continue to grow and account for a larger share of total revenue. 
In addition, we're embarking on several major initiatives to reduce cost and improve operational efficiency that should help return our margins to 30% or better in the medium to longer term.  As Ed will discuss further, these initiatives include leveraging Linode to significantly reduce our cloud spend with hyperscalers, slowing the capital expenditures for our delivery platform and optimizing our real estate footprint. 
While these are challenging times to be sure, I believe that Akamai is on the right track for long-term growth and success and that we're well positioned because of our unique global-edge platform, our market-leading security and delivery solutions, our new compute capabilities which provide great performance at an affordable cost, our premier enterprise customer base and our strong financial position and profitable business model.  
Now I'll turn the call over to Ed for more on Q2 and our outlook going forward. Ed?

Yes. Obviously, very early days. We've got a lot of work ahead of us with Linode, as we've talked about. But it's great to land our first very large customer, putting a critical app. Actually, it's for transcoding, user content onto the Linode platform. As I mentioned, that's just that app alone as it scales is worth several million dollars a year of revenue for us. And tip of the iceberg, this is a customer that spends many hundreds of millions of dollars a year on cloud computing. And that's just 1 customer. So a lot of good opportunity ahead, and we're making good progress on our road map for Linode.

I'll start with that and then maybe Ed will add some comments. Security is very strong. We have the market-leading WAF by far. In fact, you look at their most recent Magic Quadrants and analyst ratings, and we've widened the gap with competition. Bot Manager also the market leader by far. Now we have Account Protector built on top, growing very well. EAA is small today, good opportunity for growth, particularly coming on the following Guardicore.  
Guardicore, very exciting. You think about the enterprise security landscape, and our segmentation, I think, has been something that historically was overlooked mainly because it wasn't done very well. But I think as you look to the future, it's probably the most important thing an enterprise can do. You could buy everybody's security products today, a company could buy everything. And now we're still going to find a way in somewhere.  
And the real key is to identify when the malware has gotten inside, where it is and block it from spreading. And that's why Guardicore is the best defense against malware and ransomware, and they have the best solution as rated by analysts, and we see really good traction there, but still on relatively small numbers. Page Integrity Manager, a relatively new product but a very bright future. Again, it's new, so it's still small today, but that's going to allow companies to satisfy the new PCI requirement, something that's hard for a company to do on their own.  
The new requirements say that a company has to have safeguards against malware that gets into the digital supply chain and winds up on their users' browser. And that's just very hard for any enterprise to do. But when Akamai is delivering that content, we can place our scripts on the page to make sure that the user experience is safe and to make sure that if the user has ingested malware somewhere in the supply chain that we can identify and block it so the user is not compromised. So I think when you look at our security product portfolio really doing very well, and we're in early days with some of the most exciting products that have a lot of future runway.

Well, really, any kind of cloud compute application is suitable for Linode. Obviously, we support containers as a service, VM as a service. So anything you do in the cloud you could do on the Linode. I think the use cases initially and how the customers are viewing it as trying it out with some new applications, and in the one case of the media company we talked about, it's a critical application. They're running their new transcoding app for user-generated content on us. It's about as critical as it gets. And as I mentioned, that may become worth millions of dollars as it scales up, but this is a company that's spending many hundreds of millions of dollars in the cloud.
So it's not a situation where we think you're just going to switch all that on to Akamai right away. But it is a business that I think we can really grow and that we're in an excellent position to tap into a very large cloud computing market. That market is a couple of hundred billion dollars growing at a very rapid clip. And Akamai is a trusted partner for many major enterprises that are looking for some diversification, that want a reliable partner, has great performance which we do with our distributor platform, knows how to handle scale and at an affordable price point, which we're in an excellent position to provide. So I'm really optimistic about the future of our Compute business.

Well, as you know, one of our competitors there raised pricing. And I would say, so far, there's not a big change in the competitive landscape in the SMB market. We do intend to offer other services such as security to that customer base. But I think the real focus for us is bringing -- upscaling Linode to make it really enterprise -- major enterprise grade and scaling it out and making it be much more distributed, which will obviously improve performance.
And going after the large enterprises, many of our customers spend 10 or more times as much with the major clouds than they do with us for delivery and security. And so that's a great opportunity for Akamai to be able to now provide them with compute as well, so that they can build their apps on Akamai, run them obviously deliver and secure them on Akamai. Really an incredible opportunity.

Yes. As we mentioned, there's a variety of factors that are impacting the media companies and hence traffic. You've sort of got a year -- I mean we still got COVID, but this is more like a non-COVID year lapping a COVID year. And so people are out and about more, and so there's less traffic growth due to that. You've got impacts of what, in some places is a recession. 
And you've seen some of the media companies report that they've got their own challenges with usage. And so that tends to reduce traffic. Obviously, we've got foreign exchange headwinds, which impacts the revenue we get from media companies overseas. And so all of that is impacting traffic in the media business for Akamai. I don't see those as being permanent. And we do expect over the long term that the traffic returns to more normal growth rates and that the revenue for the Delivery business stabilizes. May take a little while, several quarters at this point, but I don't think it's a long-term phenomenon.

Yes, the savings can be substantial. The list pricing that we offer for Linode is substantially less than when you see the hyperscalers offering, that's public information. And for major enterprises, obviously, you can have some discount to that. And the really good news is that we believe we can do this at substantial margins. So as we grow the business, actually, they'll improve our margins overall. And Ed, do you want to take the second part of that?

Yes, we're spending about $100 million a year annually now with the cloud companies. And over the next year or 2, ultimately, we would migrate pretty much -- most all of that on to Linode.  And substantial savings. So that's why it's one of our several initiatives we're taking to improve margins. Also, it's great to be using our own services, and it will help us as we do the work with Linode to make it enterprise-ready, to be using it across the spectrum of applications at Akamai. We're very much like our customers and looking for ways to save on cost and get great performance out of our cloud compute platform.

Yes. And in terms of the longer range, obviously, we're seeing very good growth in our flagship products, Web App Firewall and Bot Manager. They're the largest contribution of revenue. Really good growth, but on smaller numbers, obviously, for Zero Trust enterprise computing. In the longer time frame, I think that's what drives a lot of the growth in security. The infrastructure category growing more slowly today, also on a moderate size number. But I think in the long term, you see the enterprise Zero Trust security group grow, led by Guardicore  as the market leader in stopping ransomware. .

Well, there's the 3 categories we have today. The biggest is app in API security, very strong growth. I think we get continued strong growth there. A lot of innovation going on with Account Protector, Page Integrity Manager we talked about being really important for PCI compliance. We have a new audience hijacking prevention capability that looks really cool. 
Infrastructure is moderate size today, and that's not growing as fast. That's your DDoS protection and your D&S defenses. And then the really high-growth area, Zero Trust enterprise security led by Guardicore, but it's the smallest of the 3. And so you sort of have 3 different comps with a little bit different dynamic in each.