Thanks, Tom, and thank you all for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Akamai achieved excellent results in the third quarter. Revenue was $793 million, up 12% year-over-year and up 11% in constant currency. Non-GAAP operating margin was 32%, up 3 points from Q3 of last year. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.31 per diluted share, up 19% year-over-year and up 18% in constant currency. These very strong results were driven primarily by the continued strong performance of our security products and high traffic levels on our edge platform.
We're very proud of how Akamai has continued to deliver fast, intelligent and secure online experiences for billions of users around the world as we support our customers during these challenging times. We're also very pleased that our hard work to improve operating efficiency and profitability has put us in an excellent position to exceed our goal of 30% operating margins for the year.
Our Media and Carrier business continued to perform very well in Q3, benefiting from high traffic levels for video streaming and gaming software downloads. In fact, one giant video-on-demand service increased their traffic on our platform by a factor of 4 last quarter. As more entertainment moves online, Akamai has continued to prove that our unique edge platform scales to meet the unprecedented demand for streaming video, popular gaming releases and complex API transactions. We can do this in part because we've positioned more than 325,000 servers in more than 4,000 locations in over 1,000 cities. At Akamai, we position content very close to end users, and we make sure it's available when and where it's needed.
In addition, our highly advanced Internet mapping algorithms route traffic around congestion to maintain excellent application performance for our customers. Our unique edge platform also allows our customers to perform a wide variety of computational tasks close to end users, resulting in faster performance, instant scalability and lower cost. For example, a leading social networking company uses Akamai's edge platform to manage API requests for their recommendation engine. A leading apparel company uses our platform to supply health information to users based on their fitness tracker.
Several major companies use Akamai to provide critical weather updates based on local conditions as well as geographic information such as nearby points of interest or locations of desired services. Many of the world's largest OTT companies use Akamai to help manage the critical components of their architecture on the edge, including functionality for user authentication, content recommendations and payment processing.
Some of the world's largest credit card companies use our platform to assist with authentication and authorization of payments via digital gateways. Several of the world's largest gaming companies use Akamai's edge to assist in managing user profiles and registration as well as event leaderboards. And the ad tech ecosystem uses applications running on the Akamai edge to assist with ad calls, bidding and placing consent cookies to remain compliant with data privacy regulations.
It's important to note that while some CDMs are talking about edge computing or serverless computing as if they're somehow new technologies, Akamai has been providing these services to thousands of customers for well over a decade. And already this year, we've handled well over 100 trillion API requests on our edge platform.
The vast capacity of our platform, combined with our unparalleled security intelligence and machine learning algorithms, has also enabled Akamai to defend many of the world's most important enterprises against the largest and most sophisticated cyberattacks. This capability is proved to be especially important during the recent wave of ransom DDoS attacks. Since August, we've been approached by dozens of major businesses around the world that had received extortion letters, threatening them with massive DDoS attacks if they didn't pay a ransom. In response, our security experts performed emergency integrations of our Prolexic service, which enabled these enterprises to continue or resume business operations without experiencing any service disruptions from the attacks. As a result, we've added many new enterprises to our Prolexic customer base, including several global banks and insurance companies, a leading travel website and 2 national stock exchanges.
In addition to Prolexic, we also continued to see strong growth from our market-leading Kona Site Defender and Bot Manager services. Bot Manager has been especially valuable in stopping account takeover attacks, which have greatly increased in scale and sophistication. In fact, the number of malicious log-in attempts by bots that we blocked in Q3 was more than double the number we handled in Q2.
I'm also pleased to report that our recently launched Page Integrity Manager Solution, which is designed to identify and thwart Magecart attacks and malware and third-party scripts is off to an excellent start with strong customer interest and bookings.
In another sign of our leadership in cybersecurity, Forrester recently named Akamai as a leader in Zero Trust, with the highest possible scores for network security, workload security, APIs, Zero Trust advocacy and market approach. And just last week, Gartner recognized Akamai as a leader in its 2020 Magic Quadrant for web application firewalls for the fourth year in a row.
Overall, Q3 revenue from our Cloud Security Solutions was $266 million, up 23% year-over-year in constant currency and accounting for 34% of Akamai's total revenue. To further build on our growth in security, we were pleased to announce today that Akamai has acquired Asavie, a leader in securing mobile access for enterprises. Asavie partners with some of the world's largest mobile network operators to enable enterprises to connect, manage and secure communication among cellphones and other IoT devices, without the need for client software on the device. These capabilities are critical for organizations with mobile workforces or large numbers of connected devices. By integrating Asavie solution with Akamai's unique edge platform and arming it with Akamai's vast array of real-time security data, we plan to enable enterprises to greatly improve the security of their operations while also improving the performance of their internal applications. Asavie will complement our security product lines with a cellular-specific security offering, which is an important step in our strategy to capture the emerging opportunity in 5G. It is also synergistic with our Enterprise Application Access product and complements our IoT edge cloud solution, allowing enterprises to improve the reliability and consistency of real-time communications with IoT devices and to easily secure those endpoints to avoid compromise.
As we look to the future, we believe that the deployment of 5G and IoT applications can provide significant opportunities for Akamai. 5G technology improves the performance of the last mile, providing higher throughput and lower latency and the potential to connect a lot more people and things. And that could spawn the creation of new applications, such as ultra-low latency video, augmented reality, IoT applications and analytics at a massive scale, deep threat intelligence for attack mitigation and much more that we can't even imagine yet. The impact of 5G on innovation could be similar to the way broadband enabled new social networking apps that few could have imagined before.
As 5G networks come online, we believe that end users and connected devices will demand faster performance and greater scale than cloud data centers can provide, and thus that our edge architecture will become more important than ever. In fact, Gartner estimates that by 2022, more than half of enterprise-generated data will be created and processed outside of traditional cloud data centers.
The breadth of our edge platform means that we're incredibly close to billions of end users, and being so close means that Akamai is in a unique position to provide the near-instant response times, very high-quality video experiences, serverless computing capabilities and the market-leading security services that our customers are demanding.
In summary, we're very pleased with our performance so far this year. We believe that our strong growth, profitability and cash generation provides us with the financial firepower to continue investing in the innovation, network capacity, novel products and world-class talent needed to fuel our future growth.
Now I'll turn the call over to Ed for more on Q3 and our outlook for the fourth quarter. Ed?

Well, edge refers to our platform, which really is unique in the sense that we're in 4,000 locations. We're in 1,000 cities. We are uniquely close to the end users out there, the billions of end users around the world. Other companies talk about edge and they might be in a couple of dozen locations, a factor of 100 less. And because we're close, that's really important because we're going to give better performance. If you're closer, the latency is less and it's going to be faster. Also, if you're close, you've got access to the bandwidth and the scale. And that's why we have so much more scale than the other CDNs. And that's really important to customers that have a lot of traffic, the big OTT providers and the big software downloaders, and that's why so much of their business comes to Akamai.
Also being in those locations gives us a huge advantage on cost because in the large fraction of those 4,000 locations, we don't pay for bandwidth in colo and power. And so it's free for us with the infrastructure. We pay for our CapEx. But our competitors aren't there. Our competitors are in big data centers, and that is the most expensive real estate in the world. And so we're in a position that we can provide compelling pricing to the major enterprises out there. And our competitors, if they're going to do that, they have to do it losing money, and that's not sustainable.
Now any one of the many competitors we have out there, all, generally speaking, much, much smaller, at any given time, they could take on some traffic and show some high percentage growth on very small numbers. But it's hard to sustain that when you don't really have a sustainable advantage. And then you see that happen as the traffic -- some of the traffic share moves around among the smaller players.
Now in addition, it's not just about CDN and delivering traffic, it's accelerating the traffic. It's providing functionality on the edge close to the end user. And I talked about a lot of examples that where we're doing that today. And of course, processing a lot of the API transactions, which are tied to functionality, over 100 trillion so far this year.
And then you have the security aspect, which our CDN competitors, by and large, don't have. They may partner with other companies or start-ups to have some security story, but that's now $1 billion business for Akamai and growing at over 20%. And security is just really vital for our customers and it works in tandem with the application acceleration, with the edge computing, all is one service, all on one platform. And if you're not on the edge, there's no hope to withstand the large attacks that we're seeing today.

Sure. I think we'd see strong security growth with or without COVID. There are some of our products that are really helpful for enterprises as they have more of a remote workforce, and so we did see uptick in bookings there. So I think there's some help. The attack rates have gone way up, and I do think some of that is -- has tied to COVID.
Now whether we see the ransom DDoS attacks that are widespread just in the last couple of months, we might have seen that anyway. Maybe there's an increase because the prize is bigger now. If you're attacking a commerce company that had 90% of their business in brick-and-mortar, well, they care about the 10% for sure, but when all of their business is online, now they really, really care. So there is a bigger prize, and maybe that's incented the attackers to up the attack level or maybe that's just the world we're living in, where we're going to be seeing more and more attacks, even if we get COVID under control.
And I can tell you, we see a lot of attacks in Asia-Pacific just like we do here and in Europe, even though in APJ, COVID is largely under control there and operations are largely returned to normal. And yet the attacks, the ransom DDoS attacks are just as -- increasing just as fast over there. In fact, one of the national stock exchanges that was taken offline that is now an Akamai customer was in Asia Pacific.
In terms of the 30%, we do think that's a good place to operate the company over the longer term. And we're -- that said, we're going to do everything we can to operate as efficiently as possible and you see that this year. We -- this year, we've been doing over 30%. And so if we can do that and continue to make the investments we want to make to achieve long-term growth in the business, then we will. But I think the right way to think about it is 30% is a good baseline and when we can overachieve that, we're going to do that.

Certainly, we'd like to do that. We're seeing very strong growth in Kona Site Defender and Prolexic. Kona Site Defender is our web app firewall product. Bot Manager doing very well, and the next generation of that will be even stronger at preventing account takeover. Security services business, we've talked about, is doing very well. And I think with the increase in attacks and the sophistication of attacks, we're seeing even more demand for our security services. It's just too hard for even major enterprises to keep up.
And then you have the newer solutions, our enterprise services, Enterprise Application Access, Enterprise Threat Protector now equipped with the first version of our Secure Web Gateway. We're going into beta with our multifactor authentication service next month. As we talked about, our Page Integrity Manager, which sits on top of Kona, off to a great start. We'd like to see that track the way that Bot Manager did getting out of the gate.
And of course, we announced today, and I'm really excited about the Asavie acquisition. I think that opens up a whole new category for us that we'll see accelerated growth as we get more 5G deployments as you see more IoT applications out there. And what that does is it sends all the cellular traffic safely and directly to Akamai before it gets on to the Internet. And in that way, we can really protect enterprises in their cellular devices. And I think that's a market that is very exciting for the future.

Yes. As we talked about and we're continuing to gain share, if you exclude the 59 Chinese apps where obviously government regulation has lessened the traffic we're delivering there. And that's based on our scale and performance and ability to offer market competitive prices for our customers. And so I think you've seen that trend. Over the last couple of years, we've talked about it. We put a lot of effort into continuing to improve performance, continuing to improve our scale and on a global basis. And that puts us in a great position against the competition in the market. And you're right, the 4x is obviously not due to COVID. COVID did improve traffic, there's no question about that, but nothing like 4x.

Very, very strong. Well north of 90% of the top commerce companies rely on Akamai for application acceleration and also importantly -- and increasingly, importantly, security. And as I mentioned before now that these companies, a lot of them, most all of their business is online. And so security really, really matters now, and we're obviously the go-to supplier there.

Yes. In fact, a lot of our customers for the enterprise products are new to Akamai and hadn't bought our pre-existing product line. And that's because our web products, delivery and web app firewall were primarily to a subset of the Fortune 500, maybe 1/3 of the verticals to half of the verticals. But enterprise security is something that pretty much all the Fortune 500 would need. And so that has increased our market, and we have put effort into our specialist teams that help the sales force. I would say that all of our sales force now is very adept at selling the traditional Akamai security products. And most of them are actually pretty good now at the newer products with enterprise security, Page Integrity Manager. Swig is just new out there, so very early on. But I think we're in good shape there. And as of the, of course, that's sold by carriers as is our SPS solution. And so we would sell to the world's or Asavie -- now Akamai sell to the world's major carriers and provide a solution that they then take to enterprises. And I think that's a model that we're very excited about. And increasingly, you'll see with our enterprise security products will be led by channel partners and carriers being the majority of that.

Wait, so are you asking about what are we seeing in terms of DIY or what are we seeing in terms of big OTT players in their market penetration and success?

Okay. Well, yes, OTT is certainly increasing, and a lot of the offers are seeing substantial success. Obviously, some are doing better than others. But I do think OTT is here to stay. Obviously, got tailwinds from the pandemic. But I think people are -- as they view more online, that becomes more the pattern and that will outlive the pandemic. Of course, I think we'd all like to get back to a world when you can go out and see a movie, probably not it's going to be anytime soon here in the Americas or in EMEA. And I think more and more of the movie watching and TV shows will be watched online.
DIY is something that you know that we exist in a few of the largest content providers. And I don't think we've seen a huge shift there. You can sort of track that with our -- the cloud giant customers, which has been fairly steady over the last year or so. It's really hard to build-out something like that for yourself. It costs hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars, if not more. You end up spending more than you would with Akamai, and you don't get the quality you get with Akamai. And not only that. If you're a global company, you got to do it all around the world. That's just -- it doesn't make sense. Now some of the biggest companies do it, and I think you'll continue to see that. But there's not been a real fundamental shift there.

I'm going to hand that one over to Ed.

Yes. We continue to be very active in looking at potential deals. Obviously, it's a little trickier with the pandemic because travel is restricted, but that's not preventing us from doing transactions, as you saw from today's announcement. I would say, so far, the pandemic really hasn't impacted market caps very much. That may happen at some point depending on what happens with the global economy. So I would say it's business as usual right now.

Yes. So it depends exactly what you're referring to. But if it's a gaming tournament where a lot of people are watching, yes, we do that already, and that creates a fair amount of traffic. If it's a situation where an individual's gain and their screen is being streamed, we don't do that very much. We will handle the metadata and the security around that. The economics around streaming individuals, what they would see on their screen, that's pretty challenging. People have been working at that, the big gaming companies, for well over a decade and haven't really gotten the economics to work. But we would handle the metadata, the security, the log-ins, the leaderboard, all of that kind of stuff we handle. It's just the individual stream is not so economical.

Yes. We compete well with Zscaler there. I would say that the vast majority of the competition is the traditional CPE vendors and their traditional ways of doing things. And our value proposition is that we can do it in the cloud. That's a lot easier and more secure. And we can -- once we have it and we're providing the access, we can layer in Kona Site Defender and our other technologies, which the other companies don't have. And that makes it a superior service. So I'm optimistic about the future growth there. And even though we compete with Zscaler and compete well, really, the 2 of us are out there competing against the traditional way of doing things.

Yes. In terms of the verticals, obviously, the financial vertical is huge. As you can imagine, forward security. Commerce, increasingly important as more of their business moves online. And interestingly enough, big media, gaming sites are now seeing a lot of attacks. New sites, obviously, especially during an election cycle are big targets. And OTT sites and protecting accounts there is really important. So pretty much any big brand name is a big buyer of our security services.

I didn't catch that question. Can you repeat it, please?

Great. No, really good question. There is not a lot of overlap there. Their primary capability is to take the traffic from a cellular device and vector it through the carrier into what today is their platform. Now we are going to take that and vector it into the Akamai platform, and then we can layer in our enterprise security capabilities, our application firewall capabilities, Secure Web Gateway, make sure that traffic stays secure, so that the device doesn't end up going to a site with malware or -- and if it does, to make sure that malware doesn't get back on the device. And so there's a very little overlap in capabilities, but very strong synergy.
And the really nice thing is that their technology doesn't need to make use of a client. And a lot of the devices out there, especially in IoT, may not be equipped with that kind of capability. They'll just go straight with a cellular connection. And also, there's no way around it because it's handled with the SIM card layer. So it's not a situation like with a normal device where the user can sort of get around any corporate security and go where they want and then get malware on the device and bring it back into the enterprise.

Well, maybe the -- just settling down the overall environment out there would be good. Stress levels are obviously pretty high in the country -- in this country right now, and it'd be good to get past that. Obviously, taxes might rise. I don't think that changes the operation of the business in any way. Obviously, there'll be a onetime reset on EPS if the tax rate were to go up. And Ed can talk more to that. But I don't see the fundamentals of our business changing one way or another depending on who wins.
Ed, what thoughts do you have about that?