Thanks, Tom. And thank you all for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Akamai delivered excellent results for both the fourth quarter and the full year in spite of extraordinary challenges that we all faced in 2020. 
Q4 revenue was $846 million, up 10% over Q4 in 2019 and up 8% in constant currency. This strong result was driven by the continued rapid growth of our security business and continued high-traffic levels on our intelligent edge platform. Non-GAAP operating margin in Q4 was 30%, up 1 point over Q4 in 2019. And Q4 non-GAAP EPS was $1.33 per diluted share, up 8% year-over-year and up 6% in constant currency. 
For the full year, we surpassed our expectations on the top of the lines, setting new records for our business and positioning us well in the future. Full year 2020 revenue was $3.2 billion, up 11% over the prior year in constant currency and topping the $3 billion mark for the first time in our history. 
We're especially pleased to report that we expanded non-GAAP operating margin to 31% in 2020, over achieving our target of 30%. This is up dramatically from 24% in 2017. I think it's worth noting that we achieved this expansion over the past 3 years, while also investing for future growth. 
Non-GAAP EPS for 2020 was $5.22 per share, up 16% over 2019, and exceeding $5 per share for the first time. We also generated $1.2 billion in cash from operations last year, up 15% over 2019, and representing 38% of revenue. 
Our security portfolio continued to be the fastest-growing part of our business in Q4, generating revenue of $296 million, up 23% year-over-year in constant currency. For the full year, security revenue exceeded $1 billion and grew 25% over 2019. This puts Akamai in rare company as new firms generate more than $1 billion in annual revenue from cybersecurity solutions and fewer still grew at 25% last year. Security represented 1/3 of our revenue last year, which is up 29 -- up from 29% in 2019 and 24% in 2018. Bookings were especially strong for our Prolexic service in Q4 as we helped dozens of major enterprises defend against a huge wave of ransom DDoS attacks that began in Q3. DDoS production has been a mainstay of our portfolio for years and has never been more relevant for customers. 
We also saw strong bookings for our Bot Manager solution. OP manager helps defend against credential abuse attacks, which are about 4x greater in 2020 than the year before. 2020 was also a strong year for innovation, with the release of Page Integrity Manager and Secure Web Gateway. Bookings for both are off to an excellent start, as enterprises increasingly need to deal with malware, third-party software and applications. And the addition of Secure Web Gateway to our Enterprise Threat Protector service, better positions us to compete in the fast-growing enterprise security market. 
We were also pleased to close our acquisition of Asavie in Q4, which helps advance our security capabilities for cellular devices and networks. New Asavie customers signed after the integration include a national health agency, which adopted Asavie to secure its COVID vaccination application, and Digital Promise, a nonprofit organization that works to close the digital learning gap for students with equitable access to technology. 
Our Media and Carrier division also delivered a strong fourth quarter as a result of continued high levels of traffic for OTT video services and downloads of [indiscernible] gaming software. On November 10, traffic on the Akamai platform reached an all-time high of 181 terabits per second, 50% greater than the peak in 2019. Nobody in the marketplace comes anywhere close to our capacity to serve customers at the edge on a global scale. In fact, we already exceeded last year's traffic feat just last week. 
On the Application Performance side of the business, Q4 was a crucial quarter for e-commerce with major buying events such as Black Friday and Singles Day. The unmatched reliability, scale, global reach and security of our intelligent edge platform is a major reason why 40 of the world's top 50 retailers and 23 of the top 25 in the U.S. use Akamai to accelerate their commerce applications. 
Overall, we're very pleased with our performance last year on both the top and bottom lines. And I want to thank our employees for enabling Akamai to achieve such strong results as they cope with the challenges of the pandemic. As we look to the future, we see substantial opportunity for enterprises to increase their use of the Akamai intelligent edge platform. We believe the edge is where new applications and new business models will come to life, where intelligence will be built into how data is collected and analyzed, where the promise of 5G and IoT will be realized, and where security will provide the online world's first and most important line of defense. 
To better take advantage of these opportunities and to better serve our customers. We announced today that we'll be realigning our organization around 2 major groups of products, products that enable business online and products that protect business online. Both product groups will be supported with a single unified sales organization. 
Products that enable business online will be the focus of our new Edge Technology Group, which will be led by Adam Karon as COO and General Manager. This group will be responsible for our media delivery, web performance and edge computing solutions as well as the edge platform that underpins everything we do. These products generate about 2/3 of our total revenue today with strong margins and cash generation to fuel our innovation firepower. The group's mission is twofold: first, to ensure that our edge platform remains the unparalleled market leader for scale, performance, reliability, ease of use, agility and cost; and second, to generate additional growth through the innovation of new products and services for emerging customer needs in areas such as IoT, 5G and serverless computing. 
Products that protect business online will come together in a new security technology group to be led by Rick McConnell, as President and General Manager. This new group will be responsible for all our security solutions, including our market-leading web security products, such as Kona Site Defender, Bot Manager and Prolexic, our enterprise security products, such as Enterprise Application Access and Enterprise Threat Protector, and our carrier security products, such as our D&S based secure business offering, and our new secure mobile service from Asavie. 
In 2021, we'll go to market with a unified mobile sales organization to better serve our customers, deepen our channel relationships and provide our customers and partners with easier access to the full breadth of our portfolio. P.J. Joseph, who previously led our sales for media and carrier, will lead global sales, reporting to me. As part of the new alignment, Bobby Blumont will become our Chief Technology Officer, to guide innovation and be an evangelist for our technology vision and leadership in the marketplace. 
Kim Salem-Jackson, who has successfully led Akamai field marketing and Global Communications for the last 3 years, will become our new Chief Marketing Officer as part of a plan of transition. Kim will succeed Monique Bonner, who has done a fabulous job of transforming our marketing organization over the last 4.5 years. Mo will stay on with Akamai in a senior advisory role, which will allow her to devote more time to her family while still ensuring the success of key marketing initiatives currently underway. You can read more about our organizational announcement in the press release issued today, and you'll be able to hear directly from our leadership team at our Investor Summit on February 25, where we will outline our strategy and plans to drive Akamai's next phase of growth. 
Akamai made amazing contributions to the world in 2020, but we believe the best is yet to come. Looking ahead, we have the potential to greatly expand our business in enterprise and carrier security as we strive to further grow our leadership position in web security. We plan to grow the capacity of our unparalleled Intelligent Edge Platform by another order of magnitude as we continue to improve our market-leading performance reliability. We seek to bring innovative new services to market to support emerging IoT and serverless computing applications. We want to help enable the world to take advantage of the incredible potential of 5G. And we'll continue our efforts to build value for our shareholders with our world class talent, technology leadership, strong profitability and cash generation to fuel our future growth. 
Now I'll turn the call over to Ed to provide further details on our 2020 results and the outlook for 2021. Ed?

Well, I think the time has come to bring all of our security teams together. When we created the current structure 5 years ago, we didn't really have a security business to speak of, a few million dollars. Now it's over $1 billion, and we had, the products there were split among 3 different groups: The Web Security group, which is most of it; Enterprise Security, which we've talked a lot about; and Carrier Security, which is very closely tied to Enterprise. And Enterprise and Carrier are getting to a real scale now that we can bring them out of incubation and bring all of our security teams together in a division that just focuses on security. And I think that will provide even stronger growth going forward. Also unifying sales makes sense now. Before, we had a media sales force that were selling to customers who are buying media products. We had a web sales force selling to verticals that were buying web products. 
So splitting made sense then. But now all of our customers buy security. In fact, some of the big media customers are our biggest buyers of security products. And so I think it makes sense to bring the field force together, and it's more efficient. So I think the end result is that we will operate more efficiently, we'll have stronger innovations and continued very strong growth in our security product group. And also on the CDN side of the house, as Ed talked about, we've got some tailwinds there, also some challenges in the commerce and travel vertical. But I think very interesting future growth with areas like IoT, 5G and serverless computing. And bringing those teams together, I think, again, will enable us to be more efficient moving forward.

Yes. And in terms of the areas we're investing more, because we are. Net headcount went up quite a bit last year and will grow again this year despite the current reduction taking place. We're investing in innovation, new products, particularly in the security area. Also in our platform, making it more of a programmable platform for our customers, with projects such as edge workers and making it easier for customers to just deploy their code straight on to Akamai.
In terms of what the customer sees, they're going to see the same rep they saw before, by and large. When we had split the sales force before, it was by vertical. And so when we bring it together, it doesn't mean that there is an account breakage per se or that you're going to have a different rep. Now that said, it will be a more efficient management structure. We'll have a deeper focus on channels. It's especially important for our growing security products, particularly in the enterprise and carrier security products. And it will be easier, I think, for a rep to sell everything than maybe it was before. Now I think reps were, for example, in media, as I mentioned, selling security products, and they were versed in the whole product set, but I think that becomes even easier now.

Yes. And in terms of media customers buying security, our media customers are the biggest brands out there. And they very much need their content stay secure, and not have sites to face. They're worried about accounts being taken over, that media accounts, gaming accounts from the account hijackers, and that's where our Bot management and account protection capabilities are very important. And since these are such large enterprises, they tend to be very large security customers. When we get together on the 25th, we'll give a, really a much deeper breakdown into our various security products, how we think about them, their growth rates and what we're projecting over the next several years in terms of growth, we'll also give you updated counts on how many buys, how many security products.

And one thing is that the attack traffic, the bad guys out there, their volumes were way up across the board. Malicious log-in attempts, attempts to embed malware, those kind of things, DDoS attacks, huge increases, really, across the board last year. And so that -- and of course makes a big difference for Akamai to be able to help our customers because we're unique in being able to stop the largest denial of service attacks and being able to stop the account highjack attacks.

Yes. I'll take those. Page Integrity Manager is off to a great start. We had really very good bookings. Now of course, it just got launched in middle of last year. So it will take time to grow into $100 million business, but that's very exciting for us. And in terms of bookings for the Enterprise business, again, very strong. And as you know, we've been looking forward to getting our Enterprise and Carrier Security products to the point where they're $100 million of revenue. And we think that we can do that this year, at least get on that run rate, so that combined with the enterprise and carrier security, now that we have Asavie on board. And we're going to talk a lot more about that at the upcoming Analyst Day.

It's across the board. Enterprise Application Access, really important because of all the malicious log in attempts. Enterprise Threat Protector, with SolarWinds, becomes more important than ever to know what employee devices and enterprise devices are talking to, are they trying to contact, command and control outside the enterprise. That's something that we can help catch and stop. 
Asavie has done incredibly well, much better than we'd expected post acquisition. And for example, things like students that need to gain access for remote learning, to protect them, to make sure that their environment is secure. There's been a lot of development, of course, with carriers there. They sell this product, and we're behind the scenes. But very strong pickup there to secure the enterprise cellular networks. 
And then you think about IoT in the future, all those devices have to be secured and probably all going to be connected with 5G, so I think a lot of potential upside there. And our secure business solution that's resold by major carriers under their brand for small and media business -- medium business, again, doing very well. So I would say, across the board, with the enterprise and carrier products, very strong growth, and we might have a good chance of doubling revenue this year and reaching $100 million.

Yes. We've been thinking about a rework along these lines for really an extended period. It's something the senior management team would discuss, at least on an annual basis. And in terms of the trigger now, our security business has reached $1 billion, and that's an important milestone. We're also seeing really strong growth for the enterprise and carrier security products, as I mentioned, and they were both in the incubation phase and in different parts of the company. We had the enterprise group, had the enterprise security products and for the carrier products, that was on the Media and Carrier division. And of course, most of security revenue was in the web division.
And increasingly, as the smaller product areas grew, you start to have overlap. For example, anybody that buys Asavie, we want to sell him Kona Site Defender. Makes perfect sense. Same thing for enterprise security. If you buy EAA, you want Kona. And so I think it really makes sense now they've reached critical mass to bring them together into 1 team, focused on security.
And as I mentioned, with the sales organization is something we have thought about, over the last couple of years, certainly more efficient to have a single sales organization. And the advantage of having them be split had disappeared really once all our customers are buying really all our products, but certainly security.
So again, the time is right to do it. And you don't like doing something in the middle of the pandemic, but at the same time, you can't wait. At Akamai, we always have a sense of urgency. We want to get this done, because I think it will help our growth going forward.
Now in terms of 11%, we're very pleased to see that this year, we definitely got some tailwinds for overall traffic levels. And so the Media and Carrier division did well. We also deployed a ton of capacity for, as Ed mentioned, increased growth this year and next year. Just the rate of growth, probably less this year, next year, more like normal traffic increases as opposed to twice that, that we experienced this year.
I think we got hurt in revenue and our web performance products, as Ed talked about. A big part of their revenue comes from commerce, which has gotten -- most commerce companies have really been pounded with COVID. There's a few big names that have done very well, probably picked up business. The amount of commerce going online has increased dramatically, but when the parent company is hurting, that creates a more difficult environment to negotiate a contract. 
And in many cases, as we've talked about, we've worked with the customer to give them some relief and on pricing as well. We've gone to 0 overage, so they can plan better. And that hurt, I think revenue this past Q4, don't get a lot of firsting. On the other hand, it preserves that business more for us long term. And we're in this for the long haul. And it means we aren't going to share that business with the many competitors out there would like to have just a tiny piece of our commerce business. 
And so it seems a little paradoxical that on the one hand, it probably hurt us on revenue, on the other, as we talked about, we serve 40 of the global 50 leaders in commerce and retail and 23 of 25 in the U.S. And we're working very hard to maintain that business over the long-term and grow it, particularly with our security products.

Yes. Obviously, it illustrates the importance of Zero Trust. It was obviously a devastating attack. And it highlights the need for products, for example, like our Enterprise Threat Protector. It's one thing to try to stop the malware from getting inside. That's hard. You look at an example like this. But once it's inside, it has to go out and contact command and control. And that's something that you can pick up and detect and block in many cases, and then alert the CISO that they got a problem. And that's what our Enterprise Threat Protector product is meant to do and has done in many, many cases. 
So I think in the long run, it just heightens the need for products that we provide. And the need for Zero Trust, in general, stepping up a level. With third-party malware showing up everywhere, that's the same problem you have with Page Integrity and why our Page Integrity Manager service is so important. Because today, so many websites link to third parties or use third-party or open source code that has malware. And what that means is when a client or one of our users goes to their website or uses their app, the client gets infected and their personal information's exposed. 
And it's just another example of a third-party malware that's become infected that the enterprise is using. A different particular use case. One's the website, the other's internal enterprise apps, same problem and same devastating result, and Akamai has solutions to help stop that.

Yes. That's a great question. It's something we put a lot of time and effort into. This is a kind of thing we would plan for, really, for 6 months. It's important to know we're doing it from a position of strength. I think the last thing you want to do is rewire when you're in a position of weakness, because that's where you can get the disruption and the problems. And as you can see, we're as strong as we've ever been. And so I think that is a good time to do a reorg.
As we mentioned before, I don't see a lot of account disruption, a lot of account breakage. You do worry whenever you change the go-to-market operation that you could have some disruption that way. I don't think that's likely here because, as we mentioned, a lot of the accounts have the same person they had before that they're dealing with. So I don't think that will be a problem for us. And as you mentioned, we do have experience at doing this. And we have great employees. And I would say, morale in the company is very high. And so I don't anticipate serious disruption to the business here.

Yes. We do have a sales specialist already, and that is being maintained with the new organization. So there'll be no change there in terms of the specialist for not only the enterprise security products, but the carrier security products, which are very close. Also Prolexic has sales specialists there. So that won't change.