Thanks, Tom, and thank you all for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Akamai delivered excellent financial results in the third quarter, coming in at or above the high end of our guidance ranges for revenue, operating margin and earnings per share. Q3 revenue was $860 million, up 9% year-over-year and up 8% in constant currency.
Non-GAAP operating margin in Q3 was 32%, which reflects our continued focus on operational efficiency, even as we've continued to invest for future growth. Q3 non-GAAP EPS was $1.45 per diluted share, up 11% year-over-year.
Akamai's strong performance in Q3 was largely driven by our security business, which is now one of the leading cloud security businesses in the world, with an annualized revenue run rate of more than $1.3 billion, up 26% year-over-year and up 25% in constant currency. Over the last several years, we've grown our security portfolio from point solutions into a comprehensive platform that provides defense in depth to address our customers' biggest threats. The unique breadth of our defenses is important to our customers who want more security capabilities from fewer vendors.
Our security solutions are highly differentiated and recognized as best-in-class by our customers, who see us as a leading provider of services that protect their most critical assets, including enterprise websites, applications, data and access. We routinely earn top rankings in multiple categories from major industry analysts.
For example, Akamai disrupted the web app security market when we launched Kona Site Defender in 2012. Since then, we've continued to extend our leadership position in the web app firewall sector, with Gartner recently naming Akamai as a market leader for the fifth year in a row. Akamai has been the market leader in DDoS protection since we acquired Prolexic in 2014.
Forrester recently said, "Large enterprise clients that want an experienced, trusted vendor to make their DDoS problem go away should look to Akamai." As new threat vectors have emerged, we've extended our platform to defend against them. For example, we created the first comprehensive bot management solution to protect our customers from sophisticated bot operators who try to steal content, disrupt operations or penetrate user accounts. According to Forrester, Akamai is best for companies wanting to thwart bots at the edge.
Bloomberg Business Week, even quoted a hacker, calling Akamai's bot defense, "the hardest to crack." More recently, we released Akamai Page Integrity Manager to identify malicious code in third-party scripts and websites that's designed to steal end user data. Page Integrity Manager helps to address a major threat that's been costing businesses hundreds of millions of dollars in fines as well as serious reputation damage.
We plan to extend our web app protections further in the coming months with the release of account protector and audience highjacking prevention. Account Protector is designed to reduce fraud by making sure that the entity logging into an account is the true owner of that account. Audience hijacking prevention can help businesses protect sales by fording malware that diverts a customer just before the completion of a transaction.
Since founding Akamai over 20 years ago, our vision has always been to help our customers solve their toughest Internet challenges. And today, that includes stopping ransomware. Ransomware is a huge problem for enterprises around the world, with a new attack striking every 11 seconds. The damage resulting from ransomware is expected to amount to over $20 billion this year alone. Guardicore is critical to stopping the spread of ransomware, and that's a key reason why we acquired the company.
Akamai is already selling solutions, such as Enterprise Application Access, that help prevent attackers from gaining access to enterprise infrastructure and applications. But to be secure in today's world, you also need a second layer of defense to block the spread of malware that has gained a foothold in the enterprise. And that's where Guardicore comes in.
Guardicore helps detect when a breach has occurred by identifying anomalous data flows within enterprise networks. Guardicore also helps prevent the malware from spreading through a capability known as micro-segmentation. Guardicore's micro-segmentation solution limits access within the enterprise to only those applications that are authorized to communicate with one another.
Denying communication as the default greatly limits the spread of malware and protects the flow of enterprise data across the network. And that's the key to stopping ransomware. We believe Guardicore's best-in-class micro-segmentation solution is the perfect addition to our Zero Trust portfolio, enabling Akamai to offer customers a comprehensive solution to stop the damage being caused by ransomware and malware.
During the call we held on September 29, we spoke about the parallels between our acquisition of Guardicore with our acquisition of Prolexic in 2014. Just as the acquisition of Prolexic propelled us to a leadership position in helping to stop DDoS attacks, we believe that the acquisition of Guardicore will establish Akamai as a leader in helping to stop the damage caused by ransomware as well as other forms of malware.
Customers see Akamai as a strategic partner in security not only because of the strength and breadth of our solutions, but also because of the depth of our security expertise and threat intelligence and the scale of our platform, the same platform that underpins our world-leading CDN. Akamai CDN handles over 5 trillion requests every day. In addition, we resolve more than 3 trillion DNS queries each day. This gives us unmatched real-time insight into the world's Internet traffic, which we analyze to provide best-in-class threat intelligence, protection and support. 
We also have one of the industry's largest and most experienced teams of security professionals, with thousands of engineers and consultants working on security for our customers. Our security solutions are tightly integrated into the world's largest and most distributed edge platform, and that provides unmatched global scale to defend customers against not only the largest DDoS attacks, but also against the vast bot armies that are waging attacks from the edge. The integration of our security solutions with our CDN solutions also provides benefits to our customers in terms of improved performance and ease of use.
With Akamai, security and performance go hand in hand. You can buy them together as a single protect and perform package, which makes purchasing and integration easy for the customer. And when you buy security from Akamai, your performance has automatically improved. That's because we apply the security layer as we are delivering the content from the world's true edge platform. This means that the processing needed for security stays close to the end user, which makes for much better performance.
Akamai's unique combination of security and delivery provides a powerful offering in the market, which is one reason why we're the market leaders in both security and CDN. Our CDN business also generates substantial cash that we can use to invest in future growth, as we've recently done with the Guardicore acquisition. For example, our CDN business generated revenue of $526 million in Q3 and contributed substantially to our overall free cash flow of $273 million, enough to cover almost half of what we spent to acquire Guardicore.
We believe that having the world's largest and most distributed edge network also provides a great foundation for the growth of our edge applications business. As 5G rolls out, as IoT applications proliferate and as more data is created and processed at the edge, Akamai's edge compute platform is very well suited to support the high throughput and low latency applications that are not well served by traditional cloud providers today.
From delivery and performance to compute and security, the world's leading brands want our help. That's because the Internet is getting more complicated, with more traffic, higher user expectations and more cyber threats every day. And the world's leading enterprises know that Akamai can help keep their digital experiences close to their end users and the threats farther away. They know that what we do makes life better for billions of people, billions of times a day, and that nobody powers and protects life online like Akamai.
I'll now turn the call over to Ed to provide further details on our Q3 results and our outlook for the rest of the year. Ed?

Yes. Our government business is very strong, particularly in security. We defend most -- all the major agencies in the government, pretty much every branch of the military. So I would say we have a very strong business there.

And in terms of the developer focused question, we've done a lot of work to make our platform be very accessible to developers. A lot of effort there and strong progress. And in fact, on a daily basis, we're now spinning up about 5 billion applications on edge workers, and that's every day. So strong adoption of our capabilities in terms of edge computing.

Yes. And the strength was really across all of our product categories, all of them growing at close to 20% or more. Infrastructure doing well, app and API protection, fraud well into close to 30% growth and access the best of all. And of course, that will get a lot stronger now with Guardicore and the ransomware solution. So I guess it's across the board in security.

Yes. We continue to look and invest in new capabilities in security, both organically and through M&A. As we talked about, Page Integrity Manager released in the last year, a very exciting technology. Going forward, we have account protector. There's a lot of customer interest there. And then early next year, audience hijacking protection. I think that's -- a lot of customers have asked for that, and that stops malware or plug-ins from stealing or hijacking their audience right before the point of sale or the transaction is executed. Obviously, in the access segment, I think that's a huge area of future growth. 
Really excited about the Guardicore acquisition. That combines very nicely with our Zero Trust solutions. It combines with Enterprise Application Access to give you the full combination of North, Southeast, West, I think will be compelling in the market. So we're continuing to invest across the board. And of course, with the existing solutions that we continually work on those to add features, stay ahead of the new attack vectors. And so it's not just like you build a web app firewall, you're constantly adding new capabilities to it to stay ahead the attackers, to keep our customers safe.

So primarily, we've used the equity buyback to offset the equity dilution from employee grants. And from time to time, we do buy back additional shares, and we've seen that over the years. And we use an approach such that as the stock price declines, we will buy back more. And I do feel that in this market, Akamai has a very strong presence both in CDN and security. Our security business growing at 25% on a very big number. And I do feel that Akamai is worth a lot more in this market. And so you may see us buy back additional shares, especially depending on how the stock price fluctuates.

Yes. We're always looking at new capabilities, as I mentioned. Of course, the attackers are always innovating with new forms of attack. But I am very excited about the Guardicore acquisition. And I think it really does fill out and complete our access story, our ability to stop ransomware and malware. As I mentioned, we already have capabilities that prevent the malware from getting in. Enterprise application access, in particular, governs what employees can touch and access. And even then it has to come through Akamai's application firewall. So we're making sure that malware doesn't come in. We also have multifactor authentication, which make sure that the employee is who they say they are.
And now with Guardicore, we stop the spread of the malware, if it does get in. And there are a lot of ways into the enterprise today. It is really -- despite all the defenses you try to put in place, somebody, for example, in the capital pipeline case, a password or credential gets out there.
Now we still have ways of catching that somebody is using a stolen credential. But malware does get in still. And so the real key there is stopping the spread, and that's what Guardicore does. And so now I think it's really nice because you stopped the ransomware with Guardicore, but we've got the whole package and whole solution now. And I think that's really unique in the marketplace and very exciting.

Yes. Let me just add, our strategy in security is to combine organic development with intelligent and timely acquisitions, and we'll continue to do that. And of course, when you buy a company after a year, its growth becomes organic and it's no longer counted as an acquisition growth per se. And I think we've had a really great track record of doing that in security, going back all the way to the Prolexic acquisition in 2014.
And as I mentioned, I think, Guardicore is fundamentally like that in terms of really transforming our enterprise security business just like Prolexic transformed our DDoS business, which, of course, today is very, very successful. We're the market leader by far. And our goal is to do that on the enterprise security side for things like stopping ransomware and stopping malware.
And as Ed said, as we continue to want to grow our security business over the longer term at 20-plus percent, that will include acquisitions. And I think acquisitions are a good thing. It gives you a jump start on technology in an important area. Guardicore has been working for a long time to develop their micro segmentation approach. I believe it is a market getting what they do. They're the best folks out there.
And now we have the benefit of all of the years of effort that they put into that at a perfect time because a lot of companies are rightly worried about stopping ransomware, and now Akamai is in a position to help them do that. And of course, it fits with a lot of our organic development on technology around EAA. It's an ideal combination. So we'll continue to do both and working hard to continue our security growth at 20-plus percent.

I think the competitive environment is very similar to what it's been in the past. It is a very competitive environment across the board from cloud giants who are also our largest customers all the way down to startups. Obviously, CDN is a mature environment competitively. And so I don't see there's any fundamental change there.
Security is really a great impairment for us. We're the market leader by far in the core areas of defending and protecting websites, applications and APIs, the leader by far in DDoS prevention. And those are areas that have a lot of attacks taking place. And now sort of the new category for us, where we will encounter new competition because we're moving into that space in a big way would be enterprise security. We already have a very strong access solution there. And now we have what we believe is the best solution to stop ransomware with micro segmentation. And by adding that to Akamai, we now have a new set of competitors there because we're entering their space, and we think there's a lot of potential gain for Akamai there, and an ability to help major enterprises.

Okay. Thank you, everyone. In closing, we will be presenting at a number of investor conferences and road shows throughout the rest of the fourth quarter, and details of these can be found in the Investor Relations section of akamai.com. We appreciate you joining us, and all of us here at Akamai wish continued good health to you and yours. And have a great evening. Thank you.