Thanks, Tom, and thank you all for joining us today. 
Akamai delivered excellent results in the third quarter. Revenue was $670 million, up 7% over Q3 of last year and up 8% in constant currency with continued very strong performance for our security products and continued improvement in our Media and Carrier Division. 
Q3 non-GAAP EPS was $0.94 per diluted share, up 47% year-over-year. This very strong result was driven by our solid revenue growth, the impact of cost reductions made over the past year and a lower tax rate. EBITDA margins in Q3 improved to 41% and non-GAAP operating margins improved to 27%. This marked the fourth consecutive quarter of improving margins, and we expect further improvements by the end of the year. 
Looking farther ahead, we're now confident that we can achieve non-GAAP operating margins of 30% in 2020 while continuing to invest in innovation and new products to drive our future growth. 
In Q3, our security portfolio was again the fastest growing part of our business with revenue of $169 million, up 39% over Q3 of last year in constant currency. Our security business accounted for 25% of our total Q3 revenue and exited the quarter at a run rate of nearly $700 million per year, making Akamai one of the world's largest cloud security providers. 
Our security products received accolades from 2 leading analyst firms last month. Gartner named Akamai as a leader in its Magic Quadrant for web application firewalls for the second year in a row. And Forrester named Akamai as a leader in its new Wave for bot management, giving Akamai their highest rating possible for attack response, threat research, reporting and analysis, roadmap and market approach. 
In a world where lots of claims are made by competing companies, it's gratifying to receive this level of recognition from the world's leading industry analyst firms. There are several reasons why Akamai is a leader in cybersecurity: our track record of innovation and emphasis on R&D, combined with smart and accretive acquisitions; our Edge platform's enormous capacity and close proximity to users and devices; the insights in real-time data we gain from protecting so many of the world's leading enterprises; and our team of experts who provide exceptional customer service and support. 
Many of our customers have told us that they simply have too much at stake to risk their business on anything less. Most of our security revenue today is based on protecting public-facing websites and applications from denial of service and application layer attacks. We've also been developing novel products to protect internal enterprise applications. And I'm very pleased to report that these new products have been gaining traction. 
Bookings in Q3 for our Enterprise Application Access and Enterprise Threat Protector services were up 30% over Q2 and up more than fourfold over Q3 of last year. Our new enterprise security customers include leading companies such as one of the largest banks in the U.K., a $10 billion travel company, a $4 billion luxury fashion brand, 2 of the world's leading consulting firms and a $30 billion media company.
We believe that our new enterprise security offerings are gaining traction because they provide the core capabilities needed for a zero trust security architecture. It's called zero trust because enterprises can no longer assume that any device or employee on their internal network is trustworthy. That's because employees sometimes click on the wrong link and accidentally import malware, which can then lead to a very costly data breach. 
As a result, we've seen growing interest in new architectures that protect internal applications by granting access at the application layer instead of the network layer. This approach avoids exposing corporate networks to a VPN and eliminates the need to manage complex network firewall rules. As the value of such a disruptive solution becomes apparent to more customers, we expect the adoption of our new enterprise security services to continue their rapid growth. 
We've also integrated our market-leading Kona Site Defender technology into our zero trust solution so that if an employee or an internal device is compromised, we can help prevent the infection from spreading to other enterprise applications or from gaining access to sensitive data. And as an added benefit for global companies, we can also integrate our Ion solution to substantially improve the performance of enterprise applications for employees around the world. 
Turning to our divisional results for the quarter. Web Division customers generated $357 million in revenue in the third quarter, up 9% in constant currency over Q3 of last year, with continued strong traction for our new products such as mPulse, Image Manager and Bot Manager. 
We've been seeing positive results by offering bundled solutions to customers that want the ability to leverage multiple Akamai products. Bundles that combine our security and performance products have proven to be especially popular. And they also provide a strong advantage over competitors that have only point solutions or rudimentary security capabilities.
Revenue for our Media and Carrier Division in Q3 was $313 million, up 7% in constant currency over Q3 of last year. Traffic growth remained very strong in our OTT and gaming sectors and was higher than published reports for the Internet as a whole. Growing traffic faster than the Internet as a whole means that we continued to gain share. In fact, to meet the increasing demand from our customers, we added about as much traffic in the past year alone as the total capacity claims by many of our competitors. 
As you know, some of these competitors are preparing to go public or trying to be sold. In such circumstances, it's not uncommon for a company to take pot shots at the established market leader which, in this case, of course, is Akamai. This kind of activity has been such a regular occurrence over the last 15 to 20 years that some analysts have referred to these companies as YAAKs, spelled Y-A-A-K, which stands for Yet Another Akamai Killer. 
To be clear, we take all our competitors very seriously, and we strive to take the high road when it comes to talking about the competition. In that spirit, I want to take a few minutes today to set the record straight on some of the things we understand competitors have been saying about us. One claim being made by the competition is that they're taking customers away from us. 
Of course, when you have many thousands of customers and well over $2.5 billion of revenue, there will always be some level of customer churn. But at Akamai, our churn rate is very low. In fact, our total competitive churn over the past year has amounted to a very low single-digit percentage of revenue. Moreover, our competitive churn rate declined over the past year. And in cases where we have lost customers to a competitor in the past, we found that many subsequently return to Akamai because of our superior capabilities, such as the $10 billion retailer who came back to Akamai after they experienced web performance issues and had security concerns with credentials stuffing when using our competitor's services. 
Another claim we've heard is that our competition can offer comparable service for less. The reality is that our competitors can't match Akamai when it comes to reliability, performance and scale. Just consider the way we delivered the recent World Cup tournament where 3 of our largest competitors had glaring and well-publicized failures. Few of our competitors have security capabilities, and we believe that none offer the level of breadth of protection provided by Akamai. 
And we don't rush features to market while making excuses like one competitor did last month when they acknowledged that their web gateway and browser extension needed more time to mature into a secure and reliable platform. Akamai customers don't want to wait for a secure and reliable platform, and they don't have to. As noted by independent research firm, IDC, Akamai has had the strongest and broadest Edge security offering for quite some time.
To deflect attention away from the immaturity of their platforms, some competitors say that our edge architecture is outdated or that their centralized data centers are somehow superior. The reality is that we believe our Edge architecture, with the 240,000 servers that we positioned in 3,900 locations in more than 1,000 cities across 143 countries, delivers vastly superior scale, performance and security. Our competitors simply don't have the scale or the reach to serve customers at the edge the way we do, and you just can't do what we do with a few dozen or even 100 points of presence. 
Our reach at the edge is why so many of the world's leading enterprises choose Akamai when it comes to delivering their media, accelerating their applications and protecting their most important assets. We also believe that the competitive differentiation provided by our unique edge architecture will become even more important in the future as traffic volumes increase by a factor of 10 to 100 or more as billions of devices get connected and as cyber attacks increase in size and sophistication. The core of the Internet just doesn't have the scale or proximity to end users and devices to keep up with ever increasing demands. 
The edge of the Internet is where our customers connect with their end-users, and that is where their digital experiences must be fast, intelligent and secure. It's gratifying that the analyst community is now embracing the importance of our Edge architecture. Gartner recently published a report titled, the Edge Will Eat the Cloud, which predicts that while cloud providers will extend their models closer to the edge, the architecture of the edge will be driven more by technologies that already have physical edge footprints. 
Akamai pioneered the Edge platform, and we've been building upon it for 20 years, giving us a physical edge footprint that we believe is virtually impossible to replicate. For years, our competitors have been saying that being at the edge didn't matter. Now some have started using the word edge in the naming of their solutions. 
There's an enormous difference between saying you're at the edge and actually being there. And it shows up on the quality and security of your solutions. In our view, no amount of renaming can change the fact that our competitors are bound by the limitations of their centralized models.
Some new entrants claim to have leapfrogged us in terms of their technology. The reality is that Akamai has an excellent track record when it comes to technology leadership and market-transforming innovation. Akamai pioneered Edge computing as part of our Edge suite service over 15 years ago. We've extended our Edge platform to the client and added the capabilities necessary to support the Internet of Things. And today, we're building a blockchain platform that's designed to perform more than a million transactions a second. 
The amount we invest in R&D on an annual basis is more than many of our competitors' annual revenue. We have more engineers innovating than most competitors have in total headcount. And we've also made smart acquisitions that we believe have enhanced our offerings and have delivered strong value to our customers and shareholders, including Cyberfend in bot management, Nominum in security, Soha in enterprise security and SOASTA in performance management. We've also made it much easier for developers and admins to use our services and to build amazing digital experiences for their customers. 
Over 1,000 developers in 24 cities attended our recent DevOps world tour, where we received very favorable feedback for the significant enhancements we've made in our developer experience. Competitors don't invest as much as we do in innovation, so we've been told that they say our infrastructure is costly and inefficient. The reality is that each business at Akamai runs on the same Akamai Intelligent Edge platform, which gives us excellent leverage in terms of cost. 
For example, last quarter, we decreased our overall spend on bandwidth and colo while delivering significantly more traffic than we did a year ago. Our advances in software have helped us to reduce the amount we spend on network CapEx to less than 6% of revenue. In Q3, our gross margins were 77%. EBITDA margins were 41%, and operating margins were 27%. We challenge any competitor who calls our platform inefficient to show you anything close to our margins and profitability.
Looking across the competitive landscape, I don't see anyone in the marketplace I'd want to trade places with. It's not even close. We're the market leader in media delivery, application acceleration, DDoS prevention, web application protection and bot management. But rest assured that we know that we can never be complacent, and we will never stand still. We're committed to providing superior customer value in everything that we do, and we intend to continue our great track record of innovative R&D, our success in bringing disruptive technologies to market and to providing our customers with exceptional services and support.
In summary, I'm very pleased with our Q3 results, including the very strong performance in our security business, the continued improvement in our Media and Carrier Division, the expansion of our margins for the fourth quarter in a row and the excellent growth on the bottom line.
I'll now turn it over to Jim to review our financials and guidance for the rest of the year. Jim?

Yes, so we're pretty excited about the future potential for the security business. You know today, that revenue and almost all the growth is associated with our Kona Site Defender and Prolexic products now with bot management being one of our most successful new products ever, and so that is the existing base. Bot Manager has a long way to go for growth, which is great. And then, as we talked about on the call with our approach to enabling a zero trust architecture, that's pretty much brand-new and were at the early stage of bookings. Seeing them ramp substantially should start really making a difference with the revenue we report in '19 and '20. And in the long run, that has probably more potential than the existing business, which is already driving $700 million annual run rate and growing in the high 30s. So I think as you look to the future, there's a ton of runway for our security business, and we're in a great position there. Now in terms of your second question, ability to invest. Yes, I do believe that we can continue to make the margin improvement we talked about, get to 30% in 2020 and still be able to make the investments we need in security. And part of that is being very careful with how we spend our OpEx. And as you can tell, we've made great progress in the efficiency of our platform. We delivered a ton more traffic this year than last year. The dollars we spent to do that, with bandwidth and colo, actually declined. And that generates a lot of cash for us, and we're focusing a lot of our investment to grow the security business. So I think with careful management of OpEx and fantastic product set and capabilities there, we have a long way to go with security growth.

Yes, the performance products are performing comparable to last quarter. As we talked about last quarter, there's some pressure on our customers in that segment of commerce and retail. They've got their hands full with some of the cloud giants in terms of competition for their businesses. That puts pressure on in terms of what they can spend. There's price pressure there. We talked about that last quarter with prices coming down a little bit faster than traffic is growing there. And so the performance products, a little bit of a flat business. As we also talked about, we're packaging our product, security and performance products together. And in some cases, that means something that might have been a small amount of performance revenue might now get counted as part of the security bundle because these packages are being driven by our customers' demand for security products. Jim, do you want to add to that?

Yes. Well, already, we now have the capability for developers in parallel at even a given company to make changes on the fly, cast them out. We have an Edge container for them, and they can do it on the Edge platform. So it's a very nice thing in terms of DevOps for our larger customers who have lots of developers making changes simultaneously on their website and to be able to do this in a safe and efficient way. Just in terms of DevOps on our Edge platform, of course, the Edge platform is important for so many other reasons. The capacity to deliver large amounts of video in high-quality, the capacity to absorb giant denial of service attacks. The data that we get at the Edge from conducting so many of the world's transactions and name server lookups, being close to end users and all the devices, both for application performance, mobile performance and the Internet of Things where you've got to be managing metadata within milliseconds of the devices. The Edge is important for all of those reasons.

Yes, we don't release the detailed statistics. But as I mentioned earlier, our competitive churn rate is incredibly low, very small single digits on an annual basis and actually declined year-over-year. So we're very pleased with our customer retention. Jim, do you want to add to that at all?

Yes, they're buying the same products. And in fact, we have a couple of very large media accounts, some of the first large adopters of our zero trust solutions for the enterprise security. So I would say, media companies are like other verticals in terms of having a real need for security. And of course, a lot of the headlines you reach -- read for data breaches, some of those are big media companies. The only thing that makes media different is that there's a smaller number of really big customers that drive media revenue overall. And media revenue overall tends -- the majority of that is driven by their traffic, the traffic of the top 250 global media brands. But they are big consumers of security.

I'm not sure the question there. Our security products aren't traffic-based by and large. So the dynamic in the media company would be your bulk of your revenue is driven by the traffic and the price of the traffic. And the security products can even be of a fixed-price nature in some cases. Maybe, I didn't answer your question.

Yes, so we very much like our CDN business and it has a lot of room for growth. I think the big drivers there, obviously, OTT, video, seeing very strong growth there. Gaming, really strong growth, set major records with the various Fortnite releases. So I think there's a lot of room for growth in the CDN business. Of course on the performance side, as you move more apps into the mobile environment, performance is especially challenging there. People want their sites to be more interactive, richer, have video now. We're broadening our Image Manager product to be a video manager product so you can have short video clips on your commerce site. So performance continues to be a challenge for our customers there. And I think in the long run, that's a very good business for us. Jim, you want to talk about margins?

You know it's very early days in zero trust. And so, I would say most enterprises and the CSOs aren't there yet. But you're seeing the first wave and it comes across many verticals, which is really exciting prospect for us. We have the early adopters that they get it. They understand that the traditional model of building the moat around the castle or putting in the VPN and the firewall just doesn't cut it. It's just way too easy for somebody to click on the wrong link, even when they're not in the company, when they're on the outside, bring the device on the inside and you're dead. Before you know it, you got a major data breach. And so the notion of authenticating somebody at the network layer, I think people are starting to realize it doesn't work. You can't get the security you need plus it's a big overhead with a lot of cost. And instead by authenticating at the application layer, now you would get access on an app by app basis, and then you can add in our Kona Site Defender, that's fantastic, much more secure, and we've had some really great proof points among the early adopters of catching infections that were inside, devices on the inside that were infected, that were trying to exfiltrate data that they just didn't know about. So we're in the early days. We have now over a couple of hundred customers, some major brands using it. And you see our bookings really accelerating now. So we're very excited about the future there. And there's still a long way to go. It's not going to be next year that all enterprises suddenly decide they're going to totally change their security posture, but you are seeing the leaders now start to do that. And that's exciting.

A little of it. And sometimes -- what we're really seeing is if there's sites or apps that don't matter that the customer has, they will sometimes source that with a competitor. But for apps and sites that matter in our base, those would be on Akamai. And in addition, if the app or site matters, you got to secure it. And you can't secure it with most all the other providers out there or at least not to the level that you'd need to. And so in fact, that's why the bundle is so helpful and a real competitive manage. And in many cases, the sale is led by security and the delivery or the performance comes with the product or comes in the bundle. And so that, I think, makes a big difference. It's not just an issue. Hey, there's very few cases where you say I'm going to split this site with 2 vendors. Now you do get that in video or in media. You don't really see that on the web side. You'll see some of the apps that don't matter as much or you don't care about securing, those might be given to a competitor. That, we'll see some of that out there. And again, bundling, I think, can be a good defense against that as well.