Thanks, Tom, and thank you all for joining us today. 
Before I get into the numbers, I want to acknowledge how much the world has been disrupted by the COVID-19 pandemic. All of our lives have been impacted in ways that would have been hard to imagine only a short while ago. At Akamai, our primary concern is for the health and safety of our employees, their loved ones, our customers and partners and the communities where we work and live. Fortunately, we're in a position where almost all of our employees can work remotely, and we've been doing that successfully for the last 2 months. We've also implemented special measures to protect employees who need to travel, for example, to a data or operation center. And we're doing what we can to help employees who face especially challenging situations as a result of the pandemic. 
As businesses and consumers around the globe adjust their routines in the interest of public health, the Internet is being used at a scale that the world has never experienced. In addition to the hundreds of millions of people who've been working from home, governments are leveraging the Internet to keep citizens informed and to provide economic assistance. Houses of worship are streaming services, and communities are engaging online to relieve the social isolation felt by many. And of course, education, commerce and entertainment are now almost entirely online. 
As much of the world hunkers down in place, Akamai is continuing to work behind the scenes to keep the Internet functioning as a lifeline for organizations and people everywhere. I'll talk more in a minute about Akamai's unique role during the pandemic and the impact of the pandemic on our business. But first, I'll review our Q1 financial performance. 
I'm pleased to report that Akamai had a very strong first quarter on both the top and bottom lines. Revenue was $764 million, up 8% year-over-year and up 9% in constant currency. Non-GAAP operating margin in Q1 was 30%, up 1 point over Q4 and consistent with Q1 of last year. Non-GAAP EPS in Q1 was $1.20 per diluted share, up 9% year-over-year and up 11% in constant currency. 
These excellent results were driven by the continued strong performance of our security solutions' greater-than-expected traffic levels and by our continued focus on operational efficiency. 
As more business is conducted over the Internet, the ability to scale becomes critical. And when it comes to scale, Akamai is the clear leader. Traffic on our platform increased dramatically in March as enterprises turn to Akamai to move more of their operations online. Despite the cancellation or postponement of major sporting events like March Madness and Champions League Soccer, our traffic increased by about 30% over a 4-week period at the end of Q1. Traffic reached a peak of 167 terabits per second, which was more than double the peak in the first quarter of 2019. We're very pleased that the capacity we added to the platform last year has enabled us to help our customers when they need us most. 
We're also making a big difference when it comes to helping the major carriers handle the explosion in demand. That's because we deployed our infrastructure deep into carrier networks and close to end users. Thereby offloading an enormous amount of traffic that would otherwise congest core backbones and routers. 
Of course, performance is also critical as businesses move the majority of their operations online. Although some other companies have experienced cases of performance degradation and even extended outages in recent months, I'm very happy to report that Akamai's performance has remained consistent and strong over the past quarter. In fact, our measurements indicate that the page download times provided by our industry-leading Ion service have significantly improved over the past year. This is in spite of the large increase in traffic and is the direct result of our relentless efforts to improve the performance of our services. 
Akamai is also helping to protect many of the world's major enterprises as more employees work from home and as IT departments increase their focus on business continuity. We believe that Akamai's market-leading security services are needed now more than ever as attackers take advantage of the pandemic to ramp up their exploits on enterprises across all verticals. 
In Q1, our cloud-based security portfolio generated $240 million in revenue, up 28% year-over-year in constant currency. Sales continued to be led by our flagship services for DDoS prevention, application layer firewall and bot management. We also saw a strong surge in bookings for our next-gen zero trust enterprise security solutions. The strong demand we saw in Q1 for our security and media services more than offset the reduced revenue we received from companies that have been hit hardest by the pandemic, especially in the travel and hospitality vertical. Where appropriate, we are modifying the terms of these customers' contracts to provide them some relief and flexibility often in return for extended contract length. 
We value our customers and want them to think of Akamai as a supportive and reliable partner for the long run. We're fortunate that our financial strength enables us to provide assistance to customers in need which we believe will benefit our shareholders and the global economy over the long term. 
We've also played an important role in helping to support websites and applications associated with response to the pandemic. And the Akamai Foundation is providing substantial financial assistance for numerous relief efforts around the world.
Most of all, today, I want to recognize and thank our nearly 7,800 employees for working so hard to serve the thousands of organizations and billions of Internet users who rely on us during these very challenging times. I couldn't be prouder of the way that our people have stepped up and of what they're managing to accomplish despite their own personal challenges in dealing with the pandemic. Their spirit and leadership during a time of crisis is a key part of what makes Akamai such a unique and strong company.
Lastly, I want to offer a warm welcome to our Board's newest member, Marianne Brown. Marianne joined Akamai's Board last month and brings with her extensive financial and operational expertise as well as valuable leadership experience with global technology-driven companies.
I'll now turn the call over to Ed for more details on our Q1 performance and our outlook for Q2. Ed?

Yes. And first, thanks for the concern about Akamai employees. And I'm happy to report that, by and large, we're all doing well. In terms of the question on security growth, looking very strong. And partly, that's because the attackers aren't held back by the pandemic or working remotely. In fact, we've seen a substantial increase in attack activity, and perhaps that -- perhaps, they're doing that because they know IT managers have a lot of other things that they got to worry about in terms of supporting their workforce remotely. That increases vulnerabilities. And so it's really a perfect storm for the attackers to run their exploits. And we have products that are really well designed to help major enterprises deal with that both for securing their websites and apps and also for securing access for their employees who are now remote all of a sudden. And so we've seen a very strong uptick in bookings for our enterprise security products. 
And I guess the last point there is our customer base is the world's major enterprises. And they're going to fare better than most through the pandemic, and we have very good relationships. And so we're in a better position to provide them with the new security capabilities or the increased capacity that they're going to need for their security products. So on balance, I think the security business is looking very strong. And of course, we're all hoping that the global recession doesn't really deepen or persist for a long time.

Yes. So strong bookings there. Now the Secure Web Gateway is just now available in beta and as part of our Enterprise Threat Protector solution version 3.0. And I think that really increases the strength of the offer. Where we're seeing a lot of the bookings now is in Enterprise Application Access. And you think of that as the VPN replacement, think of that as saying that that's all your employees who used to just log in, in the physical building now have to do it from home and you need to secure them and you need to scale that overnight. And so I think that's why we're seeing a real uptake there.
And in general, I think these are the solutions of the future for enterprise security. They enable the zero trust model. They are much more secure than the traditional solutions that enterprises have been using now for decades and put -- can put a big dent in enterprise data breaches in the future.

Yes. The demand increased steadily through March and total traffic increasing from March to April. And you can see as countries went into shelter in place, you see the traffic increase. And I think most of the world is -- or at least the traffic-wise, it's still in that condition of being high. And as we look forward, we may see more normal growth from here depending, as Ed said, on live events and OTT launches and so forth. So APJ, I would say, also very strong. And as you know, a lot of our -- we've got a lot of strong growth there.

Yes. We think we're past the delays. We did have about 90 days of delay on delivery of a bunch of servers, but we've had -- we have plenty of capacity and as you can tell by hitting a peak, which is really what the CapEx governs of doubling year-over-year. And at this point, we think we're in very good shape with the supply lines and getting the port capacity we want for the rest of the year. We have the techs in all the cities where we need to do that, to do the installation. And we have the approvals from pretty much all the major governments that our folks can move around even where it's a very strict lockdown just because we're such a critical resource in countries around the world. So we're optimistic, as Ed said, on being able to continue to deploy capacity and to stay ahead of the demand.

So in Q2, yes. I would say right now, there's a good chance that we could see the strength in medium more than offset live sports and potentially, the impact on webs. Right now, we have 60 days to go. You'll never know what can happen here in the last 60 days, why we've given you a larger-than-normal range, but it is possible, and I wouldn't be surprised if we saw CDN grow a bit here in Q2.

Yes. In terms of the secular shifts, I think there's a reasonable prospect that there will be much more use of the Internet coming out of this permanently than there was going in. And in many areas, you look at e-commerce. And traditionally, that was the penetration of e-commerce and commerce as a whole was growing about 2% of the year and low to mid-teens. And pretty much now the large majority of commerce is online. And after people get used to doing that for an extended period, a lot of that share gain may become permanent. That's really good for Akamai. You look at media and movie releases being done online, a lot of consumption now moving online. And that may become permanent, a lot of that as well. You look at work from home, there wasn't a lot of that before, but now there's just a ton of it. And after you've done it for a while, I think you may see a lot of that become permanent. And so just across-the-board, it's not so much new uses of the Internet that weren't done a little bit before, but now they're being done at massive scale. And there's a prospect that the scale will be very large coming out. And so when we look at the secular tailwinds here, obviously, we're worried about a global recession. As Ed talked about, we just have no idea how long or deep that will be. We're hoping we get out of this pandemic situation by the end of the year and things are looking better, that's beyond our control. But once we do emerge, it does seem like there's a lot of strong tailwinds for Akamai because the things I described are all the things that we're really good at and the market leaders at. And so I would say, long-term view, very bullish about Akamai.
It's not a major product shift for us obviously in go-to-market now. We're changing how we do that because we're not traveling. So the go-to-market motions are all virtual and digital now, and we have gotten off to a great start there. I don't know how many of you came to our virtual edge live event, but tremendous attendance there and really good feedback. And so how we approach customers, how we talk to them physically is changing. And that's fine. We're in good shape there. 
In terms of the security bookings, yes, for the enterprise security products, very substantial increase year-over-year in Q1, and that seems to be continuing into Q2. So that is good news. Now it takes a while for that to turn into revenue, of course. But that's a very positive development.
And I do think that again in the long term with more employees working from home and already the need to stop data breaches and protect enterprise applications and data, there is a bright future for our zero trust enterprise security products.

Yes. Good question. I would say the security growth remains very strong. It's been in the high 20s for some time, and we saw that in Q1 as well. And that's going into COVID, I think the pandemic, as we talked about, the rate of attacks has increased as bad as that is during the pandemic as the attackers try to take advantage of it, I would say. Now the new services like page integrity and Secure Web Gateway and enterprise security and the increased bookings around enterprise security, those are things that will drive revenue in the future. So there's some time between bookings and growth. I would say that the pandemic and the stuff that's happening there helps zero trust because -- in our enterprise security because there's even more need for it. And in some cases, it's an urgent need. Whereas before, there was a -- I think it was in early days of a trend towards moving to zero trust. So there's an accelerant because of the pandemic. I don't think the pandemic yet you've seen any change in revenue because of it in the same way you would for traffic. Traffic, you monetize that immediately. As soon as you're delivering more, you get the revenue for it. With security products, that more is the bookings and the recurring revenue that's generated as customers buying new services or increase the services they have. And so there, I think there is benefit in the future, but we haven't experienced that yet in the same way we have with traffic.

Yes. We're pretty happy with where that is now with pretty much everything you mentioned, the people, the process, the execution. As you could imagine, this is a difficult time to go out and get bookings. You can't physically meet with your account. The buyers out there, the IT folks are just swamped with adjusting to the new reality. And yet, we had a great bookings quarter, better than expectation on our enterprise security products, much big improvement over last year. And that's -- we're starting off the second quarter very well. So I think that's an area where we're very happy. You don't see that in generating revenue today, but that will certainly help us going forward.

Yes. I'll take the first and Ed will probably take the second. As Ed talked about, I think barring some kind of deep and long-lasting recession that wipes out major customers and a lot of them or just totally wipes out consumer buying, which, of course, hurts the commerce vertical, I think we're in good position. We have a really diverse customer base. Our largest vertical is media, which is cranking and actually benefiting in many ways from the new reality of what's the pandemic has caused. Our customer base tends to be the biggest names in the business. And generally speaking, they're the ones that are going to thrive the best even if the global recession deepens and is lengthy. And it's just that I think no one really knows what the future holds with the global recession. And if it really is deep at the end of the year and it's going to persist into 2021, that could put our commerce customers and companies pretty much everywhere under pressure. And it's hard to really know what the impact of that could be. And that impacts the potential downside of any guidance we can give. 
And on the other side, we've got, as you know, substantial upsides in the media business and in security, above where we were thinking. And as Ed talked about, just -- we want to be careful that we don't know for sure that just persists and grows from there all year long. And as Ed talked about in June, he even -- we put in a dampening there in June on that. And so that's really what's going on in our thinking that there's the potential for large upside and the potential for downside that are hard for us to really quantify. And it's beyond our control at this point. I would say at a high level, business is very strong as you can tell with the strong Q1 and I think a strong guide, albeit with a wider range in Q2. And Ed, do you want to talk about pricing with increased traffic?