Thanks, Tom, and thank you all for joining us today. Akamai delivered excellent results in the first quarter with revenue, margins and earnings all coming in above expectation.
Revenue was $707 million, up 6% over Q1 of 2018 and up 8% in constant currency. Q1 non-GAAP EPS was $1.10 per diluted share, up 39% year-over-year and up 42% in constant currency. The revenue overachievement was driven by the continued rapid growth of our Cloud Security business and very strong traffic growth from our media customers. Our earnings also benefited from a lower tax rate and our continued focus on operational excellence. Our EBITDA margin in Q1 was 42%, up 4 points over Q1 of last year. And our non-GAAP operating margin expanded to 30%, up 2% -- 2 points from the prior quarter and up 5 points over Q1 of 2018.
We were very pleased to see our margins improve for the sixth consecutive quarter. As you can clearly see from our strong financial results, we've made excellent progress towards our goal of achieving non-GAAP operating margins of 30% in 2020 while also continuing to invest in innovation, new products and acquisitions to drive our future growth.
Our Security portfolio continued to be the fastest growing part of our business in Q1, achieving revenue of $190 million, up 29% year-over-year in constant currency. And Bot Manager continued to be our fastest-selling new product in recent memory with nearly 400 customers now under contract.
Bot Manager uses sophisticated AI and machine learning to distinguish between human neuromuscular signatures and machine-generated requests. This technology is especially effective in forwarding bots that try to take over end user accounts and commit fraud across a range of consumer-facing applications such as apparel sales, event ticket sales, travel reservations and gaming and streaming services.
Our success in the cybersecurity space was widely recognized in Q1 when we were named as the winner of 9 industry awards. For example, our flagship Kona Site Defender service won the award for Best Web Application Solution at the recent RSA Conference. And a well-known security buyer's guide announced that they will honor our new Enterprise Application Access service as the best enterprise secure access solution and the best security solution for retail at their upcoming awards event in June.
While it's gratifying to receive such accolades, we do not intend to slow down or rest on our laurels. In January, we closed our acquisition of Janrain, a market leader in the customer and identity access management space. Using their technology, we've created the Akamai Identity Cloud, a new service which is designed to help customers stop credential abuse and account fraud, manage and protect consumer data and comply with regional data regulations.
Last quarter, we also announced our new joint venture with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group of Japan. The joint venture is called GO-NET, which stands for Global Open Network. GO-NET will offer a new blockchain-based online payment platform that's designed to enable next-generation digital financial transactions to be scalable, fast, efficient and secure. We expect that GO-NET services will become available in Japan next year.
And earlier this month, we announced our expanded partnership with Microsoft Azure. By combining the power of Azure with the vast reach of the Akamai Edge, we plan to help content providers maximize performance and scale, mitigate cost and realize the benefits of the cloud to deliver the best possible online experiences. We believe that this partnership demonstrates the essential role that our Edge platform plays in the evolving hybrid cloud ecosystem.
We were also very pleased with the strong performance of our Media business in Q1. Traffic growth is expected for both OTT traffic and software downloads with several records set for volume. And we continue to grow traffic faster than the Internet as a whole in Q1, which means that we continue to gain share. We believe that our Edge platform's ability to deliver superior performance at scale and when it counts most is a key reason why so many of the world's major media companies rely on Akamai for their content delivery.
In summary, we're very pleased with our results in Q1 and the strong momentum that we've established heading into 2019. It's very good to see our strong revenue growth in security, the strong traffic growth in our CDN business, the continued improvement in our operating margins and over 40% growth in non-GAAP EPS for the third quarter in a row. We also continue to bring innovative new technology to market and to receive awards and recognition for our product leadership.
And we managed to do all these while keeping Akamai a great place to work. In fact just this month, Akamai was named 1 of 50 Great Places to Work in Washington, D.C., 1 of the 3 best places to work in Poland where we have over 600 employees and one of America's best midsize employers. Our highly talented and motivated workforce is a key differentiator for Akamai and one reason why we're off to such a great start in 2019.
Now I'll turn the call over to Ed to review our Q1 results and provide guidance for the year ahead. Ed?

And on the security side, we're really excited about the potential for our Security business. Growing at 29% was a little bit higher than we forecasted in guidance for our Q1. Now, remember that the Nominum acquisition has now experienced its full year-over-year wraparound. And so it will be a little bit smaller now than they were before, but 29% is great.
In terms of Janrain, as Ed mentioned, it was a small amount in Q1, about $4 million. Now the nice thing about Janrain is that it has a long runway. I've talked to a lot of customers since the acquisition. They are very excited about the technology to manage customer logins, to do that in a safe way so they don't lose customer data. There's a lot of regional laws being passed around the world and they got to comply with those laws and we can help them do that with Janrain. We can help support user opt-in in terms of how the data is used. So a lot of runway to go with Janrain, very exciting.
And of course, you have our Enterprise security solutions, which I briefly mentioned in terms of winning awards in Q1. And they, again, are very small revenue today, but a tremendous runway with our zero trust architecture. A lot of excitement around that for the future. So we're optimistic we can keep growing our Security business at a very rapid clip well into the foreseeable future.

Yes. We're always going to use this equipment. The worst that happens, we don't see a lot of the upside on revenue, but we'll be using that equipment a quarter or 2 later.

Yes. I think it's a very good relationship for Akamai and Azure and especially for our customers. We'll be going to market together with a much better approach starting with big media companies to distribute their streaming and video assets. It's a coupling of the technology layer, which results in better performance. There's economic benefits to our customers to take advantage of it. You don't have a very large cost associated with getting content off of the storage, off of Azure on to Akamai CDN that you would have with other large cloud providers or CDNs. That's a very big cost that people don't talk about, but really impacts our customer base. And so not only will they get better performance through this partnership, but they're going to get lower cost at the same time. And of course, adding Akamai's scale and Edge platform, which is close to all the end users and the video players, you greatly enhance the scale of the solution for big media companies. So I think it's really exciting for our customer base and it's great to have such a cooperative relationship that I think will be good for Akamai and Azure.

Yes. The churn was again very low in Q1 and very -- we're talking low single digits, so great work there. And of course, that helps the growth of the business. And we're very optimistic about the growth of our Cloud Security business. We forecasted mid-20s and we did better than that in Q1. And you look at the potential for our Akamai Identity Cloud, which is powered by Janrain and organically developed Akamai capabilities, and you look at our zero trust solution with our Enterprise security capabilities, and there's a lot of potential for future growth there.

Yes. As you know, there's dozens of small CDNs out there, literally dozens. And you mentioned Fastly. We see them some in the market. They're not among the leading CDN competitors that we're battling day-to-day out there in the market and have been for a long, long time. The folks we've seen most out there are the ones that have been doing it 10 or 15 years. And they -- they're the ones that we would most often see in the market.
Pricing. It's always competitive out there and there's no change with that. And that's where we got a big advantage. We're highly profitable. We put a lot of effort into driving efficiency. And that's not just at the operational level, but the technical level. We can drive a tremendous amount of traffic out of our -- each dollar of CPU, each dollar for power and square foot of colo, and that gives us a huge advantage. When a customer needs a price point, we can go in there and offer that price point and stay very profitable whereas the competitors that you're talking about are losing a lot of money. And when you're tiny, you can get away with that for a little while, but it really is hard to scale and eventually you hit a wall that you just can't keep doing that. And that's why a lot of the little CDNs have really struggled to get a size of several $100 million in revenue. When they're really small, you can pretty much make anything happen, but it becomes hard to grow the company.
And also with our profit and the amount of money we're generating, we plow that back into development of new innovative technology, acquisitions of other companies that provide capabilities that our customers want. You see that in the context of the Security business and Ed talked about Protect & Perform. So when we go compete against a lot of the other CDNs out there, we're in a great position with Protect & Perform and all the other capabilities we have and the other CDNs just can't stack up to that. So when they're small, it's easy to show a little bit of growth, but hard to scale that. And at the end of the day, our major Enterprise customers want to see a company they can rely on over the long haul.

Digital Performance Management.

Also, as we package performance and delivery in Protect & Perform packages, it does make it harder to allocate the revenue, which is why that we report the divisions overall. Obviously, in the Web Division, it's Performance and Security, products-dominated. Media is dominated by delivery and OTT, has some security sales, but dominated by the delivery of products because it's just hard when a customer buys the package, Protect & Perform, to allocate the revenue. So the CDN probably is doing a little bit better than you might think, but generally flattish to low single digits I think is a fair estimate there.

And security is -- the bulk of that is subscription. There are examples, I guess, with very large customers that can have a traffic component, but most or all of that is subscription and probably will become increasingly so. So you can think of security as a subscription business.

And in terms of our Enterprise security offerings led by Enterprise Application Access and the zero trust architecture, we're having a lot of positive response to the architectural approach. I'd say it's early days. Good growth, revenue doubled year-over-year in Q1. And we're very optimistic about the future. Now, it's still early days. It will take time for traditional enterprises to migrate to the cloud-based security model and migrate from a network layer authentication and security model, which has been the tradition now for a long time, to an application layer authentication and security model that's in the cloud. But very good discussions with customers. They're very interested. The analyst community is very supportive. And we're seeing very strong revenue growth, but early days and still relatively small amounts of revenue. But as we look to the future, we think it's an important source of growth for us.

Yes. Obviously, we've been very happy with the Prolexic acquisition. I think it really did help accelerating the growth of our organically developed Security business. And we've made several acquisitions since then in the security space that we've been happy with and continue to look for potential acquisition. I don't think we need to buy something in a very large scale to be successful in enterprise security, but it's an area we're looking closely at. And of course, we've got to be cognizant of price points there. There's some pretty high valuations in the enterprise security space, but it is an area that we continue to look at. 
And in terms of where we are in the operational improvement initiatives, it's something that we continue to work. We are very happy to see that we hit 30% in Q1. It's something that we're working on through the year and into next year. We have gotten benefit from our consulting engagement. That's largely completed. But we are always focused on operational efficiencies and are investing in making our services be more efficient and how we allocate headcount and OpEx to focus that on the areas of greatest growth for the company.

Well, obviously, we have to see how fast the Janrain revenue accelerates our Akamai Identity Cloud offer. We have to see how fast the adoption takes place for our zero trust architecture. These are things that are hard to forecast exactly. They're very early stage and relatively small numbers today. But if those were to take off faster than we expect, that would help. Bot Manager, as I mentioned, has been extremely successful in the marketplace now. It's about 400 customers. We expect that to continue to ramp during the year. And if it ramps faster, that can be helpful. Ed, do you have anything else to add?

Yes. So we have the ability for our customers to run applications on our Edge platform. We're increasing the investment there. Also, this plays into our IoT Edge Connect platform where you can have really tens and hundreds of millions of devices maintain always-on connections to the platform. Often, they'll speak non-web protocols. And so we'll be supporting the ability to run logic for metadata, for command and control so that these devices can be monitored and you can have a learning based on it.
Basically, you want to think of Akamai as providing the kind of compute that you need to manage applications in user devices on our Edge platform, both for web application, but also IoT kinds of applications. What you won't see us do is a generic kind of thing with just CPU for any purpose at all. So you won't see us do like an EC2 kind of a platform. It really needs to be material to our customer's businesses in managing applications and IoT devices. That's the sweet spot for us. And you'll see that kind of capability on our Edge platform.

Yes. I don't think we've learned anything in particular there. As we talk about, we work closely with pretty much all of the major gaming companies. I think people have been talking about running games -- the CPU for the games in the cloud data centers for a long time. It's always a question about how much financial sense that makes. We work with pretty much all the major gaming companies. I think managing the metadata associated with the consoles and the devices that are playing games make sense for us. We can do that through our IoT Edge Connect platform, but I don't know that there's going to be a lot of the streaming for the individual game necessarily coming from the cloud. And people have been talking about that now. Our customers, we've been talking about that for probably over a decade.

Well, obviously if you're playing a multiplayer game, latency makes a big difference. And so you need to be doing the stream close to the end user. That would be the only technical constraint. There are economic considerations. If you're -- if it's a high-quality game, you now have a stream for an individual user where the CPU or the user has to purchase but sitting in the cloud. And the experiences we've had talking to the major folks doing that over the last decade, when they try to think about doing it at scale, the economics don't look so good. There's been some desire to do it. So in certain countries, maybe you don't have faster the game. Maybe the game works on multiple devices, you don't have the players. There's reasons you'd want to do it, but I haven't seen it -- I've seen people talk about it for a long time. We can certainly handle the low latency aspect, but it's been more of the economics around that in terms of will that really take off at scale.