Thanks, Tom, and thank you all for joining us today. Today is a very exciting day for Akamai. This afternoon, we announced that we've signed a definitive agreement to acquire Linode. We see this as a tremendous opportunity for Akamai, and we believe that it will be transformational as we expand our business into adjacent markets, become even more strategic for our customers and accelerate our growth and evolution as a company. We'll talk more about Linode in a few minutes. But first, I'd like to review some of the highlights from a very strong Q4 and 2021.
Turning to Slide 5. Q4 revenue was $905 million, up 7% year-over-year. Our revenue growth was driven by the continued strong demand for our security products as well as our fast-growing edge applications business. Non-GAAP operating margin in Q4 was 31%, up 1 point over Q4 in 2020. Q4 non-GAAP EPS was $1.49 per diluted share, up 12% year-over-year. For the full year, revenue was $3.46 billion, up 8% over 2020. We expanded non-GAAP operating margin to 32% last year, and we achieved this result while investing for future growth. Non-GAAP EPS last year was $5.74, up 10% over 2020.
2021 was also a very strong year for cash generation at Akamai. We generated $859 million in free cash flow last year, an increase of 78% over 2020. I think it's important to note that our excellent cash generation has allowed us to make strategic acquisitions like Guardicore in Q4 and now Linode to fuel our future growth, while also returning capital to shareholders. In Q4, we spent $271 million to buy back just over 2.4 million shares of stock. Over the course of the full year, we spent $522 million to buy back approximately 4.7 million shares.
Our primary use of cash is for M&A and offsetting the dilution from our equity compensation programs. Over the past 10 years, Akamai has also engaged in opportunistic buybacks that have resulted in a reduction of our fully diluted share count by about 12%.
Last quarter, security products continued their rapid growth, generating revenue of $365 million, up 23% year-over-year. For the full year, security revenue reached $1.33 billion and grew 26% over 2020. Security represented 39% of our revenue last year, up from 33% in 2020. In recent years, Akamai has built one of the world's leading cloud security businesses. Our security solutions are highly differentiated and recognized as best-in-class by our customers, who rely on Akamai to protect their most important digital assets from very determined and highly capable attackers. 
Results in Q4 were especially strong for our Bot Manager solution, which helps to defend against a wide range of automated attacks. Our new Account Protector solution, which provides account takeover protection, also performed very well in Q4 in only its second quarter of availability. Our web app firewall offerings also posted excellent results in Q4. And Akamai was recognized as a leader in Gartner's 2021 Magic Quadrant for web application and API protection, scoring the highest of 11 vendors in ability to execute.
In October, we acquired Guardicore to extend our Zero Trust solutions to help stop the spread of ransomware. As a part of Akamai, Guardicore has continued its strong growth momentum and closed major deals last quarter at one of the largest freight railways in the U.S. and at one of the largest telecommunication companies in South America. We're very excited about the value that Guardicore's micro-segmentation capabilities bring to our customers. And as Ed will talk about shortly, we now believe that Guardicore will drive significantly more revenue this year than we'd initially forecast when we announced the transaction last fall.
Our CDN business generated revenue of $541 million in Q4, down 2% from Q4 in 2020. Traffic on our platform continued to be strong in Q4, peaking at over 200 terabits per second. Our edge application solutions had a great Q4, exiting the year with an annualized revenue run rate of more than $200 million and growing 30% for the full year. Our Akamai EdgeWorkers solution was adopted by a top sporting equipment company, a global business travel service and one of the largest banks in the U.S. 
Overall, we're very pleased with our performance last year on both the top and bottom lines. We achieved our goals in 2021 and then some. And I want to thank our employees for delivering such strong results as they continued to cope with the challenges of the pandemic.
I'll now move on to Slide 6. As many of you know, Akamai's mission is to power and protect life online. And our purpose in doing that is to make life better for billions of people, billions of times a day. Akamai has been doing this for more than 20 years, enabled in part by a series of market-defining innovations, starting with the invention of content delivery networks in the late 1990s. 
As you can see on the next slide, #7, we follow this breakthrough in Internet technology with fundamental advances in video streaming, application acceleration and web security. In each of these areas, Akamai was a major pioneer in enabling new capabilities. And in each of these areas, we're still the market leader today by far. Throughout the past 20 years, we've also been a pioneer and a leader in edge computing, beginning with the invention of Edge Side Includes in the early 2000s, a technology that's still used by thousands of our customers today. 
And now turning to Slide 8. We're taking the next major step in our evolution by creating the world's most distributed compute platform from cloud to edge, making it easier for developers and businesses to build, run and secure their applications online. As you can see in this afternoon's press release, we've entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Linode, the privately held company that makes cloud computing simple, affordable and accessible. 
Linode is known for its developer-friendly services, the quality of their support and as a trusted Infrastructure-as-a-Service platform provider. By combining Linode's developer-centric cloud advantages with Akamai's deep enterprise strengths, we believe that we can provide tremendous value to developers and enterprises as they build cloud applications on Akamai. We see plenty of opportunity for a differentiated offering among customers who desire ease of use, wider reach beyond just a few POPs, lower latency, stronger security and greater resiliency, all from a single platform and all at an affordable price point.
Akamai's highly distributed edge platform has the global reach to enable any cloud application to deliver the best end-user experience anywhere that users or services consume apps, from the cloud to the edge, where more compute services will live as 5G and IoT take hold and expand. The Akamai platform is uniquely suited for workloads that require high throughput, low latency and instant scalability on demand. Akamai has been perfecting this capability for many years, and it's very hard to do. 
Akamai also has the capabilities needed to integrate seamlessly with both DIY cloud apps and third-party cloud vendors as part of the larger cloud ecosystem. We believe that this flexibility will appeal to enterprises that want a multi-vendor cloud strategy to mitigate their vendor concentration risk and to ensure resiliency and seamless availability in case one vendor service experiences an outage. And with Akamai's category-leading security solutions, customers will be able to secure their apps from their point of origin to the edge, all under Akamai's protective umbrella.
Security delivered at the edge offers unique advantages since it enables customers to manage security policies across all their apps and infrastructure wherever they're located. We believe that such an end-to-end security approach will appeal to customers who want increased efficiency and greater resiliency along with lower security risk. 
The net of all this is that we believe that Akamai and Linode can solve customers' needs in ways that are not addressed in the market today, forming a powerful winning combination that will enable customers to build, deliver and secure their apps on the platform that powers and protects life online. 
Moving to Slide 9. We see the acquisition of Linode as a transformational opportunity for Akamai. This slide shows the way that we presented our business at our Investor Day last year. With Linode, Akamai will expand beyond security and delivery into the world's most distributed cloud services provider with leading solutions for security, delivery and compute, as shown here on Slide 10. 
We'll offer customers a breadth and depth of services uncommon in the cloud space today, a massive content delivery platform, the best application performance, easy-to-use cloud and edge compute and category-leading security solutions, all backed by expert services and support professionals to help power and protect life online.
Given that we're announcing this acquisition at the same time as our earnings, I thought it would be helpful to have Adam Karon join us on the call today to talk more about Linode. Adam is our COO, and he's responsible for running our compute and delivery businesses. Later this year, we'll also plan to hold an Investor Day, when you'll be able to hear from Mani Sundaram, who leads our security business, as well as from other Akamai executives. 
After Adam speaks, Ed will cover the financial aspects of the acquisition and provide our outlook for 2022. Adam?

Thanks, Ed. I'll wrap up now on Slide 28. As I mentioned earlier, Akamai has had a rich and exciting history of innovation that has fundamentally enabled the Internet to provide enormous benefit to billions of people around the world. We are truly making life better for billions of people, billions of times a day. 
As incredible as Akamai's contributions to the Internet have been, I want you to know that I couldn't be more excited about Akamai's potential for the future as we expand our business with Linode and Guardicore, provide even greater value for our customers and shareholders and make life even better for Internet users everywhere. 
Ed, Adam and I will now be happy to take your questions.

Yes. By owning Linode, we can really scale up that business. We have a lot of expertise in network deployment and doing that in a cost-effective way to get enormous scale. Also, we've got a large enterprise sales force and a customer base that is hungry for us to bring them this kind of capability.
We know how to make large-scale systems be reliable and perform well. And we can bring it all together as part of an end-to-end solution so that our customers can take their major applications, build them easily on Akamai, and that's where Linode comes in, run them. Of course, we have the world's largest and best content delivery platform to deliver it, and then wrap it all together under our security umbrella to make sure it stays secure. 
And so that's a compelling reason for us to make the acquisition here and provide the end-to-end service versus just partnering with the various cloud providers. Ed, do you want to take the margin question?

Yes. Good questions. Obviously, we've done 2 large deals, the largest deals we've done in about 20 years over the last several months. I wouldn't expect to see us continue at that rate, certainly. We probably will do more tech tuck-ins and smaller acquisitions.
In terms of the buyback, our primary use of cash is for M&A and to buy back equity to offset the dilution from compensation programs. Now as I mentioned, that said, we do also opportunistically buy back additional stock. And if you look over the last 10 years, it's averaged a little more than 1% a year. And so I think our general approach to use of capital is not changing here. Just we saw 2 exceptional opportunities, first with Guardicore and now with Linode. 
Guardicore really is a huge boost to our enterprise security business, Zero Trust capabilities. We believe they have the best solution to stop the impact of ransomware. And that's a huge, huge deal. And you see that in the improved guidance we've given. And just we closed the deal a few months ago, and we're looking at this year then of doing $30 million to $35 million and now, as you heard from Ed, substantially more than that. 
And I can tell you from talking to many of our customers, many of the world's major banks, they are very interested in what Guardicore can do, both the visibility it gives customers into their own networks and the ability to mitigate the impacts of ransomware.
Now in terms of the durability of revenue growth from Linode, in the past, they were doing 15%. I think Ed and Adam talked about, we think we can do a lot more than that. Just consider that Linode doesn't really have a sales force, never mind a sales force like Akamai has going after major enterprises. And you combine that with the fact that our major enterprise customers have wanted us to have this capability for them. 
So we think we can really accelerate their growth and that it could well be that the 30% is sustainable. So we're certainly going to try to do that. And if we're successful there, you can see Akamai as a whole back in double-digit revenue growth on a more sustainable basis, and that's certainly our goal.

I'll start with that and then hand it over to Ed. We're very pleased to see our security business grow 25% in constant currency. You talk about SASE, and that is a very small portion of our business today. In fact, SASE technically wouldn't even include micro-segmentation. I would imagine that's going to change in the near future because it's so important and it's going to become a requirement, I believe, for many of the world's major enterprises, certainly in the financial vertical.
So the SASE framework is a small amount of Akamai revenue. And with Guardicore growing rapidly, the vast majority of our security revenue is in the web security area, where we're protecting, think of it as B2C apps, from denial of service, from content corruption, from account staffed, from data exfiltration, those kinds of attacks, which technically isn't part of the SASE framework. 
And so what you would think of is maybe more towards a SASE. We're getting very good growth on a small number. And of course, the lion's share of our security business is in the web security, API protection, where with market leaders and growing at a very fast clip on a good size number for us.
And Ed, maybe you want to take the rest of the question.

I'll hand this over to Adam in just a minute, but we're interested in the developer base for sure because our large enterprise customers, their apps are built and, in many cases, managed by the developers. So we really care about a developer-friendly solution. But we are going to take this to our large enterprise customers. And Adam has a robust road map of added capabilities. And Adam, why don't you talk a little bit about that?

And I just would add, our customers have been pretty explicit with us that they are very interested in us having this capability and putting it together with the world's best content delivery capabilities, the world's best application performance and the world's best security solutions to provide an end-to-end solution. 
So I think you will not see this be a situation where they migrate from, say, a Linode to a hyperscaler. But our customers are interested in alternatives and end-to-end solutions that -- maybe there are some functions on hyperscalers today that I think would migrate to Akamai's new cloud platform. We'll be the world's most distributed cloud platform with now market-leading solutions in not just delivery and security, but also compute.

I'll take the first question. Ed will take the second. Yes, we certainly can cross-sell into the Linode base. That's not our primary objective here. The primary objective is to take Linode and really scale that up and sell it into the large enterprise base. I think that's far more lucrative for us than taking our existing solutions and selling into the large number of small customers. And the focus will be moving Linode's capabilities into our platform and having a comprehensive solution for large enterprise customers. And Ed, you want to take the next one?

Well, the traffic measured by bytes delivered is 95-plus percent big media and software downloads, gaming downloads. That's the vast majority of the traffic. That won't change with Linode. In fact, I would expect we'd be selling compute services to those same big media customers. In fact, several of them have expressed interest in that capability. So Linode won't change our traffic mix. And when we get together at IR Day, we'll do the deep dive in each of these categories to get a better feel of how the revenue is breaking down.

I'll start with that and then turn it over to Adam. You want to think of Akamai's platform as hierarchical. There's a core where functions such as storage would live, where there's dozens of locations for archive storage, migrating out all the way to the edge, where there's 4,000 POPs, where most of our capabilities live today. 
Something else that's closer to the core in dozens of locations would be the Prolexic service. But things like delivering video, delivering software, accelerating your bank statement and most all the security other than Prolexic all live on the very edge out in 4,000 locations.
EdgeWorkers lives out there too. EdgeKV lives out there. And Linode starts in the core in 11 locations, and we'll be expanding that quite a bit, and it will all be integrated together as part of one hierarchical platform. And then maybe, Adam, you could get a little bit deeper into that in terms of the software stack and so forth.

Adam, why don't you take that one?

Think of Akamai as providing Internet connectivity to enterprises. That's not our business. We -- that's our partners' business. Now we do provide clean access so that an enterprise can sort of hide behind Akamai. And only Akamai can come through so that they maintain safety and security for their data centers. So we do that, but we're not -- we don't provide base connectivity. That would be our partners, which would be the carriers.

Yes. When you think of scale, there's a couple of ways to do it. One is just how many servers do you have? Obviously, we have a lot. But the way we think about scale is more in terms of being distributed. And none of the hyperscalers come anywhere close to us in terms of being in 4,000 POPs and having a real edge network.
Now what we haven't had before is the managed VM, managed container services. And our customers have asked for that. That's been the one missing piece on our platform. Because customers for many of their apps would like to take the entire app, build it on Akamai run it on Akamai, deliver it through us, where they know they get fabulous performance, instant scalability, where it becomes relevant to do so to have the edge computing really done on the edge and then to have it all be secure so that we can provide the end-to-end service. And so that's why we're doing this.
And in some cases, there may be some -- of course, we've been competing with the hyperscalers for 15 years, and I think that will continue. And I think the hyperscalers themselves, several of them are our largest customers. And several of them are already using us for our compute capabilities, and I expect that to increase with the acquisition of Linode. 
And so it's an environment where we compete, of course, have and for many years and successfully. And what we do, we do really well. And that will be taking an application, making it easy to build and deploy on Akamai and then to have the world's best performance, scalability, global reach and security. And that's where Akamai excels. And that's the goal in making this acquisition is really to complete that story to be able to have the end-to-end capability to handle their applications.

I think both. There's things that we do today at a level that the hyperscalers don't do. I mean they have competing services, but in many cases, the hyperscalers use us and use our services for their own properties even though we compete with them. 
I do expect us to be partnering with, well, certainly many of the world's major carriers and white labeling our services. Of course, the carriers are major channel partners with us today, and I think that will increase through the acquisition of Linode because they've had an interest in being able to offer that kind of capability, and now it comes hand-in-hand with, well, the whole solution all put together.

Well, obviously, ransomware is a big problem. And we believe that Guardicore has the best solution. It is easier to use than competing solutions, and micro-segmentation has a reputation for being really hard to implement and inflexible. It gives you great visibility in terms of what's going on in your network. Customers have really appreciated that. It's really important with security. 
And they have a solution that works with legacy systems that the competition doesn't have. They have built their own custom firewall. And the competing services will have to rely on the existing firewalls and whatever operating systems being used by a particular application and, in some cases, doesn't even exist and so they can't cover it.
So it's the best solution and to a big problem that's rapidly growing. And so we've seen very strong interest in our customer base. And of course, we have a very large enterprise sales force that now can bring Guardicore into the large banks and the large enterprises, and the initial reception has been very strong. So yes, I'm very excited by their performance this year, and I'm looking forward to substantial growth in the future.

Adam, why don't you take that one?