Thanks, Tom, and thank you all for joining us today.  
I'm pleased to report that Akamai delivered excellent results in the first quarter. Q1 revenue was $843 million, up 10% year-over-year and up 8% in constant currency. This strong result was driven by the continued rapid growth of our security business, accelerated growth in our edge applications business and continued high-traffic levels on our intelligent edge platform. Non-GAAP operating margin in Q1 was 31% and Q1 non-GAAP EPS was $1.38 per diluted share, up 15% year-over-year and up 11% in constant currency. With a strong start to 2021, we're proud that Akamai has continued to enable and to protect remote work, home schooling, e-commerce and online entertainment for billions of people around the world amidst very challenging circumstances.  
Our security solutions portfolio performed especially well in Q1, generating revenue of $310 million, up 29% year-over-year and up 27% in constant currency. The very strong growth was experienced across most of our security products, including our new Page Integrity Manager solution. Page Integrity Manager helps enterprises defend against malware and third-party software and applications. Customers that adopted Page Integrity Manager in Q1 included Maersk, the world's largest container shipping operator; and Groupon, the global e-commerce marketplace.  
Maersk uses more than 4,000 scripts, half of which are third-party scripts to drive millions of dollars of online business every hour. Managing this complex and dynamic environment had become an increasingly difficult security challenge for Maersk and so they now use Page Integrity Manager to improve visibility into security threats and to prevent the loss of critical data.  
Our Bot Manager solution also continued to perform very well in Q1. Bot Manager is designed to mitigate a wide variety of automated attacks, including account stuffing attacks where credentials stolen from one website are checked for validity at thousands of other websites. When valid credentials are found, a manual attack is then often used to extract value from the compromised accounts. Losses from account takeovers and new account fraud are estimated at over $10 billion annually in the U.S. In order to forge such manual attacks, we launched the beta for our new account protector solution in Q1. Account protector shields organizations from account takeover and other kinds of fraudulent human activity without increasing friction for legitimate customers. Account protector works by detecting in real-time whether a user logging into an application is the legitimate account owner or an impostor in possession of stolen credentials.  
One of our beta customers for this new solution is a well-known restaurant franchise. It was under attacked by cyber criminals who were compromising the loyalty accounts of their diners. The criminals were stealing loyalty reward points and then reselling them on the dark web. The digital theft outraged the diners whose points were stolen and angered restaurant owners who unknowingly provided meals to fraudsters. With help from Akamai, the franchise can now identify the situations where humans are impersonating valid diners and take action to stop the illicit transfer of loyalty points, thereby stopping the fraud and enabling the franchise to focus on accelerating sales.  
We're also excited about the success of Akamai's fastest-growing security segment, Access Control, which reached an annualized revenue run rate of $100 million in Q1, up more than 170% over Q1 of 2020 and up over 60% organically. Our Access Control segment provides secure connectivity for users, applications, workloads and IoT systems, regardless of their location. Products in this area include Enterprise Application Access, Enterprise Threat Protector and our new secure mobile and secure IoT solutions that we acquired from Asavie in October. Our secure mobile and secure IoT products provide security, visibility and control for mobile devices at the edge. These services deter malicious activity and support acceptable use policies without needing to install a client on the device. The solutions are sold to our carrier partners such as AT&T, where it forms the basis for their AccessMyLAN solution. These capabilities have been especially important in helping school districts secure student devices during the pandemic, so that students can learn from home safely.  
Our security solutions also continued to gain recognition from the leading analyst firms in Q1. Our market-leading web application firewall capabilities earned Gartner Peer Insights Customers' Choice distinction. And Forrester named Akamai as a leader in DDoS protection for the third time, saying large enterprise clients that want an experienced trusted vendor to make their DDoS problem go away should look to Akamai.  
Turning to our CDN portfolio. Q1 marked another quarter of very strong traffic growth for Akamai, led by OTT video services and downloads of e-gaming software. On March 16, traffic on the Akamai platform reached an all-time high of 200 terabits per second. This is 19% higher than the peak in Q1 of last year and 2.5x the traffic peak in Q1 of 2019. Daily peaks were also high in Q1, averaging 143 terabits per second. In fact, traffic on our platform exceeded 110 terabits per second, pretty much around the clock in Q1. Overall, our CDN products and services generated revenue of $532 million in Q1, up 2% year-over-year and flat in constant currency.  
The Edge Application segment generated $45 million in revenue last quarter, up more than 30% over Q1 of 2020. As you may recall from the discussion at our Investor Summit in February, this revenue amount includes edge computing solutions, such as EdgeWorkers, that we build discreetly, but does not include the wide array of services that use our computing capabilities at the edge. As we discussed during our recent Investor Summit, we believe that there is the potential for substantial future growth in the area of edge computing, as we anticipate more enterprises moving their compute workloads to our edge platform for offload, improved performance, security and global scale. 
A timely example of such a shift is manifested in our new Vaccine Edge solution, which is enabling over 2 dozen public health agencies and pharmacy chains around the world to deliver and secure COVID vaccine registration sites in the face of extraordinary flash crowds. In multiple instances, Akamai was called in to rescue government agencies whose websites had crashed under load, resulting in frustrated citizens who waited for long times before getting kicked out without a reservation. In some cases, these websites have been using solutions provided by competitors that were not able to handle the load.  
We're pleased to partner on Vaccine Edge with salesforce.com, and we're proud that our EdgeWorkers solution has made a real difference to the many millions of citizens trying to get the vaccine as quickly as possible.  
Our customers are now using EdgeWorkers for a wide range of applications. For example, a leading theme park operator is using EdgeWorkers to help manage demand as they plan to reopen parks. A publicly traded sports and entertainment company has implemented geofencing using our EdgeKV data store, together with EdgeWorkers, to ensure that users access only relevant broadcast content for their location. A nationwide home improvement retailer and a global credit card company are using A/B testing logic at the edge to deliver fast and personalized user experiences. We're enabling DevOps workflows for our global sportswear brand by managing canary releases, where only a targeted group of users can see a new experience. And we're enabling a leading global manufacturer of devices to authenticate their users at the edge, which improves performance and reduces their cloud costs.  
We're also proud of the progress that we're making with our sustainability efforts. In the past year, we doubled our platform capacity with no increase at all in our platform's carbon footprint. And just 2 weeks ago, on Earth Day, we announced that by 2030, Akamai intends to power 100% of our global operations with renewable energy, improve the energy efficiency of our platform by an additional 50%, mitigate 100% of our platform emissions and continue to recycle 100% of our electronic waste. These goals reflect Akamai's commitment to be a responsible, efficient and forward-looking company.  
In summary, we're very excited about the innovative technology that we're developing, the strong demand from customers for our security and edge computing solutions and our Q1 financial performance on both the top and bottom lines. The growth strategy and goals that we outlined to you in our Investor Summit on February 25, set our direction for the future, and we believe that our strong Q1 results show that we've been executing according to plan.  
Now I'll turn the call over to Ed to provide further details on our Q1 results and the outlook for next quarter and 2021. Ed?

Sure. I would say the M&A pipeline is comparable to last year. There's a lot of companies for sale. And the pricing for typical companies in the security area remains very high. And I think, in many cases, unrealistic. So I think overall, the dynamics there are pretty comparable to where they were last year. As you know, Akamai is always looking for opportunities. We're also very disciplined in terms of actually -- what we end up buying. 
In terms of CDN market share, the very large media companies do compare the CDN vendors in terms of their traffic share. And if a vendor is doing better than others, they tend to get more share. And that's why Akamai has such a large share when it comes to delivery of media traffic. And if a vendor has outages or is performing poorly, which we see a fair amount out there among our competition, they can lose share. And so that's a very typical dynamic. Nothing new there. It's been that way for several years. And that's why Akamai put such an effort to have the world's best performance. And it's why we have so much of the traffic.

Yes. We had a very strong start to the year. It's great to see the security business growing at 29%. And as we talked about, it's really across the board. It's not a single product doing well, but just strength everywhere in security. And when you see that kind of performance and we look ahead to the back part of the year, we are confident that we're going to do better than we had thought coming into the year, the -- just great performance. 
There's also a good performance on the CDN side. Happy to see that up 2%. As Ed talked about, you do worry about FX there and what can happen. But on balance, business, very strong and off to a great start. Ed, do you want to add any color to that?

Yes. The Access segment performed very well. As we noted, we're now at $100 million revenue run rate. So it's great to start the year in Q1 there. Very strong growth, over 170% over last year. Now of course, that includes Asavie. If you take that out, organic growth, still over 60% in that segment. So very pleased. And as Ed noted, we're pretty excited about the Asavie acquisition, especially as you get the emergence of 5G and you get IoT applications, but the ability to secure enterprise devices across the board, I think it's very exciting for the future. And we're really in a unique position to do that, and we have great relationships with the carriers. So we think we'll really be able to scale that business to a global basis.

I think it's a good, healthy mix. As you know, we've made several acquisitions, mostly tech tuck-ins, occasionally something a little bit larger. And we do a lot of organic investment in research and development, very active. They're very innovative. Maybe a good example is Page Integrity Manager, which we launched last year and doing really well in the marketplace. And we did -- that was a blend of a tech tuck-in about 7 to 10 employees in the company we acquired and a lot of organic development at the same time, to make a very successful product quickly, bring it to market and very strong adoption in early days.

Yes. Let me take the first question there. And that's a, yes, really good question. The attack landscape is just breathtaking. You think you've seen it all. And then next week, you read the next headline. The -- and the attackers are very powerful. You have nation states, large-scale organized crime, just -- and what they're doing is, well, pretty scary. Now the great news for Akamai and our customers is that we have solutions that can protect enterprises for a large majority of those attacks. 
A great example is the recent exchange server hack, where many thousands of enterprises got hacked, lost their e-mails, which is really bad. Akamai, our IT department was running an exchange server, just like all those other companies. And the difference is, we didn't get hacked because we use our own enterprise security solutions. And we had enterprise application access sitting in front of our exchange server. And that meant that the vulnerability couldn't be exploited, because the employee doesn't just get to go contact the exchange server. If they did, then somebody can come in. And before you're authenticated by the exchange server, you can exploit the vulnerability. 
Instead, they got to get to -- they come to Akamai's Enterprise Application Access product, we authenticate them, and if it's a bad guy outside trying to do something, no way they get in. And not only that, they don't get directly to the exchange server, because they have to pass through our security. So if they're trying to do bad things, we'll stop it. And it's all about our approach to Zero Trust. And yes, we can protect enterprises from these sorts of things. 
And even in zero-day attacks, we didn't know about the exchange hack before other enterprises or Microsoft did, and yet we were protected at zero day because of our solutions. So I think as the attacks increase, that does increase awareness, and that does help drive our security business. And I see no end to the attacks coming. There's more on the way. And we're in a great position to be able to help the leading enterprises stay safe against those attacks.

Yes. It was strong across the board, and we're anticipating that through the rest of this year. And of course, at our Investor Day, we talked about the 3- to 5-year CAGR goals. And as you go back to that material, you'll see it's pretty strong across the board there in terms of our anticipated growth over the longer term.

Yes. And in terms of the edge applications question, you're right, about $45 million in Q1. We don't guide separately on an annual basis for that. You just saw over 30% growth in Q1. And at IR Day, we did talk about the 3- to 5-year CAGR. Goal there is over 30%. And so I -- at a high level, I'd expect to see us continue with very strong growth through the rest of the year in edge applications.

I don't think there's anything to call out there, just really is outstanding quarter across the board. We're very pleased with how the security business is doing.

Thank you.