Thanks, Tom, and thank you all for joining us today. Before I cover our financial results, I'd like to say a few words about the significance of this week in Internet history. 
50 years ago, on October 29, 1969, the first message was transmitted over the Internet. The first message was supposed to be a log-in. But after the letters L and O reached Stanford from UCLA, the Internet crashed due to a memory overflow. It's stunning to think about how far the Internet has come from those humble beginnings, and I'm looking forward to joining the Internet's leading pioneers tomorrow at the Internet50 Conference at UCLA, where we'll celebrate 50 years of amazing innovation, and I'll lead a discussion on the future of Internet security and privacy. 
This week also marks the 20th anniversary of Akamai's IPO on October 29, 1999. Like the Internet, Akamai has come a long way since our founding. During the first 10 years of our existence, we essentially created the CDN industry, where we're still the market leader by far. And over the last decade, we pioneered the creation of Edge security services with industry-leading products, such as Kona Site Defender and Bot Manager. 
Our success over the past 20 years has been achieved through very hard work, tremendous innovation and the development of our unique Edge platform with servers in nearly 4,000 locations across 1,000 cities and 137 countries. The breadth of our Edge platform means that we're incredibly close to billions of end users, and being so close means that Akamai is in a unique position to provide the near instant response times, very high-quality video experiences and market-leading security services that our customers are demanding. 
As many of you know, there's been a lot of buzz lately about the importance of being at the Edge. Gartner, Forrester, IDC and other leading analyst firms have all published reports explaining why the Edge is so important for end-user performance and security. This has not gone unnoticed by our competition, who are now trying to play up any connection they can make to the Edge no matter how slender even when their platforms are really located to core data centers. They're now talking about how Edge computing can be used for tasks such as locating nearby resources, supporting A/B testing or enabling real-time streaming. And they're talking about it in a way that suggests that these capabilities are somehow novel. 
Those of you who've been following Akamai for a while know that Akamai is the one company with a true Edge platform and that we've been leading the way when it comes to Edge services for nearly 2 decades. In fact, we launched the world's first suite of Edge services 19 years ago in October of 2000. And 18 years ago, eWEEK featured Akamai for its evolution into "an ambitious provider of Edge computing to large businesses."
To be clear, Edge computing is not new. At least, it's not new for Akamai. We've had thousands of customers using our Edge computing capabilities for well over a decade and not just for locating nearby resources, supporting A/B testing or enabling real time streaming. Akamai customers have long been using our Edge computing capabilities for a wide variety of tasks that are helpful in managing a state-of-the-art web presence. For example, tasks such as API governance, global traffic management and application load balancing, script management, user prioritization and waiting room, URL redirection and rewrites, phased code deployment, access control, field input validation, adaptive image and video optimization, proxy detection, watermarking, token authentication and revocation, content encryption, bot management, web app firewall, and more recently, IoT message broker and compute services and blockchain ledger updates. All of these capabilities and more are enabled through our platform's highly distributed design, which supports real-time data processing and decision-making close to the end user, so that every user can have a great experience without overloading expensive cloud data centers. 
To be clear, we don't take the competition lightly. But when it comes to Edge capabilities, we believe that the others have a lot of catching up to do to match what we've been doing and doing profitably for a very long time. 
Turning now to our financial results. I'm pleased to report that Akamai delivered another quarter of excellent results in Q3, coming in above expectations on both the top and bottom lines. Revenue was $710 million, up 7% over last year in constant currency. Q3 non-GAAP EPS was $1.10 per diluted share, up 18% in constant currency. Our very strong third quarter results were once again driven by the rapid growth of our cloud security and international businesses, strong growth in video, software and gaming download traffic and our continued focus on operational excellence. Our adjusted EBITDA margin in Q3 was 42%, up 1 point over Q3 of last year. Non-GAAP operating margin was 29%, up 2 points over Q3 of last year. We've made excellent progress towards our goal of achieving non-GAAP operating margins of 30% in 2020 as we continue to invest in innovation on new products with the goal of driving our future growth. 
Our security portfolio continued to be the fastest-growing part of our business in Q3, achieving revenue of $216 million, up 29% year-over-year in constant currency. Bot Manager and our Enterprise Security Solutions continue to lead the way in Q3 with revenue growing by more than 50% over Q3 of last year. In addition to selling our enterprise security services directly to major enterprises, we're also now equipping our carrier partners with services that they can sell to small- and medium-sized businesses to defend against malware and VodaText. By embedding our technology into carrier products such as the recently released Comcast Business Security Edge, we can efficiently reach a much larger number of enterprise customers. 
The success of our security products was again a key driver for growth in our Web division, which delivered $390 million of revenue in Q3, up 10% over Q3 of last year in constant currency. Our leadership in security also helped to limit customer churn to a 5-year low in Q3. Keeping customers happy is always job #1, and so we were very pleased to see such a strong result. 
Our Media and Carrier division also performed well in the third quarter due to strong traffic growth for OTT video services and software and gaming downloads. 
Overall, we continue to grow traffic on our platform in Q3, faster than published growth rates for the Internet as a whole, meaning that we continue to gain traffic share. We set a new record for peak traffic on October 15 when we delivered 106 terabits per second. This is 66% larger than the peak we saw in Q3 of last year, and it's a strong proof point for the enormous capacity of the Akamai Edge platform. We believe that our ability to provide high-quality performance at this scale gives us a strong competitive edge when it comes to delivering traffic for popular OTT services. On a typical day, we now deliver over 800,000 terabytes of content to end users. To put such a large number in context, 800,000 terabytes is about what is contained in 200 million DVDs or 800 billion web pages, and we are now delivering this much traffic almost every day on the Akamai Edge platform. 
Before handing the call over to Ed, I'd like to say a few words about 3 recent acquisitions: krypt.co, ChameleonX and Exceda. 
krypt.co was a very small MIT-based startup with some excellent technology for providing truly secure multifactor authentication or MFA. The technology is easy to use and has significant security advantages over traditional MFA solutions, which can be compromised by phishing attacks. We plan to integrate this technology into our portfolio of enterprise security solutions. 
ChameleonX is a small Israeli startup with some innovative technology for detecting when a website contains or links to malware that causes end user data to be compromised. Accidentally incorporating malware from third parties into a website or app is a major problem for enterprises that has already resulted in several large data breaches, which in turn can lead to very large financial penalties from regulators. Our goal in acquiring ChameleonX is to develop a service to stop these attacks. We expect the deal to close soon. 
Lastly, Exceda is a leading provider of CDN and web security services in Latin America. They've been our largest reseller in an important and fast-growing region, and they have a very talented sales force and professional services team. We've entered into an agreement to acquire Exceda as part of our overall plan to grow our market presence throughout Latin America, including Brazil, Mexico, Argentina, Chile, Colombia and Peru. We expect the acquisition to close later in Q4. 
These 3 transactions will cost less than $50 million combined. We view them as smart investments that we think will drive significant growth for Akamai in the future. 
In general, we plan to continue to be active in M&A, which is the key reason why we raised an additional $1.15 billion in convertible debt in August. Of course, we're always judicious in how we spend shareholder capital as we continue to search for compelling opportunities to accelerate profitable revenue growth. 
In summary, we're very pleased with the consistency of our results in the first 3 quarters of 2019, the impressive revenue growth of our security products, the high-traffic growth in our CDN business, our strong growth and opportunity in the international markets and our healthy operating margins achieved even as we continue to invest in innovation, new products and acquisitions with the goal of driving our future growth. 
We're especially pleased to have delivered these results the right way, as evidenced by Akamai being named last quarter to both the Dow Jones Sustainability Index and the global FTSE4Good Index. And for that, I want to thank our hard-working employees for helping Akamai to achieve such strong results and positive recognition. 
Now I'll turn the call over to Ed to review our Q3 results and guidance for the remainder of the year. Ed?

Yes. I'll take the first one. This is Tom. We're really excited about the security business. The flagship products there are Kona Site Defender, which provides the cloud-based web app firewall solution that keeps sites from being taken over or corrupted or data being stolen; and Prolexic, which stops the denial of service attacks that come at the IP or the routing layer. And that's -- those are the flagship products, and we built a ton of capabilities on top of that. 
You mentioned Bot Manager, which is just doing incredibly well. We talked about growth, more than 50% year-over-year. And Bot Manager stops the kinds of attacks where an adversary is trying to buy up all the inventory. It could be an article of clothing. It could be tickets to a sports event. Stops the price scrapers, which can cause a lot of expense for the website, especially travel websites. And maybe most importantly, stops the account scammers. And this is the bots that are checking out stolen or guest credentials against your bank account to see if they got the right one, then they can drain your bank account. And we've had fabulous success in stopping those kinds of attacks. And that's, I think, a key reason why it's -- the revenue is growing so rapidly. And the best news there is we've got a long way to go just in our existing base and of course, also signing up new customers. 
You mentioned Janrain, the acquisition we did at the beginning of the year for their identity cloud capabilities, which we're integrating into our platform. And I think one of the exciting use cases there is to help our customers manage user data, opt-in requirements and to help them be compliant with the laws that are being passed all around the world. I think a lot of people are familiar with GDPR in Europe, especially now that some multi-hundred million dollar fines have been issued. But you have a law coming into effect in California, CCPA, on January 1. Most of our customers probably are not yet compliant. We can help with that. You have other states in the U.S. New York will be passing laws and many other countries around the world. And these laws are all a little bit different, and our customers are going to need help, making sure that they can be compliant. And I think we really could help using our identity cloud solution, which we're creating a part through the Janrain acquisition. 
We've talked about our enterprise security solutions, the notion of zero trust. I think there's a very exciting future there. We're seeing substantial customer wins there as people start embracing the zero trust concept and methodology. Again, revenue is growing over 50% there as well. 
We talked about the new acquisitions. Page Integrity, which is the ChameleonX acquisition, I think, is very important. This is where we stop things like Magecart that have caused some large data breaches on famous websites. In turn, again, huge fines, multi-hundred million dollar fines being imposed when those breaches have happened. And I think Akamai is in a fantastic position to protect our customers against those kinds of attacks. 
People don't think about it a lot today, but most of the content you get when you go to a website doesn't really start or originate at that website. It is third-party content, content used for marketing purposes, for performance management, advertising, all sorts of other things. And it turns out that, that content can often have malware in it, or that a website will link to a partner who provides these services and they will be compromised with malware, and that results in the end user giving up their private data like a credit card. And Akamai is in a really good position to stop that, and we'll be looking forward to introducing a product into the market next year, early next year, which we call Page Integrity Management. 
We talked about krypt.co, another small acquisition but with some really exciting technology around push-based multifactor authentication. And the interesting thing there is what a lot of enterprises use for that today is vulnerable to phishing attacks. And people don't think about it a lot, but that's not very good. And with the integration of krypt.co is we're going to be able to stop those attacks for enterprise. 
So there's a lot of exciting innovation going on in cloud security at Akamai, and we're looking forward to continue strong growth there. 
And Ed, I'll turn it over to you for the other question.

Yes. Pretty much everything -- all of -- everything we're doing involves Edge computing in some way. Certainly, everything we're doing involves the Edge, and the Edge enhances pretty much everything that we're doing. 
As we look towards 5G, I think that's really exciting in terms of enabling new kinds of applications around the Internet of Things. There's been a lot of buzz about IoT. But so far, we haven't seen so many killer applications, but I think that could be in the process of changing. 
As we look across our customer base, I would say a lot of our customers in several different verticals are now engaged in projects involving IoT. Sensors and sneakers, sensors and clothing or sports equipment, sensors on price tags, obviously, cars, obviously, mobile devices and gaming, big IoT potential markets. And the reason, I think, 5G is helpful here is because it will allow many billions more of devices to connect. The latency will be much lower across the air than it is for 3 and 4G, and the throughput will be higher. So that means you get more devices can communicate more effectively, and that's enabling, I think, for some of these -- at the same time, people are coming up with these IoT applications, and I think that can be very exciting. 
Now one of the nice things about 5G is that I think it makes it even more important that you have a real Edge network and not an Edge platform in name only, which we hear a lot from our competition, but a platform where you're really close to the last mile, you're deep inside the carriers and the cellular networks that are offering this capability. And Akamai is really unique in that context. 
And once the latency is lower in the last mile and you have higher throughput, now you really can take advantage of applications with low latency and high throughput if you really have an Edge platform. And because there you have the capacity in the last mile and you're close to it, you have low latency. If you're trying to serve out of the core data centers, you're still going to have latency problems even when 5G comes, and you're still going to have throughput problems even when you get better throughput in the last mile. And I think that's a key reason why you see Akamai being so much more successful in such a larger scale than some of these other companies that are serving out of core data centers at, of course, much lower volumes. And it's the Edge platform that makes the difference, and that is our competitive -- a major competitive advantage. It really is the edge. It's not just a marketing tool.

Yes. Secure web gateway is an important component in our enterprise threat protector solution. And yes, we are in competition with -- I would say the largest competitors are the traditional ways of doing things, where you have a secure web gateway that's a piece of hardware that you operate in a data center, or there's a cloud instance of it, and you operate it there. The legacy way of doing things or the traditional way of doing things is our largest competitor. 
Zscaler would be our largest competitor, I think, in the future way of doing things. And we do compete actively with Zscaler both for enterprise threat protector, which includes a secure web gateway; and also enterprise application access, which is where you're providing the access or authenticating enterprise employees and devices to get them access. And we compete very successfully. 
Big advantages that Akamai has are our enterprise platform. We have a much larger cloud security business overall, and so we're already engaged and trusted by the CSOs in the large enterprise organizations. We have our Kona Site Defender service, which I think is critical for really providing enterprise security and zero trust, and the competition that you mentioned doesn't have anything like that. 
And I would say, lastly, performance matters for enterprises. And one of the big challenges with enterprise security that often keeps them from using products from some of the companies you mentioned is that when you turn it on, including a secure web gateway, it destroys your performance to the point where the employees object and especially if you're a global company and you don't want to use it. And of course, that's a problem. With Akamai being a performance company, when you turn on our security products, your performance gets better. In fact, we recently had some major customer wins where performance was identified by the customers, the reason that they chose us over the competition. So they get great Akamai security, but now their enterprise apps get faster for employees instead of slower. 
So yes, we're competing against those companies, and I think, successfully.

Yes, sure. Usually, with new products, especially if they're new to the industry, which they often are with Akamai, we'll go direct first through betas and really get the product development and establish market traction, and then it quickly extends to our channel. 
In the area of enterprise security, there, I think we have even greater channel adoption and potential. I talked earlier about Comcast business' new Security Edge product. You may see it advertised on TV. That's Akamai underneath. And it provides a version of our Enterprise Threat Protector product that we talked about just a minute ago for small and medium businesses that Comcast business sells to small and medium businesses. 
So I think you'll see us on the enterprise security side make even greater use of the channel than we already do with all of our other products. And in many cases, you'll see our products be white-labeled. And so you wouldn't initially know it's Akamai, but it's Akamai underneath.

Yes. Obviously, we're going to be very judicious with anything that's a larger acquisition. It's not impossible we do something larger. In the area of security, valuations are pretty high today, and you're not going to see us do anything wacky in terms of the financials. We're very happy with our own capabilities. Where we see good technology that makes sense financially, we're going to buy it, and then we're going to develop it and bring it to market. And now with security business that's at our scale, we're in a really good position to do that. 
In terms of direction, I think you'll see us continue to work in the mold that we've been working in, things that are natural adjacencies for us that complement our portfolio, the work that really benefit well from having a true Edge platform that will be synergistic with our customer base. And now that we're in enterprise security, I think that now stands to most major enterprises. Those are the areas where we'd be looking for. 
Obviously, we care a lot about security, and that's broadly construed everything from protecting websites, for protecting applications protecting data centers, protecting identity, user information. We're now protecting enterprises. So I think building out in that area is obviously of interest. 
And as you saw, we are purchasing Exceda, which is a leader in a different geography, where we want to see a lot more growth in our traditional businesses, content delivery and to some extent, web security. 
So I think what you've seen us do is a good blueprint for what's coming. There will be acquisitions. They'll fit well and benefit from the Akamai Edge platform, and they'll be synergistic. They're not going to be nutty in terms of cost for things, given some of the valuations out there.

Yes. I think the record-low churn over the past 5 years, there's a lot of factors to that. It's the combination of products, which make a big difference to customers to get performance and security in a single platform and a single offer. That matters. It's the great quality that we provide, both in terms of enhancing the performance of an application and the security that really works. So the services are really strong and much better than you can get anywhere else on the market. And the great people with our services and support. 
And we find, especially in the area of security with the attack vectors changing so rapidly, that our customers, which are major enterprises, they want to have an expert that they can talk to, that they trust in and can be engaged with them to make sure they stay ahead of the attacks. Because the attack environment is changing so rapidly out there, and so our services professionals are highly desired by our enterprise customers. And I think all those things put together have helped reduce what was already a very low churn rate. So it was low to start with. It's not a situation where we had any kind of churn problem. It's always been low single digits and now even better. 
And Ed, do you want to talk about the revenue and the acquisitions?

Yes, we didn't give the exact counts last quarter, just wanted to give some kind of idea. We'll probably do that on an annual basis, give you updates there, but probably not every quarter. We are seeing fantastic growth in security, and we gave some of the highlights on this call. 
Penetration. I think we have a lot of room for growth in the existing base because there's several different security capabilities. And I think now, over half the customers have at least one, but our preferred model would be to have several of the security products into all the accounts. So plenty of room for growth in the existing base. I can also add that we're seeing very strong growth of new customers, and that's being led by security. 
And then I think the third question was customers with Prolexic and Kona maybe. Now Kona Site Defender also provides now service capabilities at the application layer. Prolexic is sort of specialized in that it does denial of service at the routing or IP layer, and that really is for protecting data centers that have other things going on besides a website. If you just have a website, you just have web traffic, then you wouldn't need Prolexic. You would simply be using Kona Site Defender and all the capabilities built on top of that. And so that maybe why you're looking at a smaller dual penetration. There's sort of different situations that you'd use them in.

Yes, we're committed to doing 30% next year, and I don't see anything at this point that would change that. And we're very conscious of operating margins as we make acquisitions. And of course, as you've seen, we're continuing to make acquisitions. So it's not that we're not going to move forward on deals that we think make a lot of sense that can help our customers, but we're planning to meet 30% operating margins next year.

We're not making guidance for margins past 2020. As I mentioned, we're committed to delivering 30% next year. And when we get to the beginning of next year, we'll see what we're thinking about in terms of the future. But we're also heavily focused on revenue growth. I think 30% is a good place for the company to operate. If we can do better, we're certainly going to do that. And I think you're on a good point that as security grows as a fraction of our overall revenue, that is very helpful for us because that's a very high-margin business.
Now of course, at the same time, as we make acquisitions and increase our investment for building innovative, new security products, that adds a lot of R&D OpEx. So you have the tension there. And right now, we're planning to operate at 30%. And if we change that for the future, we'll certainly let you know.