Thanks, Tom, and thank you all for joining us today. 
I'm pleased to report that Akamai delivered excellent financial results in the second quarter, coming in at or above the high end of our guidance range for both revenue and EPS. Q2 revenue was $853 million, up 7% year-over-year and up 5% in constant currency. Non-GAAP operating margin in Q2 was 32%, which reflects our continued focus on operational efficiency, even as we've continued to invest for future growth. 
Q2 non-GAAP EPS was $1.42 per diluted share, up 3% year-over-year. Akamai Security Solutions continued to perform especially well in Q2, generating revenue of $325 million, up 25% year-over-year and up 22% in constant currency. 
Cyberattacks generated headlines throughout the first half of the year, and our strong growth reflects the criticality of security to organizations in every sector and geography of the world. Akamai is increasingly recognized as a security leader that offers not just innovative and market-leading solutions, but also insights into an enormous amount of Internet data and threat intelligence, a massive distributed platform at the edge of the Internet where most attacks originate. And the technical expertise of one of the industry's largest and most experienced teams of security professionals. 
The strong growth of our security portfolio was driven by several product lines, including our market-leading solutions for web app firewall, bot management, DDOS prevention and Access Control. 
Our recently released Akamai Page Integrity Manager continued to have rapid adoption in Q2. Page Integrity Manager helps businesses protect their users from having credit card data or other personal information stolen by malware embedded in third-party content. It's also designed to prevent user data from being intentionally or inadvertently sent to third parties such as advertisers or social networks, which can result in a violation of privacy laws and steep fines. 
As an example, one of our customers is a leading furniture retailer. Page Integrity Manager detected that one of their partners, a major social media platform, was taking their shoppers' e-mail addresses in violation of their data privacy rules. Page Integrity Manager blocks such transfers of personal data and immediately notifies our customers so that appropriate business actions can be taken. 
In June, we entered beta with a related solution that we call Audience Hijacking Protection. Audience Hijacking Protection is designed to detect and block malicious or unwanted activity from client side plug-ins, browser extensions and malware. For example, it can quickly identify vulnerable resources, detect suspicious behavior and block unwanted ads, pop-ups, affiliate fraud and other malicious activities that attempt to hijack a retailer's audience. Initial customer interest in this new capability is very strong. 
Akamai Bot Manager also continued to perform very well in Q2, with revenue growing 40% year-over-year. Bot Manager now has nearly 800 customers with an annualized revenue run rate of nearly $200 million. Our customers use Bot Manager to thwart a variety of unwanted activities and attacks such as price scraping, inventory manipulation, credential stuffing and account takeover. 
Recently, we enhanced our ability to defend against account takeover attempts with the beta launch of Akamai Account Protector. It's designed to proactively identify and block human fraudulent activity using advanced machine learning, behavioral analytics and reputation heuristics. Account Protector intelligently evaluates every login request to determine if it's coming from a legitimate user or an impersonator. 
Q2 bookings were also strong for our Prolexic service, which helps organizations defend against the surge of ransom DDOS attacks that began in Q3 of last year. As an example, a leading financial analytics company recently adopted Prolexic to protect them from this growing threat. Prior to that, the company faced operational and technical challenges from needing to manage multiple security technologies from various niche vendors and cloud service providers. Since consolidating with Akamai, they have greatly benefited from reduced complexity, improved security and greater consistency for compliance and risk management across their many business units. 
As you all likely know, there have been widespread ransomware, data theft and other malware attacks against major enterprises this year. Included were well-publicized attacks on critical infrastructure at a major pipeline company, the world's largest meat packer and a freight operator that serves as the lifeline for 2 popular island destinations in New England. 
The need to stop these kinds of attacks is driving organizations to adopt new Zero Trust and Secure Access Service Edge, or SASE Solutions, such as those offered by Akamai. For example, when the exchange server attack hit thousands of organizations in March, Akamai's e-mail wasn't compromised because our IT department uses Akamai's Enterprise Application Access solution, which prevented unauthorized access to our exchange server. 
Our Access Control suite of products continue to be Akamai's fastest-growing Security segment in Q2 and with revenue up 161% year-over-year, including the acquisition of Asavie, and up 57% on an organic basis. 
As one example of a new customer, we closed a large security contract in Q2 with a company that helps maritime operators manage risk. This company has thousands of employees and hundreds of offices throughout the world. They adopted our Enterprise Application Access and Kona Site Defender solutions to secure the access to their applications and to protect their internal systems from malware and other threats. 
I'll now turn to our CDN portfolio, which generated revenue of $528 million in Q2, down 1% year-over-year and 4% in constant currency. This result was in line with our expectations and reflects the challenging comparison against last year's pandemic-related jump in traffic and the loss of revenue from Chinese applications that were banned from India in July of 2020. 
Traffic on our platform remained strong in Q2, with peaks exceeding 130 terabits per second every day throughout the quarter. This enormous amount of traffic provides strong evidence of how much customers were live on our platform's unparalleled scale and reach, which is enabled by more than 4,200 points of presence at the edge, in 135 countries around the world. 
Our tremendous global presence is especially important to the world's major broadcasters, who continue to look to Akamai to deliver the world's most significant events. For example, during the recent European football tournament, the peak traffic that we delivered globally for more than 30 broadcasters was 35 terabits per second, nearly 5x the peak observed in 2016. 
Our fast-growing Edge Applications segment delivered $47 million in Q2, up 35% year-over-year and up 32% in constant currency. This rapid growth rate reflects the shift of compute workloads from core data centers, on-prem or in the cloud to our edge platform for offload, improved performance, security and global scale. 
For example, each time a user accesses one of our retailer customer sites, the retailer's geo location code is executed on an Akamai Edge server to identify the user's location and then deliver content tailored for that location. Overall, we're now supporting an average of 5 billion such edge computing instantiations per day on our platform. 
In summary, I'm pleased to report that we've executed according to the plan we outlined for investors during our February Analyst Day. In particular, we continued to achieve strong demand from customers for our security and edge computing solutions, diversification of our business across products, geographies and sales channels, and strong financial performance on both the top and bottom lines. 
Before turning the call over to Ed, I'd like to formally welcome Sharon Bowen to our Board of Directors. Sharon's had extensive experience in financial and securities transactions for large global companies and we're very much looking forward to benefiting from her engagement and counsel. In addition, as many of you know, our Board is now chaired by Dan Hesse, who succeeded Fred Salerno in June. Dan has held senior management positions in the telco industry for many years, including as CEO of Sprint. He's also recognized as a leader in ESG and is providing valuable advice and oversight to our senior management team. 
Of course, we all deeply appreciate Fred's many years of outstanding leadership and service to Akamai, and we wish him the very best in his future endeavors. 
I'll now turn the call over to Ed to provide further details on our Q2 results and our outlook for next quarter and the full year. Ed?

We do have a specialist team for our newest security products. And that's very helpful until the field can get up to speed. But our entire go-to-market operation is now well versed in selling security products. So they really only need the assist for the newly released products. And so we don't have a bifurcated sales force now.

Yes. For our new solutions, you might see a start-up out there with something similar. Our normal competition doesn't have these capabilities. And it's a big advantage to be able to offer these capabilities with the existing platform because once you're on Akamai, for example, you're using our Web App Firewall, which is a market-leading solution, it's very easy to add Page Integrity Manager on top. We just take care of that. The customer says they want it and we turn it on. And the request -- the data flow is not changed. 
The same will be true with Audience Hijacking Protection, same thing, built right on top of the Web App Firewall, and our other solutions. So it really is very convenient for customers to buy from us. And there really isn't something that's comparable in the marketplace. And these are adding great value. 
In terms of the buyer, Audience Hijacking Protection, that could really go the range. Probably it ends up more towards the marketing side of the house because literally, their audience is being hijacked today. Any retailer has a problem where -- because of malware that's on the user's browser or plug-ins or extensions they have, that malware and those plug-ins are looking for somebody about to do a transaction. 
And what they'll do is put some pop-up over it saying, "Wait a minute, go here instead." Or even worse, it will be some fraud where they'll change the refer header and claim credit for this buyer and our customer now has to pay more. So for products like that, it could be anywhere from the security side all the way through the website and through the marketing side of the house because it provides so much value. It reduces cost, increases revenue and provides greater security. Really, it's very nice to see that because it's a very good blend between our delivery and performance solutions and our security solutions all wrapped up in one package.

Sure. It really is useful, I think, across all verticals. Gaming is another example of the big -- our big gaming customers had interest there. They want to get local decisions made in terms of who's playing who, what master server maybe they go back to for the gaming instructions. 
Another great example is the COVID vaccine registration sites. In this case, was a third-party company unrelated to us, built a queuing application on top of our EdgeWorkers solution that is used today by, I think, dozens now, governments and pharmaceutical companies to assist in getting the vaccine registrations. And of course, in the early days in the U.S. and still in many countries, there's a lot more people that want to get a vaccine than you have capacity for and so you want to be fair. So if somebody comes into the website, they get into the queue, and they know how long the queue is and that whole process is managed. And again, that's an ideal application to run with our edge computing service. 
And also handles all the excess load and the flash crowd around the site when you announce, "Okay, we got a lot of vaccines available in a certain period of time." A lot of people come at once where maybe they know when that's going to happen. And so we provide the overflow capacity for that. 
But really, anything you could imagine that involves locality, the need to rapidly scale would be a suitable use for our EdgeWorkers solutions. IoT applications, I think, in the future, is a big driver of demand there. And I think that gets enabled by 5G as that gets deployed, and you get a lot more devices connected. 
But there, you've got a lot of devices with a lot of communication back and forth, very chatty protocols, data being sent in and you need to aggregate that and make decisions quickly locally on the fly, edge computing, edge applications is a good example for that. Tailoring the content based on the device type and the local connectivity is another example. We do that with our image and video manager applications, where if you're on a, say, a cellular device, you don't have a big screen and maybe you don't have great connectivity, we will automatically, at the edge with the edge computing, put in a smaller -- a lower resolution version of the image. And on your device, it will look the same. So there's no real reduction in quality, but the less traffic needed to convey the image means you get better performance for the end user. So there's just all sorts of applications that people are using. And now we're doing those kinds of things 5 billion times a day on our edge platform using Edge Java.

So yes, we're interested in the entire SASE stack. I would say we're really focused though on stopping malware, stopping these ransom DDoS, ransomware attacks, stopping data exfiltration. And that puts us in the direction of a focus on access to make sure that we do the access control of the application layer, not as it's traditionally done at the network layer, and that makes a huge difference in terms of the malware getting inside in the first place. 
Also, we have Secure Web Gateway capabilities, probably market-leading DNS capabilities, which makes a big difference in terms of data exfiltration. And we do have some DLP capabilities today with our newest version of Enterprise Threat Protector. CASB, less capabilities there today, potentially of interest, but not the primary mission in terms of stopping the data exfiltration, the ransomware attacks, the malware attacks on enterprises. 
And of course, ransom DDoS, which our Prolexic solution helps a lot with -- along with Kona. So good traction there. As you see the growth on the access side of the house now, well over 50% organically. And of course, if you account the Asavie acquisition, over 160% year-over-year. We plan to continue investing there organically, also through potentially M&A, we're always looking there. And I think that has a lot of future potential for us.

Yes. In terms of financial impact, de minimis. We lost, at the peak, about 2% of our traffic for up to 1 hour. So not any financial impact per se. That said, we care a lot about reliability at Akamai. It is core to everything we want to do. And we've put a ton of effort into making our solutions be reliable over the last 10-plus years. 
In fact, you have to go back to 2004 to find anything comparable in terms of what's happened on our platform. In 2004, we actually took the entire platform down for about an hour, which was disastrous. That didn't happen in this case, but we did hurt hundreds of our customers, and we deeply regret that. We impacted them and their users, and that's unacceptable. 
In both cases, there was an update that caused a problem. And we have invested a lot in infrastructure to make sure that updates are done safely. In this case, the updates were totally different and totally different systems at Akamai. But as a result of this, we are taking a fresh look at how we release updates to make sure that something like this won't happen again. And meanwhile, we've locked down all update channels as we do a thorough investigation of each one. 
People don't often realize it, but we are constantly doing updates. We have a platform with dozens of services. We have many, many thousands of customers. Any given customers maybe wanted to make an update to their site on an hourly basis or more. And so it's just thousands and thousands a day of updates that are taking place in the platform. And because of the really very intense work that we've done over the last decade, we have had an excellent track record of keeping any problem with an update from spreading. 
Humans making updates will make mistakes. And our goal is to prevent -- to catch them early and prevent them from spreading. And in this case, there were 2 different channels where that didn't happen the way we want it to. And so we are putting in a lot of effort to look at every possible channel and make sure it is working the way we want to. And not only do we not want to have any more incidents this year, we don't want to be having this happen in the next 10 years. And so there's a lot of effort going into making sure that's the case.

Yes, good questions. I think edge computing is really important in the future. And when I say edge, I really mean edge, and that's a big difference with the competition, none of whom really have an edge platform. Of course, for the last couple of years, everybody says they have edge everything. It's just -- it's not true. We're in over 4,000 locations, in about 1,000 cities and 135 countries, and nobody is anywhere, anywhere close to that. 
And we offer native Javascript support now, which a lot of the folks that talk about edge computing don't. And we spin up our apps in a few milliseconds, and that's a factor of 1,000 better than some of the folks that talk a lot about edge computing out there. So I think we stack up very well against the competition there. 
And I think you see that reflected in our very strong growth. That segment now, well over 30% growth year-over-year. We think we can maintain that. And on a reasonable sized number, last year, $150 million, we're now almost up to a $200 million annual revenue run rate for our edge applications business. So I think very strong future potential. And as you grow in your 30% a year on a number that's about $200 million now, after a few years, that starts really being meaningful. And I think that drives accelerated growth for the CDN business. And remind me again of the security question you had?

Yes, that's a good question. It's interesting because we started with application firewall. And if you go back 5 or 6 years, pretty much everybody bought a device and managed it in their data set. And today, there's still a few enterprises that do that. But pretty much all the major B2C companies on large -- majority of them are now using Akamai for that as a cloud service. And we're the market leader by far in application firewall. 
You look at DDoS. And again, go back 5-plus years, that was managed either in the data center or with a single carrier. And that just doesn't work anymore. You can't handle the volume. And so now Akamai is the market leader by far with a cloud service there. 
I think you will see the same thing happen with enterprise security. Today, it is done, you get your VPN and you get your boxes and you manage them in your data center. That is not a good way to do it. That's why you have all these breaches. When you're providing network layer access, it's a disaster. You look at the big pipeline company that had a problem. It's just one of many thousands of enterprises. 
Credentials to the VPN are stolen, put on the dark web, somebody gets them. And that just gives them access to the entire network. And you can't do it that way. And that's why our solutions are so important with application layer access. Now sure you can steal somebody's credentials, but of course, you want multifactor authentication. And then you only get access to the app. And if you're using Akamai, you don't even get access to the app directly. You got to come through us, and we'll make sure there's no malware going to that app or you're not exploiting vulnerabilities, and then you don't have those kind of situations. 
So I think if you look at the Exchange Server situation, which I talked about a few minutes ago. Again, by having Akamai in front with our Enterprise Application Access, our e-mail wasn't stolen, even though we had the vulnerable software like everybody else did. So it will take some time. We're at the beginnings of, I'd say, Zero Trust approach and moving to the cloud, in particular to the edge -- Akamai Edge platform for enterprise security, but I do think there's a tremendous future there because we're in a position to really stop those breaches.

Yes. And in terms of the M&A question, we're always looking for companies that have novel capabilities that we can use to build products for our customers that are synergistic with our platform and our solutions we have today. And you're right, there are areas, particularly in security and also edge computing that have very high valuations to that. And that makes it harder to do acquisitions that make sense because we're not going to do something that's crazy. 
Now when you're looking at an acquisition, we look at it over the long term. And so that we want it to be accretive, certainly over the long term. In addition to the purchase price, we also worry about the hit margins, especially when you do an acquisition, often as you know, the first year, you have revenue recognition issues where you don't get to recognize all the revenue right away. And so in the first year, you can take a hit to your margins. 
And if we find the right acquisition that is really helpful to us in growth over the long term and it will be accretive to margins over the long term, there may be a situation where we would take a short-term hit to margins, and then we would improve them from there.

The good news is we're seeing strong demand across all of our major security product lines. And also the new security products are obviously not contributing a lot of revenue yet, but we're seeing strong interest in those as well. So it's just a -- it's a good picture across the board. The threat environment certainly increases the awareness and need for our solutions. 
In terms of sales cycle, obviously, if a customer is under attack, the sales cycle can be very short. In many cases, we'll integrate the customer within a matter of hours or days and often a follow-up with all the details of the contract later, and we've seen a lot of that. With these ransom DDoS, dozens and dozens of major enterprises in that situation that very quickly become happy Akamai customers. 
So it's a good environment, I would say, in terms of security sales for all of our security products right now.

Sure. Account Protector is sort of the next step beyond Bot Manager. Bot Manager detects whether it's a human being that's trying to, for example, to log into an account. And as you probably know, there's a ton of account stuffing going on. We see every day now about 1 billion illegitimate attempts to log into an account of some kind, a bank account, gaming account, a commerce account. And the vast, vast majority of that is bot traffic. Credentials have been stolen somewhere and a bot network is used to check out those credentials against a lot of websites to see if you get a hit. 
Now the adversaries have evolved, the attackers have evolved. And now I will use humans to attempt to log in and steal accounts. Now you can't do that at the same scale as you can with a bot army. But you use things that you think may well get in and now the human will do it. And so we need to decide, well, okay, it's human, but is it the right human? 
And that's what Account Protector is all about. And it will use information about the human that's been using that account before with a variety of inputs and trust scores and then using machine learning to decide on the fly based on everything we can see here, is this the right human for this account? And we give a score that is used to decide, are we going to provide access directly? Do you go to some other security mechanism like you get asked questions or a capture test of some kind? Or do you just block? 
And that's what Account Protector does. So it is one-step deeper analysis that will now deal with human-based fraud and in specifically around the log-in function. Now of course, Bot Manager covers a lot of other things, too, like price scraping, inventory stealing, inventory -- reserving all the seats in a hotel or an airline by a competitor, that kind of thing. So this is really focused on fraud and log-in that's being done by humans.

I don't think it was stated.