Thanks, Tom, and thank you all for joining us today. Akamai delivered excellent results in the second quarter. Revenue was $663 million, up 9% over Q2 of last year, with continued very strong performance for our security products and continued improvement in our Media and Carrier Division. Q2 non-GAAP EPS was $0.83 per diluted share, up 34% year-over-year. This very strong result was driven by our solid revenue growth, the impact of the cost reductions that we made in the 2 prior quarters and a lower tax rate. 
EBITDA margins in Q2 improved to 39%, and non-GAAP operating margins improved to 26%. We expect further improvements in margins by the end of the year as we realize the benefits of projects underway to improve our operational efficiency, and we're continuing our work to find a path to achieve non-GAAP operating margins of 30% in 2020 while maintaining investment in the development of new products intended to fuel our future growth. 
Our security portfolio was again the fastest growing part of our business with Q2 revenue of $155 million, up 33% over Q2 of last year. We've been very pleased with the performance of our security business, which has received accolades from several leading analyst firms over the last few months. In April, Frost & Sullivan recognized Akamai for market leadership in bot risk management. And in May, they recognized us for market leadership in holistic Web protection. In June, Forrester ranked Akamai highest among all competitors in Web application firewalls, and we were the only company to receive Forrester's top score possible for zero-day attack capabilities. Also, in June, IDC issued a new vendor profile of our security capabilities that said, "Akamai has had the strongest and broadest edge security offering for quite some time." And all this comes on top of Gartner's recognition last year of Akamai as a leader in its Magic Quadrant for Web application firewalls. 
Our security products were an important contributor to the revenue in our Web Division in Q2. Overall, Web Division customers generated $351 million in revenue in the second quarter, up 11% over Q2 of last year. This is a little lower than what we'd like to see from the Web Division. And as we talked about during our Analyst Day last month, we've taken several steps to drive a stronger growth rate going forward. Most notably, we've added new leadership in global Web sales, increased our inside sales and sales development functions to drive new customer acquisition, simplified our pricing and packaging bundles for multiproduct sales, focused effort on accelerating customer adoption of our mobile solutions, and we're improving our ability to cross-sell our new products into the existing customer base. 
We continue to see strong traction for our new products in Q2, including mPulse, Image Manager, Bot Manager, Enterprise Threat Protector and Enterprise Application Access. Revenue from our new products exited the quarter with an annualized run rate of about $170 million, more than triple the run rate from Q2 of last year.
Revenue for our Media and Carrier Division in Q2 was $312 million, up 8% over Q2 of last year. This much improved performance is a result of our successful integration of Nominum and the work that we've been doing to improve our traffic share in the top 250 global media accounts. 
Traffic growth on the Akamai platform continued to accelerate in Q2 with especially strong growth in our OTT and gaming sectors. Downloads of the new Fortnite game set a record for a single video game release with over 22 terabits per second of traffic delivered for a single customer at the peak. I think it's worth noting that this customer moved from one of the world's largest cloud platform providers to Akamai in the months leading up to the release, not just because of our scale and global reach -- although that's really important when you have a game of this size and an audience of this magnitude, but also because we achieved a 5x reduction in error rates, which provided a much better experience for their end users. We also set traffic records for streaming the World Cup. Akamai served 55 broadcasters from around the world during the tournament, and there were several days when our total World Cup traffic exceeded 20 terabits per second. 
To put this amount of traffic into context, 20 terabits per second is more than 10x the aggregate border capacity of some major countries. On the other hand, it's not hard to imagine that the demand for online traffic someday could grow to 1,000x this amount. Delivering traffic at scale is very hard to do, and it's something that the Akamai Edge platform is uniquely good at. That's because we place our servers in thousands of locations close to end users, well beyond the bottlenecks in the core of the Internet where cloud data centers are typically located. The competitive takeaway of the Fortnite traffic I mentioned earlier and the well-publicized failures of 2 of the world's largest cloud platforms during the World Cup provide strong proof points as to why we believe that Akamai's unique architecture is so important and also why we think it will become even more critical as traffic levels on the Internet increase.
In summary, I'm very pleased with our results in Q2. We continue to see very strong performance in our security portfolio, improvement in our Media and Carrier Division, improvement in our margins and very strong growth on the bottom line.
Before turning the call over to Jim, I'd like to mention that Akamai has a significant milestone coming up in the next month. August 20 will be the 20th anniversary of our founding. It has certainly been an eventful 20 years as we've grown from the early days as an MIT start-up to become the world leader in content delivery, application performance and cloud security, and I want to thank all our employees for their sustained track record of innovation and hard work and also our customers for their partnership and trust. We've accomplished a lot together over the last 20 years, but I really do believe that the best is yet to come. In part, that's because I believe that Akamai's current business is very well positioned to benefit from major market tailwinds as large volumes of media move online, the scale and sophistication of cyberattacks grow, and more applications move to mobile devices where near-instant performance is the expectation. 
I'm also excited by our progress in the development of an entirely new generation of services to support our customers' future needs in the areas of blockchain, the Internet of Things and zero trust security architectures. Predicting the future is never easy, but as I look forward to the next 20 years, I see very bright prospects for Akamai and our shareholders. 
With that, I'll turn it over to Jim to review our financials and guidance for the rest of the year. Jim?

No, I think you characterized it well. And our ability to package together the world's leading security capabilities with the world's leading performance is very powerful. And that helps us retain and grow the Web customer base. It's -- the person who owns the website needs to be secure, needs to be fast. And if they go to one vendor and get the best of both, that's just an incredibly powerful combination.

Yes, I think it's both. We are, I believe, increasing traffic share, and you can see that from the rate of traffic growth, which is accelerated now for 4 straight quarters well beyond any published estimates, Internet traffic growth. And that means that we're gaining share. And we see that at times when there's big events, when companies turn to Akamai, of course, to do that. And in the cases when they don't, there can be failures and other things happen, poor quality, which helps Akamai gain share. So it's -- at the same time, there is more viewing online. And you look at the aggregate traffic levels for events like the World Cup far more viewing online than 4 years ago. You look at the big gaming downloads like Fortnite, much larger traffic levels than you would see for gaming downloads even a year ago. So it's a combination of both. The tide is rising as a whole, and there's a potential for a lot more of that, as we've talked about. And I think we're gaining share at the same time,.

Yes. So in terms of M&A and security, that's an area where we're always looking for acquisitions. We've done several over the last few years. You're correct that often, the companies that we would look at have pretty wild valuation sometimes, and you're not going to see us do anything foolish. So when we make acquisitions, we're very disciplined and we've been really happy with the acquisitions that we've done particularly in the security space. Now in terms of boosting our go-to-market presence, I think that's more interest on the enterprise security side. And it's a factor that we think about when we look at potential acquisitions. That said, we're getting very good traction now with our enterprise security sales. Q2 was very strong there and growing. So it's not something that it's a have-to-do. But if we can find an acquisition that makes sense financially, can add product capabilities for our customers, having an improved go-to-market presence is just a plus there. And Jim, do you want to take the second question?

Well, of course, the U.S. business includes the giant platform, cloud platform companies, which helps depress the growth rate there. And we've made a lot of investments overseas and particularly in APJ, have a lot of success overseas, revenue growing in a very good clip. There's a lot of people and major businesses there, a lot of potential to grow further. And Jim, would you like to add anything to that?

Yes, OTT traffic is the largest source of traffic for us and approximately half of our total traffic. And the pricing depends on the volume of traffic from any given customer. And the major broadcasters and media folks tend to push a lot of the traffic, and they would get the most competitive and lowest pricing per bit because of the volume discounts.

Well, no, as Jim mentioned, the customers themselves demand lower pricing. That's very common in technology. Some of the customers themselves are under competitive pressure from cloud giants, and we always had a wide variety of competitors. You have the cloud giants. Some of them have been in the business of delivery now for over a decade. You got start-ups, and you got the CDNs that have been in business for well over a decade. So a wide variety of competitors there and I don't think there's been any fundamental change in that landscape.

Yes, I think you got the points right in there. And it's good to keep in mind that we've got a lot of the revenue in the Web Division is performance and there's traffic -- delivery is sensitive. And so that's where you see the price compression, which is a natural phenomenon. And really important to remember -- and Jim mentioned this, that our churn is very low. And Q2, in fact, is one of the lowest quarters we've had in a long time. So it's not a situation where we're losing customers to any kind of competitor out there. They're just natural price pressure against the delivery products in the Web Division for those customers. Now you also noted very correctly, we're doing a great job with the new products, in selling those, ramping the revenue from that up quickly. We're doing a fantastic job on the security products, growing well over 30% and now at a pretty significant amount of revenue. And so that is driving the growth of the division and becoming an increasing part of the product mix, which is why we're optimistic about the future of Web Division growth while we're dealing with some of the natural price compression in the delivery-based products in the division. Jim, do you want to add to that?

Yes, in terms of the second question, customers that buy more than one product is really important for us. We do a lot better in those accounts, of course. And for example, customers that would buy an acceleration product and then combining with Image Manager, digital performance management, one of our security solutions, for example, the Kona Site Defender platform or the Prolexic platform, we're now packaging those together. And then as we go forward, as I mentioned, we're starting to get some pretty strong traction with our enterprise security products, and we'll probably talk a lot more about that on the next Street call. But that will become a factor as well. We're also looking at enterprise license agreements where you get the whole package, and we've had some really outstanding recent success there. So it's the -- keeping track of what the customers are buying in aggregate. And obviously, it's beneficial for us when customers use more of the Akamai platform and they buy some of our other market-leading capabilities.