Thanks, Tom, and thank you all for joining us today. Our Q1 revenue was $904 million, up 7% year-over-year and up 9% in constant currency. This solid result was driven by the continued rapid growth of our security and compute businesses. Q1 non-GAAP operating margin was 30%, Q1 non-GAAP EPS was $1.39 per diluted share, up 1% year-over-year and up 4% in constant currency. As Ed will discuss later, EPS came in at the low end of our guidance range, primarily due to an adverse tax impact of $0.03.
Since our last call with you on February 15, we've seen the development of several major global events and financial headwinds. It's remarkable how quickly the world has changed with the war in Ukraine, the significant strengthening of the U.S. dollar, escalating inflation, increasing concerns about a recession, and a moderation of Internet traffic growth as many countries remove mask mandates.
Since these developments are all fairly recent, they had a relatively small impact on our Q1 results, but it's prudent to assume that they'll impact our results more meaningfully for the rest of the year. For example, at current spot rates, the strengthening dollar will adversely impact full year 2022 revenue by about $100 million. About $55 million of that impact has come since we issued guidance on February 15.
As we disclosed in our 8-K filing on March 7, about 1% of our revenue comes from Russian companies or is derived from delivering traffic into Russia. We have since terminated our business with several majority state-owned Russian companies and our traffic delivered into Russia and Ukraine on behalf of other global customers has declined dramatically since the war began. As a result, it's reasonable to assume that we will no longer generate most of the revenue that had been associated with Russia and Ukraine.
Lastly, data from some of our large customers in the media and commerce verticals suggest that they may be transitioning from an environment of above normal online consumption fueled by COVID-related restrictions to an environment with more macroeconomic uncertainty, which could moderate their traffic growth in the near term.
Discussions with many of our large carrier partners across the world, have reinforced the view that traffic growth rates may be moderating across the Internet as a whole. In particular, they've told us that they've recently seen a moderation in their year-over-year traffic growth, and that the current levels of traffic on their networks are less than what they'd expected. This is consistent with what we've recently seen.
Traffic is still growing at a fast pace on the Akamai platform, but at a more moderate pace than we've observed over the last few years. As a result of these largely external factors, and to be conservative in our outlook, we feel it is prudent to lower our expectations for the full year. Ed will provide more detail shortly.
That said, and this is important to emphasize, Akamai's business continues to be very strong and highly profitable. Traffic growth on our platform remains substantial and the data we've received from our customers and carrier partners indicates that our market share remains stable or is modestly increasing.
In addition, our customer churn levels continue to be at record lows. Lost annual revenue from churned accounts in Q1 amounted to less than 0.5% of total annual revenue, and churn due to competitors was much less than half of that already small amount. As a result, our market-leading delivery business continues to generate substantial cash and to power our unique edge platform.
Our security business has reached an annual revenue run rate of over $1.5 billion and continues to grow over 20% annually in constant currency. And we believe that our compute business is poised to achieve about $400 million in revenue this year, with a growth rate of over 60%. And perhaps most important of all, the combination of our security and compute businesses now represents the majority of our revenue. We expect these businesses to generate about $2 billion of revenue this year with a growth rate of about 27% in constant currency. 
I'll now talk about each of our 3 major business lines, starting with security, which we believe will soon become our largest business line. Our Security Solutions generated revenue of $382 million in Q1, up 23% year-over-year and up 26% in constant currency. This very strong growth was driven primarily by our flagship security products, Kona Site Defender and Bot Manager, and also by our new Guardicore micro-segmentation solution to stop ransomware.
In Q1, we finalized the largest deal in Guardicore's history valued at more than $10 million over the next 3 years expanding our long-time relationship with 1 of the largest banks in the world. The size and scope of the deal illustrates why we're so excited about our opportunity in micro-segmentation.
Financial services firms, in particular, are frequent targets of ransomware and malware and large banks with security risks face financial penalties from regulators if they fail to address them. So from a compliance perspective, adopting micro-segmentation can reduce risk and prevent large fines in the process.
By reducing spending on their legacy static firewalls, the bank that's adopting our micro-segmentation solution will free up resources to implement stronger defenses as they move to a new Zero Trust security architecture. And by converting to our more flexible software-based solution, they can achieve greater agility to compete with fast-moving fintech services.
This example demonstrates how Guardicore can help Akamai expand long-time relationships with customers to become a more valuable strategic partner in the future. Guardicore is also helping us win new accounts in verticals such as critical infrastructure. For example, one of the largest railroads in the world recently became a multimillion dollar Guardicore customer.
On April 20, cybersecurity authorities in the U.S. and other major countries warned that the war in Ukraine raises the risk of cyber-attacks. Their recommended defenses align well to Akamai's security solutions for micro segmentation, DDoS protection and web app firewall.
Web application attacks experienced by customers grew by nearly 200% year-over-year in Q1, the largest increase we've seen in several years. Web app attacks are a critical vulnerability for any company moving to the cloud, building micro services or integrating third parties via APIs, which is why app and API protection is a critical priority for major enterprises.
Akamai is a leader in Gartner's Magic Quadrant for web app and API protection. And in Q1, Akamai's Web app and API protection are in Gartner Peer Insights Customers' Choice distinction for the third year in a row. Also in Q1, Forrester named Akamai a leader in its new way for micro-segmentation.
As we discussed during our last call with investors in February, we will be reporting on our delivery and compute product line separately going forward. In Q1, our delivery products generated revenue of $444 million, down 6% year-over-year and down 4% in constant currency. Revenue for our Compute Product group was $78 million in Q1, up 32% year-over-year and up 35% in constant currency.
As I mentioned earlier, traffic on our platform has been growing at a substantial rate. In fact, just last week, we set another record when we delivered over 250 terabits per second of peak traffic more than 20% higher than our previous peak reached in February.
The Akamai Edge platform continues to be the top choice for large media companies worldwide due to its unique scale and performance. In a recent review of CDN vendors worldwide, IDC said, "Akamai's balanced and comprehensive portfolio, spanning media and web delivery, emerging edge applications, extensive security capabilities and programmable edge addresses the needs of all enterprise segments and the developer community." The report also noted how Akamai's appetite for innovation is showcased by the fact that it continues to expand its services and capabilities beyond CDN to address new areas.
Akamai is the market leader in delivery by far and the income generated by our delivery business helps to fund our investments in the fast-growing areas of security and compute, including our game-changing acquisitions of Guardicore and Linode.
Our compute product group includes Akamai's capabilities in compute, storage, cloud optimization, developer tools, edge applications and now, Linode, which joined Akamai on March 21. We're encouraged by how customers and industry analysts have responded to our acquisition of Linode. In fact, several have used the word transformational to sum up the potential impact of our combination in the marketplace.
The CEO and Co-founder of Macrometa, a Linode partner that enables web and cloud developers to run and scale data-heavy real-time cloud applications has called Akamai's acquisition of Linode, a watershed moment for the cloud because it fundamentally reconfigures the landscape in many ways. Those are his words. And he says that Akamai provides that layer of reach and distribution in a way that cloud providers are very challenged to be able to do. "I'm excited about that," he said.
Of course, we're excited, too. Linode was an early pioneer in creating the market for alternative clouds, offering developers a platform to build new applications in ways that are simple to use and affordable. With high performance and competitive, transparent and predictable price points and backed by strong customer support after the sale.
Today, nearly 3/4 of enterprises are pursuing multi-cloud strategies, which means that new workloads will be cloud agnostic and portable, free to move and choose the best place to be. In fact, IDC just issued a report on workload deployment optimization that urges buyers to consider suppliers of infrastructure as a service beyond the hyperscalers. Our acquisition of Linode was the first alternative IDC highlighted as an example that can offer better cost and performance while retaining the level of redundancy and coverage demanded by enterprises.
In the coming years, we expect that customers will have a growing need for a continuum of compute from the cloud to the edge, to be closer where billions of end users are and where tens of billions of connected devices will be, especially as 5G and IoT take hold and grow. Building the bridge that enables developers to move from the cloud to the edge and have one place to build, run and secure apps is a key reason why we're expanding our offering with Linode.
At our Analyst Day coming up on May 18, we'll talk more about the potential for substantial future growth in this new and exciting part of Akamai's portfolio as we become the cloud company that powers and protects life online.
The soundness of our overall strategy was validated in visits I had with dozens of Akamai customers across EMEA and APJ last month. Common concerns expressed by customers and prospects included the war in Ukraine, the heightened level of cyber-attacks as well as risk to trade and supply chains, energy costs and currency valuations. Customers expressed very strong interest in our security strategy and Guardicore, in particular.
As you can imagine, their Boards are asking them how they can prevent a crippling ransomware attack. And Guardicore is the perfect solution. They know that malware always finds a way in. The key is identifying it and stopping it spread before it can cause serious damage. And that's exactly what Guardicore is designed to do.
Most of the customers I met with were also interested in exploring our cloud compute offering as a more affordable and easier way to build, run and secure their new applications. The tight labor market, employee attrition and the desire of employees to work remotely, we're also top of mind for customers in every location. Several companies that I met with are reducing their real estate footprint, and one of them told me they could only do this because they secure their remote work environments with Akamai's enterprise application access.
Here, at Akamai, we faced the same macro trends as our customers. But in spite of the headwinds, we feel good about the growing demand from customers for our security and compute solutions, the expertise of our team and the addition of capabilities and talent from Guardicore and Linode, and how all of this gives Akamai not 1, but 2 rapidly growing and highly synergistic businesses, further diversifying our revenue.
We've also performed well on the retention of our talent, employees appreciate our flexible workplace policy and culture of teamwork. Akamai scores very high on third-party rankings of the best places to work. I'm proud of the way that our employees have managed and I want to thank our extended team around the world for doing such a great job for our customers. They are truly making life better for billions of people, billions of times a day.
Now over to Ed for more on Q1 and our outlook for Q2 and the rest of the year. Ed?

Yes. This is Tom. Great questions. The traffic, I would say, growth moderation seems to be pretty much global. And that coincides with a pretty much global reduction in things like mask mandates and quarantines and so forth, except for China. And we don't do domestic to domestic delivery in China. So we wouldn't be able to see that. So there's no particular geographic dependence there.
And you're on a great point about counterbalance through security. Obviously, we're negatively impacted in terms of traffic and a few customers because of the war in Ukraine. On the other hand, attacks have gone way up -- the volume of attacks. And that's an area where we can really help our customers. And so they're -- they could have some counterbalance in terms of the security business. And obviously, as I mentioned, customers are really worried about ransomware attacks and malware, and we've got a great solution for that with Guardicore.
And as we talk about the macroeconomic challenges, the fears of a recession, the inflation, customers probably increasingly concerned about saving cost going forward, and that could provide some counterbalance as well. With our Linode solution, we're in a really good position to help major enterprises decrease their cloud spend. We find that many of them have seen that spend increase dramatically. And now they can use Linode for applications, especially enterprises that are already set up in a multi-cloud environment. They've got their applications in containers or VMs and they can easily move those to Linode and save money. So there could be some counterbalance here as we go forward. That's a very good observation.

We are not able to hear Ed. So I guess we're having a trouble with the operator with Ed. Or maybe -- Okay. Could you ask the question again, please?

That's a great question. And yes, CapEx is much more efficient. Of course, we're investing heavily to grow the Linode footprint. In terms of OpEx, we're always working to be more efficient with our OpEx to deliver traffic. And we're seeing the benefits of that even now, you look at the impact that FX, for example, is having on our operating margin and then having less traffic and yet still, we were at 29% to 30% with op margin for this year and now will be, I think, really closer to the low end of that range, but it's because that we've been able to be much more efficient on OpEx that we can hold it there and not be lower than that.
And of course, we are -- also, it's important that we are going to continue to invest certainly in security and compute. We don't want a what -- to be a very temporary solution with FX to induce us to do something that would hurt us long term with our growth in security and compute. And you look at our business today, and I think it's pretty important to note that the majority of our revenue is now security and compute. And that is growing currently at over 25%, as reported.
And so the last thing we want to do is somehow scale back investment there when it's just a fabulous couple of businesses just because there's stuff going on with FX and the macro and economic environment.
And Ed is trying to get back on, but we can keep going and I'll do my best Ed imitation in the meantime.

We can. Very good.

Yes. Obviously, very early days, but we're really excited about the potential for that traction. I give you just one anecdote. I was in Europe meeting customers last month and met with one of our major media workflow partners. And I was going to go to talk to them about Linode because they have a big cloud spend, and we feel that could be really relevant for moving to Linode. They're very happy Akamai partners and customers. And I was going to tell him about the acquisition, but I get there, we shake hands. First thing he says is, wow, great acquisition. And he's the CEO, but it turns out he has a pass as a developer, knew about Linode, loves them. And he's into multi-cloud and he said, look, what we did is we already have our workflow apps and containers. And so thought what the heck, let's try it. So they moved over to Linode and he said it worked great. And he said we're going to save money to boot. And it's really easy to use. And we didn't even know because Linode really is easy to use, that we didn't know this was even taking place.
So I do think we're in an excellent position to not only increase their existing Linode customer base, but provide Linode capabilities to major enterprises. And of course, Linode really appeals to developers. And increasingly, developers are making the decisions or heavily influencing the decisions at major enterprises as was an example in this case.

Yes. And to Ed's point, it's not direct on us. But there is some concern among our media customers in terms of subscriptions and how their business is doing. And so we're just keeping an eye on that in terms of the end users reacting and cutting cost and consuming less online. So I don't think that's a major factor yet, but it's something we're keeping an eye on.

Yes. Just to add to that, in terms of investment and opportunities, obviously, scale is something we're really good at and distribution, which we're putting a lot of effort into. And our customer banks, which Linode really hadn't tapped into.
And being a smaller company, probably a little harder for them to go after major enterprises in terms of the credibility and so forth, but that's really easy for us to do. And just as I talked about with examples before, you take Linode's ease of use and our customer base and those customers that are multi-cloud and have their apps and containers, they can move them over, and save money when they do it and bring it closer to their delivery and security, which is -- has been Akamai and where the market leader is at. So I think there's a really great opportunity to jump-start significant growth among major enterprises for Linode.

Yes. That's another great point. The hyperscalers have a lot of managed services and added functionality on their platform, which Linode does. Now if you're the kind of company that likes to do those things yourself, well, that's easy to do on Linode. If you're the kind of company that wants that done by your cloud provider, well, Linode doesn't do that today. Now over time, we will be adding more and more capabilities there. So it really -- so today, I wouldn't say that every customer would be in a position to move everything over to Linode. That is certainly not the case. But I think there is a pretty significant segment where it can be done and does make sense to do. And over time, we want to grow the kinds of -- the number and the types of applications that will make sense to move on to Linode.
And it is helpful that certainly, our customer base is already using us for market-leading delivery, market-leading app acceleration and market-leading security. So there's a lot of synergy there. And I think the combination of that synergy, ease of use and cost savings is a pretty exciting combination.

Yes, it was way above certainly the first year and very strong the second year. And I would say in comparison to small decrease in growth rate. Still growing very strong, but less than, I think, had been expected. And we're seeing that the same for the Internet as a whole. Now -- and we're also seeing our growth be stronger than the Internet as a whole, which is good. That's what we want to keep seeing because it means we're taking more of the Internet traffic when that happens.
So I would say the step down we've seen so far is less than the step-ups that we've seen. And I think that's because a lot of the increased use of the Internet for everything, for video, for gaming, for commerce, remote work. I think a lot of that is here to stay. But right now, with all the restrictions coming off, except for China, I think that's a big part of why we're seeing a little bit of a decrease in traffic growth rates right now.

No, you're right. It's just the pie is not growing as fast. The pie is not shrinking. The pie is just not growing as fast. And we believe, based on talking to our customers and our carrier partners and what we see that our share of the pie is stable or growing, and that we are not on balance losing share of the pie.

Well, as best we're hearing as sort of the first and third, there's fewer subscriptions in some cases. Some cases, subscriptions reversing. Some cases, when the subscriptions are okay, there's traffic growth, but slower traffic growth than they had anticipated and that they had seen before.
And so I think part of that is that people are just out more right now. Also on the commerce side, and there's been public reports about this, that more brick-and-mortar sales than there have been and a little bit less on the online side, which is understandable, I think, given that people are apparently out and about more with less restrictions.
So I think there's sort of a variety of factors and it's early days here, and probably we'll learn a lot more over the next couple of months.

Yes. This is Tom. On the network side, that would be Prolexic, which is our DDoS mitigation service doing very well. And we've seen a lot of attacks over the last year, especially around ransom or extortion DDoS attacks, and we've been in a great position to -- I had a lot of customers, major enterprises that were going to be potential victims of those attacks. Also, we have DNS capabilities, which are widely used as part of the network security product lines. And I would say, doing very well.

Yes. And those are all part of our app and API protection group, which is where we're seeing the reacceleration Ed talked about.

Yes. On the first question, I think Analyst Day structurally look a lot like it did last year. So we will look at long-term CAGRs, what we're trying to achieve. We'll talk a lot about the compute business and our overall strategy. So high level, similar to what you saw last year in terms of the structure. Obviously, there's a lot of cool new things to talk about with our new products, the acquisitions, Guardicore, Linode and the compute product line, we're pretty excited about.

Yes. And that's one of the really nice things about our business now as we really are diversified. The majority of our revenue is now security and compute, not delivery, which is a pretty big milestone for a company that not too long ago was known as a CDN or a delivery company. And so when you do have these external factors that can hurt one side of the business, they might help other sides of the business. For example, security being tied to the war in Ukraine, or inflation driving a need to cut costs and now we have a really good answer for our customers with Linode. So it puts our business in a much stronger position, and we're much more diversified than we've ever been.

Yes. We've been working on edge computing, doing edge computing services for close to 20 years. We have the edge worker solution that has function as a service and thousands of POPs around the world, HKB database capability. And more and more applications having -- our customers having an interest in having them work at the edge. You get tremendous scalability, instant scalability, you can spin up your edge worker app a few milliseconds and be really close to the end user. And I think we get more business there as you go forward, more and more of our customers are using it as they move to the -- an API model and as you get 5G and as you get IoT and you have more demand for lower latency and scalability at the edge.
And of course, Linode is really exciting because now you get the core cloud compute capability. So you can just take your container -- your app and the container and move it over to Akamai, and have the whole thing end-to-end from the core of the cloud to the edge. You can build your app on Akamai. You can run it on Akamai. You could deliver it on Akamai. You can do the compute you need at the real edge in thousands of places. And of course, we'll wrap it all in security for you.
So I think compute is strong on its own from what we had. Now you get more strength with Linode and then you wrap it all together in the Akamai platform, which is really unique in terms of having 4,000 POPs. There is nothing like it in terms of having a true edge network, the scalability you get and the performance you get from that.

Yes. We're continuing to look at possible acquisitions. Obviously, we've done 2 large ones in a short period of time. I don't expect that to be the norm. We're generating a lot of cash, and we're going to use that to reinvest in the business, particularly in security and compute. So it's not impossible over time. You'll see other acquisitions like that. And probably, several smaller acquisitions like we've always done. Tech tuck-ins, adjacent products.
So I think what you've seen is what you'll get, but not 2 big ones right away. That's not the norm. But we saw a real chance to have a game changer in enterprise security with Guardicore. Really, the right product to stop ransomware and a game changer in Linode, a leading alternative cloud that gives us -- really completes the Akamai picture, I would say, in terms of powering and protecting life online, being able to build, run, deliver, accelerate and secure your app all in 1 platform is really exciting for us.