Thanks, Tom, and thank you all for joining us today. Akamai delivered excellent results in the first quarter. Revenue was a record $669 million, up 11% over Q1 of last year, with strong performance across all sectors of the business. 
Q1 non-GAAP EPS was $0.79 per diluted share, up 22% year-over-year. This very strong result was driven by the acceleration in our revenue growth rate, the impact of the cost reductions that we made in the fourth quarter of last year and a lower tax rate. 
EBITDA margins in Q1 improved to 38% and non-GAAP operating margins were 25%. We expect further improvements in margins by the end of the year, in part because of the additional cost reduction actions that we took in Q1. And we're continuing our work to find a path to achieve non-GAAP operating margins of 30% in 2020 while also continuing to invest in the development of new products to fuel our future growth. 
Our security portfolio was again the fastest growing part of our business in Q1 with revenue of $149 million, up 36% over Q1 of last year. The strong growth of our security business was driven by our market-leading Kona Site Defender and Prolexic Solutions as well as our new Bot Manager Premier and Nominum services. Each of these solutions has proven to be highly effective against very large and sophisticated cyber attacks. 
For example, in February, we used our Prolexic Solution to defend one of our customers against what we believe to be the largest DDoS attack ever recorded, deflecting more than 1.3 terabits per second of attack traffic. It's always hard to comprehend numbers this big, but to put it into context, 1.3 terabits per second of attack traffic is enough to overwhelm most data centers and Internet service providers, and even many countries' Internet connections to the rest of the world. It's also more than double the amount of traffic we saw from the Mirai IoT botnet attacks in late 2016. 
In another example, a few weeks ago, we used our Bot Manager Premier and Kona Site Defender Solutions to defend a large ecommerce customer against one of the most sophisticated bot attacks that we've ever seen. In this case, the attacker was attempting to buy out the site's entire inventory during a promotional sales event so that they could later resell the merchandise at a higher price on the gray market. The attacker deployed a very large botnet to generate 800,000 transactions per minute, more than 100x normal. But Akamai was able to accurately detect and filter out the malicious transaction request and only allow legitimate users into the site to buy the merchandise. 
Bot Manager Premier uses sophisticated AI and machine learning technology to analyze the motions and actions on the requesting device in order to distinguish between human neuromuscular signatures and machine-generated requests. This technology is especially effective in forwarding bots that are trying to take over end user accounts. 
At the recent RSA Conference in San Francisco, a leader at one of the world's largest financial institutions told me that when they deployed Bot Manager Premier, the number of their accounts that were compromised by bots dropped from over 8,000 per month to just 1 or 2 per month. That's not 1,000 or 2,000 per month, it's now literally just 1 or 2 compromised accounts per month. And that resulted in tens of millions of dollars in direct annual savings due to the decrease in fraud. As you might imagine, they are a very happy Akamai customer.
It's because of such impactful capabilities that the financial services industry is one of our largest and fastest growing verticals. Of the over 500 financial institutions that we service, over 400 use our security solutions, including all top 25 U.S. banks and 22 of the top 25 in Europe. 
Another key differentiator of our security solutions is the enormous volume of data that we see on our platform. By analyzing and processing this data with advanced AI and machine learning algorithms, we can quickly identify malicious entities and then use that information to protect our customers from a wide variety of attacks. 
For example, with the addition of Nominum, we now process 1.7 trillion Domain Name System, or DNS queries, per day for over 100 million domains. The DNS namespace evolves quite rapidly, especially for domains that are associated with botnets and other malicious activity. On a typical day, we identify 5 million new core domains, many of which turn out to be malicious. And we block access to over 1 million malicious domains every day, thereby, helping to keep our customers and their end-users safe. 
Our suite of security solutions was an important contributor to the revenue in our Web Division. In Q1, Web Division customers generated $353 million in revenue, up 16% over Q1 of last year. Web Division revenue was also driven by the continued success of our flagship Ion solution, along with our new Image Manager and digital performance management solutions. 
Across the company, we now have over 1,000 customers using our new solutions. The revenue from these solutions in Q1 was more than triple the revenue from Q1 of last year and is now on a run rate of well over $100 million per year. 
Revenue for our Media and Carrier Division in Q1 was $316 million, up 6% over Q1 of last year. This much improved result is a consequence of the work we've been doing to improve our traffic share in the top 250 global media accounts. In fact, traffic growth on the Akamai platform overall in Q1 accelerated over the already high rates that we saw in the second half of last year, and it remains well beyond reported industry norms. The traffic growth in Q1 was especially strong in our OTT and gaming sectors. 
Akamai has delivered several notable sporting events so far in 2018, including most of all the major sporting events online. In one of the most exciting, Akamai set a record for concurrent viewers of a sporting event with our delivery of the Indian Premier League's cricket match on April 25. As the exclusive CDN for Hotstar, India's largest premium streaming platform, we delivered video to nearly 7 million concurrent viewers, 98% of whom were using mobile devices and 89% of whom connected through a cellular network. We believe this is the model for the future: media companies relying on Akamai for secure delivery of high-quality video streams to many millions and someday potentially billions of mobile devices around the world. 
In summary, I'm very pleased with our Q1 results. It was great to see the continued, very strong performance of our security business, which now has a revenue run rate of $600 million per year; the much improved performance and growth of our Media and Carrier Division; the acceleration and revenue growth for the company overall; the improvement in margins; and the very strong growth in the bottom line. 
As I look to the future, I believe that Akamai has tremendous potential and that we're well positioned to capitalize on significant market opportunities in areas such as cloud security, mobile and web performance management, OTT video streaming and the Internet of Things. 
We're continuing to invest in innovation and new capabilities to drive future revenue growth while also having the discipline to effectively manage costs and our effort to further expand margins and profitability. 
We believe that our unique technology, unparalleled Edge platform, strong relationships with the world's leading carriers and major enterprises, highly talented and hard-working employee base, strong corporate culture and our relentless and personalized attention to customers and partners all provide Akamai with a foundation for a very bright future that creates value for our shareholders, customers and employees. 
I'll now turn the call over to Jim to review our financials and guidance for the year. Jim?

Yes, I don't think we've seen a huge inflection point in OTT traffic. I think there's strong and steady growth. And as we talk about, we're certainly growing our market share there. We're growing at a much faster rate in terms of the traffic, and that's in part because of the focus on the top 250 media customers, in part because of the quality levels we can deliver, in part because of our unique scale. So there's a lot of reasons for that. But I'd say it's early days compared to where this can ultimately go. In terms of M&A, I'll let Jim talk about the cash,  but our approach to M&A I think is the same as it's been. We're interested in companies that have technology that we can embed in our platform, bring to bear for the benefit of our customers, maybe an important and product adjacency for example, Prolexic, Cyberfend is another example there. So the kinds of things that we've been doing in M&A, I think, is what you'd see us continue to do in the future. And Jim, would you like to talk about cash?

Well, as we talked about before, live events, when you have a lot of them, can be helpful in boosting overall revenue. But the majority of OTT traffic and revenue is on-demand and linear is a component there as well. So live events are exciting. You see a lot of new technology there. You see the new traffic records take place there. They're very important to a lot of the big media companies. They generally turn to Akamai there because of the scale and the quality and our help getting a really good event to take place. But the lion share of the revenue is the day-to-day, the video-on-demand, and that's an area we put a lot of effort into as well.

Well, as we talked about, it's early days for our enterprise security products, there are Enterprise Application Access and Enterprise Threat Protector. We think there's a very bright future for our enterprise security offerings and our success will be well beyond $100 million in revenue. We now are up to 100 customers, so very early days there. Very pleased to see the traction that our road map and viewpoint is having with customers around the notions of 0 trust and the future of enterprise networking and security, but still early days there. But optimistic in terms of the future.

And let me just add. Nominum is important to us for beyond just the direct revenue and of course, the carrier relationships. Because of Nominum, we now see an enormous number of the DNS transactions. And we're in a unique position to identify the botnets and malicious activities in close to real-time. And that's really useful for making our other security products where we're selling directly to enterprises be a lot stronger in terms of identifying malicious activities. In particular, Enterprise Threat Protector, which we can now leverage the data and the knowledge about the bad entities in Enterprise Threat Protector. So there's indirect benefits as well. It really, as you go forward, I think in cybersecurity, the access to the data and being able to process it in near real-time with the latest in AI and machine learning capabilities gives us a great leg up on potential competition.

Yes. Well, we've done that for a long time, a really long time. Now as we -- and we continue to work in that area, particularly as we support non-HTTP protocols, as we support containers at the Edge for IoT kinds of services. But that's not a new thing. I think some of the applications coming in IoT are pretty exciting that we'll probably talk more about that at the Investor Day.

To your second question, we're just beginning with OTT and online gaming. We talk about some of these events that have still single-digit million concurrent viewers, tens of terabits a second of traffic, teens really. And those numbers can grow by 1 to 2 orders of magnitude. So huge potential future growth there. So it's not the kind of thing that I think about OTT and gaming and saying, okay, that's done. We're just at the very beginning there. And there's a lot of innovation that still we are working on to be able to deliver at enormous scales and make that be affordable, make it be really high quality and secure. In terms of things that are totally different and in the future, I think IoT is a very exciting area as billions of smart devices get connected, probably not communicating using HTTP, but need to communicate. You need real-time command and control data aggregation, alerting. These are things that Akamai is really good at. Having compute at the Edge close to the device, again, something that Akamai is really good at. And we'll probably be talking more about that at our Investor Day in June. But that's an area that I think we have a great future in. But really, really early days and an area that we're investing in.

Sure. In the multiplayer game, today, with our gaming business, the revenue is primarily derived from handling the software downloads and updates to the devices. That's the large majority of the revenue. I think as you look to the future, actually handling the metadata around the games is a very interesting challenge, especially as this gets done more in the cloud and maybe less on individual devices. And that's an area that we're certainly exploring. Whether we'd actually be delivering the video for a game where it's not being generated locally, I don't know. We certainly have that capability. That would come down to the economics. But all the control infrastructure associated, and again, this has to do with the Internet of Things as a whole. Gaming is one example of that. That's an area where we've got, I think, a lot of value to add. In terms of the security products, I would say for defending websites and applications against an aisle of service attacks and application layer attacks, we're really doing a great job there. Pretty unique in being able to offer the end-to-end solution that really works. Now of course, the bad guys are always upping their game. And that's, I think, why our bot management solution is being so successful today because it really can stop the account takeovers. And that has enormous value to a lot of our customers. I think -- so there's a lot of work to keep up in doing that and staying ahead of the attackers. Now a whole new area where we're just entering is in the enterprise security, and that's blocking malware, protecting the enterprise employees and data. It's enabling enterprise security in a world of 0 trust, where you just can't rely on your firewall anymore and you can't trust the entities inside the corporate network. That is a transformation of enterprise networking and security that is just starting and I think that is an enormous future market. You just see all the damage being caused today by the data breaches. Clearly, there is no end-to-end solution there today that really you can rely on or you wouldn't be having all these data breaches. And that's an area that we think, over time, we can have a comprehensive solution. Today, we're just in the first products to help combat that. It's an area we're making investments towards being able to really support an enterprise as they move beyond the traditional notion of a firewall and to protect them in a world of 0 trust. And that has very large -- I think, a very large potential market.

You mean the traffic growth levels?

Yes. No, our traffic growth has accelerated substantially, and it is at a very strong clip now and well ahead of other reports you can see about traffic growth. And especially in OTT, which is where we're putting a lot of effort. So I think we're very pleased to see our traffic growth rates.

Yes. So we had today Enterprise Application Access and Enterprise Threat Protector. The next version of Enterprise Threat Protector will incorporate Secure Web Gateway functionality and strengthening that. And I think the foundation of the 0 trust model to protect enterprises, that starts with Enterprise Application Access where the access to the internal application by the employee or the consultant would come through Akamai. And then, we layer on top of that products like Kona Site Defender and Bot Manager for that matter so that we apply the same level of defenses to your internal apps from your internal employees as you would for an external app that clearly is subject to attack by any entity. And that's based on the belief that today, the bad guys can get around pretty much any of the traditional enterprise defenses. Now in terms of go-to-market, it's -- one of the reasons we're so excited to have Scott Lovett join us to run our global web sales is that he's got a lot of experience in selling a wide variety of security products, both from McAfee and from Cisco. And he's engaging very quickly there. And I'm excited about his ability to help us in terms of helping establish that industry. It's very early days in the next generation of enterprise security, and I think he'll be a great leader in going to market there.

Well, obviously, the more people that are subscribing and watching video online, the greater potential market for Akamai. And we have a large share of that market. So no, our business, as we talk about, is rapidly growing in terms of overall traffic and now growing in terms of revenue. But the more video subscriptions there are, the better that is, generally speaking, for Akamai.

I think pretty near term. As people subscribe and start watching, traffic would flow across our platform if we're carrying it, and often, we are. And then we'd be billing for that traffic as it flows. So I would say it's a very close correlation in terms of people watching and ultimate revenue to Akamai.