Thanks, Tom, and thank you all for joining us today. Akamai delivered excellent results in the fourth quarter. Revenue was $713 million, up 8% over Q4 of 2017 and up 10% in constant currency.
Q4 non-GAAP EPS was $1.07 per diluted share, up 51% year-over-year and up 52% in constant currency. These very strong results were driven by the continued rapid growth of our security business, the continued improvement in our Media and Carrier Division and a robust holiday commerce season in our Web Division.
Our bottom line also benefited from a lower tax rate and from our continued focus on operational excellence. EBITDA margins in Q4 expanded to 42% and non-GAAP operating margins expanded to 28%. Q4 marked our fifth consecutive quarter of increasing margins, and we anticipate further margin expansion in 2019. We also have clear line of sight to achieving non-GAAP operating margins of 30% in 2020 while continuing to invest in innovation and new products to drive our future growth.
For the full year, revenue was $2.7 billion, up 9% over the prior year. Non-GAAP EPS for 2018 was $3.62, up a full $1 or 38% over 2017. We're especially pleased to report that we generated over $1 billion in cash from operations last year. This was up 26% over 2017 and represented 37% of our revenue.
In Q4, our security portfolio continued to be the fastest growing part of our business with revenue of $185 million, up a very strong 38% year-over-year in constant currency. Security accounted for 26% of our total revenue last quarter and our security business exited 2018 with a revenue run rate of $750 million per year.
We now expect our security business to top the $1 billion mark in annualized revenues in 2020. That's a remarkable milestone, but we're not planning to stop there. With our acquisition of Janrain, which closed on January 23, and the development of our new zero trust enterprise security solution, we anticipate that our security business will continue to grow at a very fast pace for many years to come.
Janrain establishes Akamai as the market leader in the customer identity and access management space. Their solutions are designed to manage user logins and data for major consumer-facing websites. They verify the identity of the end user and make sure that the user experience is optimized and secure. Janrain does this in part by keeping track of how users access their accounts. For example, which devices they use and from which locations. We believe that we can use this data to help strengthen all our security solutions. And by combining Janrain's technology with our Bot Manager solution, we believe that we can make it even harder for attackers to hack into or steal user accounts. Janrain will also help us protect enterprises from data breaches. That's because Janrain stores user information so that the enterprise doesn't have to. And if an enterprise doesn't keep user information, like usernames, passwords, phone numbers and addresses, then it can't be stolen from that enterprise in a data breach.
Keeping user data safe means more than just not having it stolen. It also means complying with the various data privacy laws that are being adopted by governments around the world and it means helping end-users have more control over who gets access to their data and what they can do with it. This is going to be increasingly important in the future, and we believe that our unique security solutions can help position Akamai as the company that can be trusted in a world where big tech companies are being called out for their questionable uses of personal information.
As we look forward, we're also excited about our new zero trust enterprise security solution. Last quarter, we signed our first zero trust deal worth more than $1 million per year. And we sold it to a manufacturer in Asia. Now as most of you know, manufacturing is not a vertical known for buying our traditional web services. But manufacturing companies do care about cybersecurity and protecting their enterprise, and the same is true for just about every major company today.
And so with our enterprise security solutions, we see an opportunity to dramatically expand the range of companies that we can serve. And since companies typically spend more on enterprise security than they do on web security, we expect this emerging business to have a more meaningful impact on our revenue beginning in 2020.
We're also continuing to invest in other innovative technologies that could bring substantial future returns. For example, today, we announced a new joint venture with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group of Japan. The joint venture will offer a new blockchain-based online payment platform called Global Open Network or GO-NET for short. GO-NET is designed to enable next-generation digital financial transactions to be scalable, fast, efficient and secure. The new platform is expected to become available in the first half of 2020.
We were also very pleased to see the continued improvement in our media and carrier business in Q4. Traffic growth last quarter remained very strong in our OTT and gaming sectors. And in December, we achieved another record for peak traffic, driven by software downloads from Microsoft and Fortnite and streaming of the UEFA Champions League. We continue to grow traffic faster than the Internet as a whole in Q4, which means that we continue to gain share. And because of our relentless focus on efficiency, we actually spent less on network cost in 2018 than we spent in the prior year.
Overall, we're very pleased with the progress we made last year. We accelerated revenue growth. We made dramatic improvements to our margins. We grew non-GAAP EPS by nearly 40%. We developed innovative new technology that we believe will drive substantial revenue growth in the future, and we delivered excellent value to our customers, further decreasing our already low customer churn rate. And we managed to do all this while keeping Akamai a great place to work where corporate social responsibility is a strong part of our culture.
For example, we ranked as one of the Forbes Just 100 companies, doing right by treating workers and customers well, protecting privacy, producing quality products, minimizing our environmental impact, giving back to our communities and by providing ethical leadership. We ranked as one of the Best Employers for Diversity out of 50,000 U.S. firms with more than 1,000 employees. And we scored a perfect 100 on the Human Rights Campaign's Corporate Equality Index.
I'd like to take this opportunity to thank all of the talented employees on our global team for all their hard work on behalf of our customers and shareholders in 2018. Because of their continued innovation and great customer service, Akamai is very well positioned for the years ahead.
I also want to take this opportunity to say a special thank you to Jim Benson. As you may have seen in today's press release, Jim is planning to retire from Akamai later this year. And he'll be transitioning his CFO duties to Ed McGowan in March. Jim has been a great CFO, and I'm very grateful to him for his many contributions to Akamai's growth and future success. Over the last 10 years, Jim has developed an outstanding finance organization and he's instilled a strong operational and financial discipline across the company. He's been a great business partner, not only for me but for the entire Akamai senior leadership team and the board. His many contributions to Akamai will be fondly remembered for many years to come. Although Jim is stepping out of the CFO role after filing the 10-K in March, I'm very pleased that he'll be staying on as an executive adviser to help ensure a smooth transition.
While we're sad to see Jim leave, we're also delighted about Ed's promotion to CFO. Ed is a highly accomplished finance executive and an 18-year veteran of Akamai with broad knowledge of our business, our customers and the industry. He began his career with us in finance and sales operations and then took on executive roles in corporate development and global media and carrier sales. Most recently, Ed served as SVP in Finance, overseeing business finance, customer revenue operations and FP&A as well as leading a key transformation project to drive increased levels of sustained, profitable growth. Having worked closely with Ed for over a decade, I'm looking forward to benefiting from his experience and knowledge in the role of CFO as we work to deliver profitable growth for our shareholders in 2019 and beyond.
Now I'll turn the call over to Jim to review our Q4 and 2018 results and then Ed will share our guidance for Q1 and 2019 as well as some preliminary thoughts about 2020. Jim?

Yes. We're seeing strong adoption across the board starting with DDoS, then with Kona Site Defender, which protects applications from being corrupted or taken over or the website content from being corrupted, theft during transactions. Bot Manager, as we've talked about before, is our fastest new selling product in memory. The majority of transactions today are no longer human. There's bots. And particularly the bots that are trying to take over user accounts. The vast majority of logins today are not legitimate people, but bots who are trying out stolen credentials, so very strong adoption across the board. And we're starting to get traction now with our zero trust enterprise security solution. As I mentioned, we signed up our first $1 million a year customer. And what was really nice about that is it came from an account that would never have likely bought our normal content delivery, web acceleration products. So the security business just across the board is doing very well.

It's both. The large fraction of our new customer bookings are for security today and we are getting good upsell with the new products within the existing base, for example, Bot Manager being a new product. With our enterprise security offerings, early days, but there's both new customers, like the one that became our $1 million customer. They weren't a customer before but also selling that within existing accounts. So I would say both are strong, new customers and upselling the new security offerings within existing accounts.

Yes. We anticipate continuing a very strong growth rate, probably not in the 30s over the next couple of years, but I would say certainly in the 20%, mid-20%. We did benefit last year from the acquisition of Nominum and their security products, which are doing quite well. But with the acquisition, we got a boost in 2018. In terms of pricing, pricing is very strong. We have unique capabilities and they are very much needed by major enterprises. So we're in a very strong position there to be able to maintain growth.

Yes. Some of the largest Internet platform companies have do-it-yourself efforts. They are used for large software downloads, some basic delivery. Our services, we believe, are a lot more effective at doing this, offer a lot more scalability and higher quality. And that's the reason there's so few of the companies that really can think about affording to do it themselves because that's a big cost for them. I don't see any fundamental change in that landscape. In general, the competitive landscape as a whole hasn't really changed all that much. There's a lot of competitors. The folks that have been doing CDN for a long, long time. Plenty of start-ups out there trying to get in the business and of course, the do-it-yourself, no fundamental change. We, I think, continue to gain share. And we do that through superior performance, competitive pricing, the largest scale that's available on the Internet. And increasingly, our security solutions are very helpful for us in terms of gaining share, especially with the performance solutions. We sell packages, Protect & Perform. And the same platform that accelerates the site or delivers the content secures it. And security is really important for our customers. And nobody really is in a position to offer the kinds of capabilities that we do there.

Doing very well. Obviously, early days, but we had very strong bookings this year, up substantially over 2017. And we're anticipating even stronger bookings next year. So I would say we're very pleased with the progress in enterprise security. I think in the long run, it should be a bigger business than the web security business. You think about enterprises, more of them, almost all of them, in fact, care about enterprise security and only really certain verticals are focused on web security, which is our current product set. And the amount of money that enterprises spend today on firewalls and trying to prevent data breaches is much greater than what companies will spend on securing a website. So I think the market's bigger. And I think we're really at the cusp of a major change in how enterprises secure themselves. The notion of zero trust, everybody is talking about that now. It'll take years for enterprises really to fully make the transition, but the first customers now are embracing that and adopting zero trust solutions. So I think a very exciting future.

And on your question about selling the security solutions, we made a lot of progress there. Pretty much all of the sales force is expected to be able to sell security solutions, and they're doing that. With the Kona sales, the CSO or the security organization, pretty much always involved there, even though that's sold for the website. With the Bot Manager product and being all about fraud prevention there, that's the security organization typically heavily engaged with that. Prolexic, that's a data center protection level sale, really nothing to do with the website per se. It protects all the assets in the data center. So there we're dealing with the data center networking security side of the house. We're putting a lot of effort in our marketing to get better known as a security company. This past year, we hired a new Global Head of Web Sales, Scott Lovett, who's well-known as a security expert. In fact, the large majority of our new customer bookings are led by security now. So I would say we're doing very well in making the transition in terms of a sales force that sells CDN to a sales force that sells security. Now the zero trust solutions is the next step in that direction, and we're off to a good start there.

I think the vast majority of it will be WAF and DDoS in 2020. We do command a very strong share because we have really unique capabilities there in the market. Now that said, over the longer term, we're looking for the non-WAF items, particularly enterprise security, zero trust, to drive a lot of growth. We also get -- smaller contributions would be from Nominum with their enterprise security solutions that we sell actually to carriers and they provide it as a channel. And there's smaller pieces here and there with fast DNS. But the vast majority is WAF and DDoS. And I think it'll take a little bit of time for the other pieces really, which will be led by enterprise security and the zero trust solutions to be a big share of that. I would count Bot Manager as part of WAF when I'm taking -- when I say Bot Manager, that's part of WAF because that's a very fast-growing product and that's a pretty good share of what we'll see in 2020.

Yes. Without talking about timing, we work with all the companies that have been rumored to have OTT offers. And as Ed talked about before, it's really hard to predict timing and scale, success, adoption and those kinds of things so we tend to take a pretty conservative view there in terms of our guidance. I think if you look longer term and what could be on a global basis for OTT, there's tremendous opportunity for growth. If you get to the point where the majority of TV or video watching is done online, which a lot of people think will happen and it's done at high quality, say, at least 10 megabits per second, there's the opportunity for orders of magnitude of increased traffic. Now timing on that is really hard to predict. As you know, there's a couple of companies that either do it all themselves, and so we don't participate in their revenue. But for the large majority of the OTT providers, those that are setting up new services, both here and globally, we have very good relationships and are in a position to benefit.

Yes. And in terms of the churn rate, that's all about making the customer happy, providing great performance. We have great professional services. Our people are really great and the customers like that. Innovative new products, our customers want to see a road map and investment in innovation to help them stay ahead of the game. A low rate of service incidents, things that go wrong. And we listen to our customers and engage with them and provide them the level of service that they're looking for. So in general, our customers are very, very happy with Akamai. And that's directly reflected in a very low churn rate, and we are very pleased to see it decrease further in Q4 and 2018.