Thanks, Tom, and thank you all for joining us today. Akamai delivered excellent results in the fourth quarter. Revenue was $772 million, up 8% over Q4 in 2018 and up 9% in constant currency. This very strong result was driven by the continued rapid growth of our security business, a better-than-expected holiday commerce season and substantial increases in traffic for our media customers. 
Our non-GAAP operating margin in Q4 was 29%, up 1 point over Q4 in 2018. Q4 non-GAAP EPS was $1.23 per diluted share, up 15% year-over-year and up 16% in constant currency. These excellent results were due to our strong revenue growth, the benefit from cost reductions made over the past year and a lower tax rate. 
For the full year, we exceeded our projections on both the top and bottom lines. Revenue was $2.89 billion, up 8% over the prior year in constant currency. We're especially pleased to report that we expanded non-GAAP operating margin to 29% in 2019, up substantially from 24% in 2017 and putting us very close to our target of 30% operating margin in 2020. Non-GAAP EPS for 2019 was $4.49, up $0.87 or 24% over 2018. We generated $1.1 billion in cash from operations last year. 
In Q4, our Security portfolio continued to be the fastest-growing part of our business, with revenue of $238 million, up a very strong 29% year-over-year in constant currency. Security revenue for the year was $849 million and represented 29% of our total revenue in 2019. We believe that our Security business is poised to make Akamai one of the very few publicly traded companies that generate more than $1 billion in annual revenue from cybersecurity solutions. 
In 2019, over 1,500 enterprises relied on our market-leading Kona Site Defender and Bot Manager solutions to defend against more than 46 billion malicious log-in attempts and 6 billion web application attacks, an increase of 150% over 2018. Both these services continue to be recognized as best-in-class by the leading analyst firms. 
For example, last quarter, and for the second year in a row, Akamai was named as a leader in Gartner's report on critical capabilities for cloud web application firewall services and we received the highest scores in 2 key use cases. Just last month, Forrester named Akamai as a leader in its New Wave Bot Management competitive vendor evaluation. They said, "Akamai leads the pack with robust attack response and reporting capabilities." And they called us the best fit for companies looking to thwart bots at the edge. That's important because we believe that the edge is the only place where you can successfully defend against large-scale bot attacks. 
Last quarter, Forrester also elevated Akamai to the leaders category in its Zero Trust eXtended platform wave, awarding us the highest possible scores in 5 areas, including workforce security, zero trust vision and strategy. 
I'm especially excited about our continued innovation in cybersecurity, which has resulted in the development of several new products that will leverage the strength of our edge platform and that we believe can drive continuing growth going forward. These new products include Secure Web Gateway, Identity Cloud, Enterprise Defender, Multi-Factor Authentication and Page Integrity Manager. 
Page Integrity Manager addresses a new and rapidly growing attack that most organizations have no visibility into or defenses for, leaving them exposed to data breaches and regulatory actions. The challenge is that most of the content on a typical website or app today comes from third-party software or scripts for things like ads, analytics, social media and so on. The problem with third-party content is that it's hard to keep track of and to make sure that it's safe. And increasingly, it's not safe. That's because attackers have figured out that they don't have to steal personal information directly from the website. Instead, they steal it from end users by using malware that they've inserted into the third-party content. 
Akamai Page Integrity Manager is designed to protect our customers' users from malware, no matter where it comes from, and also to alert our customers when we find malware on their site or on sites that they link to. Initial customer interest in this new service has been very high, and we're looking forward to exiting beta and selling this product more widely later in the year. 
Our Media and Carrier Division also performed well in the fourth quarter due to strong demand for OTT video services and software and gaming downloads. In Q4, we continued to grow traffic on our platform much faster than published growth rates for the Internet as a whole, meaning that we continue to gain traffic share. And on December 3, we set an incredible record for peak traffic in 2019 of 121 terabits per second, demonstrating the enormous and unmatched scale of the Akamai Edge platform. 
This record didn't last long though, as we've already delivered more traffic on multiple occasions during the first 5 weeks of 2020. In fact, I checked our traffic stats just a few minutes ago, and it looks like we're currently delivering about 140 terabits per second from the Akamai Edge platform. 
It's important to note that these traffic levels are not like the theoretical capacity that some competitors in the marketplace claim. 
Our numbers measure the actual traffic that we deliver on behalf of our customers. It's also important to realize that the only way to really get anywhere close to Akamai's scale is by having a true edge platform. That's because you need to be very close to end users in order to gain access to the last-mile bandwidth necessary to deliver large amounts of traffic with great performance. If you try to deliver content from the data centers at the core of the Internet, you run into problems with performance and scale as the traffic gets clogged at Internet peering points before it reaches the last mile. 
Delivering from the core is also more costly since you need to use expensive transit to reach end users. This is one reason why Akamai is so much more profitable than the competition. Of course, all the growing interest in the edge has led many vendors to play up any connection they can make to the edge, no matter how tenuous. But we believe that if you look carefully, you'll see that the others have a ton of catching up to do to match what Akamai has been doing at the edge and doing profitably for a very long time. We're excited by the opportunities in front of us as the OTT marketplace continues to develop, and we believe that our unmatched global capacity positions Akamai very well for 2020 and beyond. 
Overall, we're very pleased with our performance last year. We grew revenue and continued to expand our margins. We grew non-GAAP EPS by 24%. We developed innovative new technology that we believe will help drive future revenue growth, and we delivered excellent value to our customers. I want to thank all of Akamai's customers and especially our talented employees for helping us to deliver such great results in 2019. 
As we enter a new decade, I'm very pleased to see Akamai so well positioned for future growth. As you'll soon hear from Ed, we expect to surpass $3 billion in revenue in 2020, with over $1 billion of that total coming from our Security business. We also expect to achieve non-GAAP operating margin of 30%, and our non-GAAP EPS is projected to approach $5 per share. These are exciting new thresholds for Akamai, and I'll now turn the call over to Ed to provide further details. Ed?

Yes, it's early days for both. We're just launching the Secure Web Gateway. That will be part of Enterprise Threat Protector 3.0. We're really excited about that market. But early days, and we're just starting to get the bookings now. So for that to be a major contributor, you're looking at 2021, 2022. Identity Cloud met plan this year, and that's already, because of an acquisition, further along. And we're excited about the potential there in terms of privacy, regulation compliance. As you know, we've now got CCPA in effect in California. Other states are looking to put laws into place. GDPR, of course, in Europe. And I think enterprises are going to be looking for help in dealing with that. So we're optimistic about the future growth there.

Yes. So we have both on the product and product support side and go-to-market with sales specialists and experts in making enterprise security sales, a lot of attention on that. We saw a substantial increase in revenue and bookings this year. Still relatively small, given the early days for Zero Trust and some of the new products that we're bringing out now in enterprise security. 
And of course, as you know, our head of web sales is an expert in selling enterprise security services. So we've got a lot of expertise there and there's significant investment because we'd like to see that business really ramp up. And I think there's good potential for that.

Yes, that's business we want to go out and get. And I think there's a lot of greenfield as well. Those -- in terms of the cloud solution provider for Secure Web Gateway, pretty small total revenue, relatively speaking, to what could be. And I think we're going to have a very competitive offer. And when you combine it with the rest of Akamai Security business, we're the larger player out there. We're well known, we're trusted. We have 1,500 major enterprises using Kona Site Defender already. And in some sense, this is a very natural partner to that to now protect the enterprise employee and the enterprise apps from importing malware, just as we protect the public-facing websites from attacks from the outside. So a lot of synergy with what we are the market leader at, and we have a lot of trust among the major enterprise CSOs out there and the buyers of functionality like Secure Web Gateway. So I am optimistic about our future there.

At the end of the day, our goal is to do a better job with quality. We've got incredible scale. And also, we've got a great cost profile, which is unique. And so I think we have a compelling value proposition. And even to the extent folks do some DIY already, we're working in an environment with traffic splitting, as Ed said. And going all DIY is incredibly risky for a business. You have no fail over, it's not their core expertise. And I don't think it makes a lot of sense for these folks.

Yes. So we're seeing very strong growth in WAF, DDoS, Bot Manager and also our managed security services. The security attack landscape is moving so fast and the adversaries are so capable that more and more leading enterprises are turning to us for our services support. And as we talked about on, I think it was the last call that all of these businesses are now more than $100 million a year for us, and that's what's driving the bulk of the dollar growth right now. And behind that, we have the newer products that we talked about. I listed the 5 of them coming to market -- have come to market in the last year or are coming to market. And I don't think they'll drive a ton of the growth next year, but that's what keeps the growth going I think beyond next year. We'll see upside. And if the products really take off, for example, Page Integrity, we could see some revenue that starts helping the growth by the end of the year, but those are really to keep it sustained over the longer haul. Ed, do you want to add?

Yes. So we haven't -- we're not going to give guidance for 2021 or beyond at this point. And we're focused on the 30% for this year. And we always want to be as efficient as we can. And it's across the board in decreasing the cost to serve traffic from our servers through better software. We had a lot of people working on that. It's being efficient with where we allocate our head count dollars. It's efficient in terms of our procurement functions. So that's always a focus, and we're going to do as well as we can do. 
Now you're right, there can be trade-offs. We're making significant investments in the business. Obviously, CapEx to increase our scale advantage over the competition on a global basis. We're making a lot of investments in innovation, particularly in the security product area. As I mentioned before, the landscape there moves so quickly, and we're in a great position, but we want to stay ahead with the development of new capabilities there. And so as we see opportunities, we do make investments to keep revenue growth being strong and hopefully make it better over time. And there's a balance. We want to be fiscally responsible. We proved we can do that. We've already grown our operating margin by 5 points over the last 2 to 3 years, and we'll take the step with another point this year. At the same time, it's really important for us to be investing in innovation or new products to drive future growth.

Yes. Obviously, most of our security revenue, as we talk about products like WAF and Bot Manager, which tend to be sold to our traditional base. DDoS prevention, particularly the Prolexic capabilities, can go more broadly. Anybody operating a data center that has critical capabilities and that's connected, they got to worry about DDoS attacks and so we do pick up an expanded base there. I think going forward, the enterprise capabilities, the Secure Web Gateway, Multi-Factor Authentication, Enterprise Defender, that brings us into a whole new scope of potential customers and verticals that we don't service a lot today. 
And that's one reason you're really excited about the enterprise security business as a component. Mentioned the carrier side, we do have great relationships, as I probably know, with the world's major carriers, pretty much all of them. And we have developed security products that we make available to them on a white label basis. And that's where they would then go and attack the small and medium business market. We talked about last time on the call, our SPS service, which is a version of sort of a lower end of our enterprise security, Enterprise Threat Protector solution. But the carriers sell it under their own brand and they go live with it. And that's a great model for us. We don't even touch the customer there, but it generates growing revenue. So we do work with the carriers closely around our security solutions. Some of them also resell our regular enterprise-class solutions as well.

Yes, I think we do. And in fact, we've been named as the leader there, if you look at the Forrester Magic Quadrant. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the leader in our Zero Trust strategy. So I think we're really excited about it. And it's not just Janrain and KryptCo, but now Secure Web Gateway being added to Enterprise Threat Protector, Enterprise Application Access, which take you through out of the world where you're getting network layer access, which is leading to so many of the data breaches and now access is being controlled at the app layer. And once it's -- a customer is using that, then we can actually apply our services like Kona Site Defender to scrub all traffic from "trusted devices" that are internal to make sure they're not spreading malware because it's so easy to get malware onto a device. You don't want it to spread within an enterprise. And you want to make sure that the enterprise is an exfiltrating sensitive data to botnets. And those are the capabilities we bring to market now with Enterprise Defender. And I think Janrain and KryptCo add to that and make it even stronger.

Yes. So it's really 2 questions there. And the second one on how does security mesh with the platform in getting leverage. That's a great question because we get fantastic leverage of our edge platform with security. The same servers and equipment and bandwidth and colo that's used to deliver these fabulous amounts of traffic, that same infrastructure and expense is used to absorb these gigantic attacks. And Akamai is unique in being able to absorb and defend against these giant attacks. And that's because we have fabulous amounts of capacity. So we get great financial leverage and infrastructure leverage with our edge network. And also, the edge is really important, as we've talked about, for delivering traffic. If you're not at the edge, you don't get access to the bandwidth that you need to give high-performance delivery of video or software. 
And being at the edge is where you need to be to absorb all the attack traffic right as it's coming on to the Internet. If you wait and try to do it at the data center, you're going to get overwhelmed and it doesn't work. So really strong leverage there. Now in terms of the network peaks, they're not -- it's not wildly different. I look at it now and you look at our traffic charts, and the minimum at night, on the least day of the week, is sort of what the peak was across the entire platform a couple of years ago. So it's not huge differences in the peaks and the troughs. And you can never make it totally flat because it's our customers that are driving that. And when they want to distribute a new game and they want everybody to get it quick or there's a live event, or you've got people home at night watching their OTT, well, we got to supply the capacity for that. 
So I don't think you'll ever see a world where it's exactly the same amount of traffic every hour of the day or every day of the week. But we're in pretty good shape there when you look at the traffic plots.

Yes, we are very unique. And you can see it in so many ways. Part of the uniqueness is that we really are an edge platform. Now these days, edge has become a buzzword. And so everybody says they're an edge network. It's just not true. And the way you can measure that is how many distinct locations do they have servers. And we're in 4,000 places. We're in 1,000 different cities. We're in over 1,500 networks. Nobody gets anywhere close to that. And so that's one way we're unique. You can also see it in the scale of our business, the traffic levels that we're serving. You can see it in the security business. Who's out there with our kind of security revenue in a real cloud service. You can't find really anything close to that. And it's because, again, of the edge platform and all the technology we built on top of it. Now you're right. There's a lot of CDNs. More and more, there's dozens of CDNs around the world. But they are tiny in comparison in terms of what they can do. And I think you have to look beyond the marketing, the buzzwords, to see what are they really doing? What are they really capable of? What are the -- where are their servers really located. And also take a hard look at the financials. Are they profitable, or are they trying to buy some revenue? Do they have a scalable model that someday really is going to be profitable? And I think it really is important to take a close look because there's just a lot of hype, and a lot of buzz and some big IPOs, and it's not real. We are unique.

Yes, our plan is to achieve 30% this year. And we're always looking for good acquisitions that can help us provide more value to our customers and to grow revenue. And of course, we're very disciplined buyers. So it's not that we're doing a lot of deals and we're very careful before we do larger deals. And as we look at the year ahead, we expect to do some deals, and we expect to hit 30% operating margins.

Yes. Yes. And to your second question, obviously, we measure success in terms of revenue, margin and profit and the growth of those metrics and at a different level. And strategically, we measure it in terms of share, scale, performance and reliability. And our goal is to grow our share, have even more massive scale to be -- continue our reliability. I think already today, we're the go-to player, if you ask any of the big OTT guys. And we want to grow that further. And we are making investments, and you see it in the CapEx. For example, you don't see it as easily in terms of the OpEx and the salaries of the people that are working on making the performance even better and the reliability even better because we're making the bet that OTT usage is going to grow a lot over the next several years. And then as that happens, we want to capture a lot of that on Akamai and to do it profitably. We worry a lot about cost, making our CapEx be a lot more cost-efficient to run, to get a lot more bits per second out of each dollar of CPU. So strategically, it's about increasing our capacity, reliability, scale and share with the goal of generating more revenue, profit and, of course, margins.

Yes, this is Tom. I'll take the first one. Yes, we made our revenue plan on Janrain this year. We're doing well with the integration. I think as we look forward, we're excited about the potential for helping major enterprises comply with the increasing and more diverse regulations that are being passed. A lot of our customers do business across many states and countries. And it's harder and harder for them, with largely their homegrown solutions, to keep up with compliance. Now that's a new industry, really. And so that will take some time to develop. But I think has exciting potential for the future. And Ed, do you want to take the margin?

Yes, that is the plan. And that's what we've been talking about is to leverage our massive edge platform that exists all around the world. We're in 1,000 different cities and several of these OTT businesses are global in nature. And so it is our goal to leverage the scale and the performance and our reliability that's established there to gain share.

Yes. And one of the nice things is that we're much more diverse in our customer base now. We don't have customers that account for 10% or more of our revenue. In fact, you take the giants there, and they're all like 2% or 3% at most. So there's much less impact to our business now if a giant customer has a major repricing.

Yes. I don't know that there's a fundamental change in network utilization strategy. I think there is -- we do, as Ed mentioned, in many cases, get reservation fees. The capacity on the Akamai platform is enormous, but it's not infinite. And we want customers to understand that if they may need to have large amounts of capacity, we need to have that conversation upfront and plan for it. And it doesn't -- we're not just going to sit and not have traffic and all of a sudden take it because somebody else falls over. And so I think with almost all the major customers out there, we have a very strong relationship. We have a large fraction of the traffic, and we have an understanding of what more we might take in the event they have problems with other vendors, if they're doing traffic splitting. Ed, do you want to talk about the sales comp?