Thanks, Tom, and thank you all for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Akamai delivered strong results in the third quarter despite the ongoing challenges with the global economic environment and the effects of a strong U.S. dollar.
Q3 revenue was $882 million, up 3% year-over-year and up 7% in constant currency. This result was driven by the continued strong growth of our security and compute businesses, which collectively grew 23% year-over-year and 28% in constant currency. These 2 business lines accounted for 55% of our overall revenue in the quarter.
Q3 non-GAAP operating margin was 28%. And non-GAAP EPS was $1.26 per diluted share, down 13% year-over-year or down 7% in constant currency. EPS was negatively impacted once again by foreign exchange rates and a higher effective tax rate compared to last year. Free cash flow was very strong at $271 million in Q3, and it amounted to 31% of our revenue.
I'll now say a few words about each of our 3 main lines of business, starting with security. Our Security solutions generated revenue of $380 million in Q3, up 13% year-over-year and up 19% in constant currency. The growth was particularly strong for our enterprise Zero Trust products, which were up 51% year-over-year in constant currency.
Our Guardicore Segmentation solution continued to lead the way with several major customer wins. For example, one of the largest energy companies in the world adopted Guardicore to help protect against SolarWinds types of ransomware attacks. A leading global developer of dietary supplements adopted our Segmentation solution to help meet European regulations and limit cybersecurity risk. And a major South American broadcaster deployed Guardicore to protect their reporting of election results.
Our market-leading app and API protection products also performed well in Q3, with many wins against the competition. For example, the largest bank in Southeast Asia came to Akamai last quarter after suffering repeated outages by a competitor that had lured them in with low pricing. When the bank faced large fines from regulators for the extended outages, they saw more value in being back on Akamai's platform.
One of the top banks in North America is in the process of bringing all of their traffic back to Akamai after struggling with outages at another competitor who would also lure them in with lower pricing, but couldn't deliver the performance and reliability needed by a major enterprise. After testing our capabilities against competitors, one of the world's largest financial services companies expanded their relationship with us, contracting for 10 of our products and services, including Bot Manager and Page Integrity Manager.
A Fortune 100 food processor and commodities trader became a new Akamai customer last quarter after an anonymous threat drove them to seek better DDoS and web app protection than they were getting from a competitor. And in Germany, an online advertising business with one of the country's busiest websites suffered severe account takeover attacks, load problems and reputation damage before coming to Akamai for bot management and app and API protection.
Given such examples, it's not surprising that Akamai's web app and API protection was named a leader in both Gartner's Magic Quadrant and in Forrester's Wave report last quarter. Our compute product group also performed well in Q3 with revenue of $109 million, up 72% year-over-year and up 77% in constant currency.
We're continuing to make good progress on integrating Linode into our edge platform and on adding the capabilities and scale needed to support mission-critical applications for major enterprises. In particular, we've connected all of Linode's 11 existing locations into our private backbone, enabling us to provide lower latency, higher throughput and improved egress economics. We've also expanded the capacity of these facilities and are in the process of adding 13 additional sites, 5 of which are expected to go live in Q1 with 8 more planned for Q2.
As we discussed at our Analyst Day in May, we're also developing a lighter-weight deployment model that is suitable for distribution at a broad scale. This will enable us to get compute much closer to end users around the world. We plan to deploy several dozen of these lighter-weight sites next year, at which point we expect to compare well with the hyperscalers in terms of points of presence and proximity to both enterprise data centers and end users.
Of course, we plan to have all of our compute sites integrated into Akamai's unique edge platform, which has over 4,000 locations for edge computing. As a result, we expect to be able to offer superior performance as well as lower total cost of ownership for enterprise computing needs.
We've also made significant progress on adding new and improved enterprise capabilities to our compute platform. We launched Database-as-a-Service with managed MySQL in May and managed Postgres in June. We released the next generation of our Kubernetes platform in Q3 to enhance performance and reliability. We expect to launch early versions of an enhanced object storage product as well as next-gen serverless capabilities next quarter. And we expect to become SOC 2 and ISO 27001 compliant this quarter with PCI compliance expected to follow in the first half of 2023.
Although we still have much work to do, we're encouraged by the customer use cases that our compute platform began serving in Q3. One of the world's top development studios for gaming moved their matchmaking service to Akamai to help them with data processing and analysis. A large online legal services platform in India chose Akamai as part of their multi-cloud strategy after they concluded that we could help them optimize their cloud computing budget.
And a large media workflow company in Germany is planning to migrate their apps from a hyperscaler to Akamai, calling our new capabilities a great addition, especially with the plans for a high number of distributed sites and the tight integration with Akamai content delivery.
Over the past few months, I've spoken with many of the world's leading enterprises about our plans for cloud computing. Most tell me that they want more choice in cloud computing, and they often express concern about being locked into contracts with cloud giants that are consuming larger portions of their IT budgets, especially in cases when their cloud vendor is also a direct competitor. Customers also understand the value of leveraging a more widely distributed cloud platform and one that directly connects to Akamai's unique edge platform with over 4,000 points of presence.
Turning now to our CDN business. Our delivery products generated revenue of $393 million in Q3, down 15% year-over-year and down 11% in constant currency. These results reflect continued deceleration in traffic growth among our largest customers and the impact of some large renewals that we completed in the first half of the year.
As we said at our Analyst Day in May, we've aligned our pricing strategy with the slower traffic growth rates we've experienced this year. In addition to scaling back discounts upon renewal, we're continuing to decline business from a very small number of customers who have extreme traffic peaks compared to their daily usage patterns.
While this resulted in less revenue in Q3, it's enabled us to meaningfully lower our delivery network CapEx as we direct cash flow from our delivery business to our compute and security businesses where we have a higher ROI.
As Ed will detail shortly, we're also taking several steps to reduce OpEx, including reducing our real estate footprint and limiting hiring to our most critical areas. Although we're facing the same challenging macroeconomic environment as other companies, I believe that Akamai is on the right path to long-term growth and success with our disciplined management of expenses and strong focus on opportunities for future growth such as cloud computing.
Becoming a force in the enormous cloud computing market won't be easy, but I believe that it's something that Akamai can accomplish. Akamai has a strong track record of continuous innovation and business expansion. Along the way, we've achieved significant milestones that many thought were impossible.
In our first decade, we pioneered the CDN industry. a multibillion dollar market, where we remain the leader by far. In our second decade, we created the industry for app and API protection as a cloud service, our second multibillion dollar market, where we are the leader by a wide margin. Looking ahead, Akamai is on the cusp of another major phase of expansion with our foray into cloud computing.
Having already scaled content delivery and cloud security into billion dollar businesses, we now have an opportunity to do it again with cloud computing. In fact, I believe our opportunity in cloud computing is even larger than it's been for delivery and security.
Cloud computing is a $100 billion market growing at a very rapid rate. We believe we're in an excellent position to capture a share of this business, particularly from companies that value our market-leading delivery and security solutions and that don't want to be locked in to more expensive options with a cloud giant that competes against them.
Akamai is a company that enterprises can trust to be their partner, to scale with their business and to provide the best when it comes to security, reliability and performance. By adding compute to our unique edge platform, we can provide a full suite of cloud services that will help lower our customers' cost to build, run, deliver and secure their applications.
In summary, my confidence in Akamai's future prospects for growth and success has never been higher. In fact, my confidence in what I see ahead for Akamai has led me to take steps to put in place a 10b5-1 trading plan, not to sell, but to buy $3 million in Akamai stock over the next 6 months. We expect to announce the adoption of my plan in a formal filing later this week.
Now I'll turn the call over to Ed for more on Q3 and our outlook. Ed?

Yes. Great question. The compute business, even before Linode, was on a pretty strong trajectory of growth. And with Linode, that accelerates it a lot. As you look to the future, the big growth comes when we're tapping into the core cloud compute market, a market that's over $100 billion today and growing rapidly. And that's something that we're working really hard on now to -- so we can exploit that next year. And that involves increasing scale, having a lot more core compute regions and then introducing the lighter-weight distributed computing regions.
So that we'll be in a position to offer at least as good or better performance integration into the Akamai platform, which has great delivery, great security and, of course, edge computing at a lower total cost of ownership. And for a lot of our customers, especially you think of the media vertical and the commerce vertical, they spend a lot more on compute than they do with delivery and security. Moreover, they compete pretty heavily with the hyperscalers.
So the big growth for us, what we're really going after over the next several years is in that core cloud compute market, mission-critical applications for major enterprises because that's a very big potential market for us. And that's what will drive our -- the major growth in compute, and ultimately, I think the company going forward.

Yes. Good question. The 20% goal, of course, includes M&A, and we're about to do the year-over-year lapping on Guardicore, which is a very successful acquisition. And we haven't announced any other acquisitions in security to sort of fill that gap. In terms of increasing the security growth rate over time, obviously, the global economic conditions are important there.
Also, we've got several of the newer products that are growing very rapidly. Aside from Guardicore, bot management doing extremely well. The new Account Protector solution doing very well. Page integrity management, which will be, I think, really important for companies that want to be PCI compliant beginning in 2025, and they're already working towards that.
Those areas are doing very well in terms of growth, but they're still small enough in revenue that they can't swing the whole number as much. The vast majority of our security revenue today is in the app and the API protection area. And the large majority of that is in our web app firewall, where we're the market leader by far and continuing to grow that faster than the market and our competitors there.
But that market is -- as a whole, is slower growing. So what we'll need to see is better economic environment, continued growth in the rapidly growing products that are -- as they get bigger, their rapid growth can drive security as a whole, and ultimately, M&A, which is a key part of the 20% goal.

I didn't catch the question. Can you repeat the question, please?

Yes. And what's the question about the lighter-weight deployment?

Good. Okay. So there are customers on the platform today and a key reason that they are using Linode and plan to grow their use of Linode is because of these deployments. And the advantage of the lighter-weight deployments is we can get into markets, into regions where it's hard to build out a massive core compute data center so that we're going to have before -- next year more than double by having over a couple of dozen of the core compute data centers, but several dozen more of these lighter-weight distributed locations, where you can do the compute.
You wouldn't have huge monolithic storage there, but you don't need that. That can be in the core regions. And that is a key consideration to some of our larger customers that are working with Linode today, doing proofs-of-concept, so in some cases, already running mission-critical applications. Because those lighter weight regions being closer to enterprise data centers in many parts of the world and to end users gives you better performance.
And I think that will put Akamai in a great position to have equal or better performance than the hyperscalers. Of course, we have already our edge deployment with 4,000 locations, which also supports edge computing on top of delivery. And for a total -- lower total cost of ownership. So yes, the lightweight distributed regions are important for a lot of our customers and prospects with among the major enterprises on Linode.

Yes, we have a large pipeline, and we generally do. We're constantly looking for appropriate acquisitions. As Ed said, we're very disciplined buyers, though. And the market as a whole is still highly priced. I think the realities of what's going on in the global economy haven't fully set in yet. That may take another year. And so because we're very careful buyers, we're being very selective there.
I think there's a variety of capabilities that would be interesting as tech tuck-ins. And occasionally, we'll make an acquisition with a product adjacency. I think Guardicore has been a fabulous acquisition. They're the market leaders now in segmentation, making Akamai the market leader there. And I think that's the most important defense an enterprise can have.
You can buy every company's Zero Trust offer, and malware is still getting into enterprises. And the real key is to identify it quickly and proactively block it from spreading. And that's how you limit the damage caused by ransomware and data exfiltration attacks. And that's what Guardicore does. And so I think very important strategic product with enterprise security and Zero Trust. But over time, I think there'll be other capabilities that we'll be interested in, in terms of broadening the portfolio.

Yes, sure. I think it's great being a public company. And yes, I do think the stock is undervalued where we are today in this market. And that's why I'm going to buy more shares. It's -- and over time, the stock has grown. And I think there's excellent prospects for future growth as we continue to grow Akamai.
And I'm really excited about what we can do in the compute landscape. That's an enormous market. You just look at Akamai, next year, probably security will be our biggest product line. That's a big step forward, given that we started as a CDN company. And I think if you look 3 to 5 years down the road, well, maybe in that time frame, compute could be our largest product line.
So I think there's lots of opportunity for continued growth. We're very disciplined when it comes to cost, and that means there's a lot of opportunity for bottom line growth in earnings per share. We've continued to buy back our equity to reduce the number of shares outstanding. So I think there's a great value proposition for public Akamai shareholders.

Yes. Let me answer that question in the context of where we'll be next year. Because as you know, we're doing a lot of the build-out now. We're doing -- adding a lot of the functionality now. But if you look at where we'll be this time next year, I think, first, our footprint will be better than that of the hyperscalers. We'll be closer to a lot more enterprise data centers' end users.
So that means better performance. I think we'll be hooked in now then to the Akamai platform with 4,000 POPs to do delivery, to do the outer layer of security, to do edge computing. So that's a big advantage. As Ed noted, that also lowers our costs substantially for egress. And so lower total cost of ownership is another, I think, very attractive feature that Akamai would have.
Akamai is known for scalability, for reliability in addition. And there's been some pretty well-publicized issues with some of the hyperscalers in terms of reliability, extended issues. And I think that's an area where we can be very competitive. Really the only area where we wouldn't be as competitive as in the large number of third-party apps in the ecosystem that are available as managed services on the hyperscalers. And that's a key way that you get vendor lock-in.
And so customers that want -- enterprises that want to have that, fine, okay? But if you don't want lock-in and you do want better performance at a lower cost, I think Akamai will be very competitive. And also, it's good to keep in mind just relative scale. Those hyperscalers are giant companies. If we can go get 1%, 2% market share in a multi-hundred billion dollar business, that will be very meaningful for us. And I think we're in a position that we can go do that.
One other issue is that in the sectors where we're very strong like media and commerce, those companies, they compete heavily with at least some of the hyperscalers. And with the cost of the hyperscalers rising, that's becoming more of an issue for those companies.
You're paying a large bill to a company that's buying out the media rights from underneath you. And that's sort of tough for some of them to take. So I think that also gives us a competitive advantage. We don't compete with our customers. We will help them grow with their business and be good partners to them and they can trust us.

Go ahead, Ed. You take the first part and I'll...

Yes. So that's well -- the migration of our cloud spend to Linode is well underway. We've already done some. The lion's share of that work or the migration will take place, I would say, over Q1 to Q3 next year. And by the end of next year, we ought to have the vast, vast majority migrated.

I'll take the first question. It's still a competitive market for hiring. We've been very pleased to see our attrition rates take a major drop over the last quarter. We had stayed at low attrition rates through COVID, well better than market, ticked up a little bit in the first half of the year, but now again down to, over the last 3 months, very low attrition.
We have very successful recruiting. Akamai is considered to be a great place to work as measured by the various studies that are done and also employee satisfaction surveys that we do. So people really like working at Akamai. We have really great employees, very smart. We set a high bar for who we recruit.
And of course, everybody wants to hire those people. And pretty much everybody wants to hire Akamai employees. But our retention rates are good. I would say our success in hiring is good, but it's a competitive market out there. And Ed, do you want to talk about the delivery business?

And thank you, everyone. In closing, we will be presenting at a number of investor conferences and presenting at events, road shows and other things throughout the rest of the fourth quarter. Details of these can be found in the Investor Relations section of akamai.com. So thank you for joining us. And all of us here at Akamai wish continued good health to you and yours, and have a nice evening.