Thanks, Tom, and thank you all for joining us today. Akamai delivered excellent results in the second quarter, coming in above expectations on both the top and bottom lines. Revenue was $705 million, up 6% over Q2 of last year and up 8% in constant currency. Q2 non-GAAP EPS was $1.07 per diluted share, up 29% year-over-year and up 32% in constant currency.
As has been the case in recent quarters, these very strong results were driven by the rapid growth of our cloud security and international businesses, strong traffic growth in our media business and our continued focus on operational excellence.
Our adjusted EBITDA margin in Q2 was 42%, up 3 points over Q2 of last year. Non-GAAP operating margin was 29%, also up 3 points over Q2 of last year. These results highlight the excellent progress that we've made towards our goal of achieving non-GAAP operating margins of 30% in 2020 while continuing to invest in innovation and new products to drive our future growth.
Our security portfolio was again the fastest-growing part of our business in Q2, achieving revenue of $205 million, up 34% year-over-year at constant currency. And Bot Manager continued to be our fastest selling new product in recent memory with hundreds of customers and a revenue run rate now over $100 million per year. Bot Manager is designed to defend websites and applications from bot attacks of all kinds, including credential abuse, account takeover and theft. It's been recognized as a market leader by top analyst firms such as Forrester and Frost & Sullivan, and it's tightly integrated with another of our industry-leading security solutions, Kona Site Defender. 
Kona Site Defender provides a Web application firewall, or WAF, service that is designed to protect websites and applications from downtime, defacement and corruption of content, insertion of malware and theft of data. Kona has been recognized as a market leader by numerous analyst firms, including Gartner, Forrester and IDC. And in its research report on critical capabilities for cloud WAF, Gartner rated Akamai as the best among all vendors at protecting critical business applications and mobile applications.
Akamai's leadership in WAF services is important because having a state-of-the-art and well-managed Web app firewall is vital for any major enterprise doing business on the Internet. Well over 1,000 customers are using Kona Site Defender today, generating more than $300 million per year in revenue. 
In addition to Bot Manager and Kona, we also have a third market-leading security product that's generating more than $100 million in annual revenue, and that's Prolexic. Prolexic provides protection from DDoS attacks to hundreds of customers, including many of the world's largest financial institutions. As a result, Akamai's been recognized as a market leader in DDoS mitigation by analyst firms such as Forrester and IDC. 
As you can see from the customer accounts that I just provided, there's plenty of room for more adoption of Kona, Prolexic and Bot Manager by our installed base customers. These products are also driving a lot of our new customer acquisition. 
We're also very excited about the growth potential of our 2 newest security offers: Akamai Identity Cloud and Akamai Enterprise Defender. Akamai Identity Cloud, which was formerly known as Janrain Identity Cloud, provides a complete suite of consumer identity and login management services. It's been recognized as the overall leader in the consumer identity and access management space by KuppingerCole, Europe's leading research firm in this area. 
Identity management was a key theme at our recent Edge World Customer Conference, where we were joined by a senior executive from Sanofi to explain why they selected Akamai Identity Cloud to manage identities across their global business. Sanofi is one of the world's largest pharmaceutical companies, with operations in 170 countries and they chose Akamai Identity Cloud over the competition and in part because of its superior performance, enhanced security and ease of use. 
Akamai Enterprise Defender, which we formally launched at Edge World in June, is designed to provide a robust zero trust solution to protect enterprise applications from unauthorized access and data breaches. It's comprised of our Enterprise Application Access, Enterprise Threat Protector and Kona Site Defender products. These products become even more essential as major enterprises move their data into the cloud, where it can be more challenging to ensure that proper access controls are in place.
It's still early days for zero trust, but already Akamai's enterprise security solutions are drawing attention in the marketplace. For example, Forrester cited Akamai as a powerhouse of capability in its report on zero trust providers. Gartner cited Akamai in its market guide for zero trust network access, recommending that enterprises phase out legacy VPN access for high-risk use cases and begin phasing in zero trust access. And we're continuing to see significant customer wins at major enterprises like SKF. 
SKF is the world's largest manufacturer of bearings with 44,000 employees worldwide and they're now replacing their traditional VPN with our Enterprise Application Access solution. In addition to having great products, Akamai's security portfolio is supported by great people in our services and support organization. We've heard of many instances where a misconfigured or outdated product has been the route to a data breach, and this is an area where our hundreds of security experts can help. Akamai's substantial security expertise can make the difference between operating safely and suffering a devastating breach, especially as enterprises make greater use of public cloud infrastructure.
Akamai has 6 security operation centers around the world, where vulnerabilities and attacks are detected and mitigated by our security experts before they can cause harm. Well over 1,000 customers, including many large financial institutions, retailers and media companies now use our managed security services, and this generates another $100 million plus in annual revenue for Akamai. 
Overall, we're very pleased with the success that we're having with our security portfolio and we believe that the best is yet to come. Our customers are now telling us that they see Akamai as more than just the world's largest CDN. Many view us as an Internet security partner and strategic adviser, whose cybersecurity capabilities work hand-in-hand with our delivery offerings. As a sign of this important evolution in our business, security accounted for 29% of our revenue in Q2, up from 23% a year ago. And we believe that we're on track to achieve a $1 billion run rate for our security solutions in the next year. As measured by security revenue, Akamai is now one of the world's largest public cybersecurity companies and arguably the largest when it comes to providing cloud security services.
Changing topics, I'd now like to say a few words about our Media business, which also performed well in the second quarter. We continue to grow traffic faster in Q2 than published growth rates for the Internet as a whole, which means that we continue to gain share. Online viewing of live sports in particular has grown dramatically this year. 
On July 9, the ICC's Cricket World Cup semifinal between India and New Zealand attracted over 25 million concurrent viewers to the Akamai platform. That's 36% more than our previous record set in May and it's triple the peak that we reached in May of last year. 
The growth in video traffic and the enormous scale provided by Akamai's unique Edge platform were major topics of interest at our customer conference. There was also substantial interest in how our Edge platform will provide even greater benefit to our customers as 5G becomes widespread. That's because 5G is expected to connect hundreds of millions of people and many billions of devices to the Internet. And once 5G is deployed at scale, it should vastly improve the bandwidth and latency in the last mile. 
But to take advantage of this capability and to not be overwhelmed by the resulting increase in traffic, you need servers close to the last mile, at the edge of the Internet, and this is where Akamai really is unique, with 4,000 points of presence in more than 1,000 cities across 140 countries. It's taken a while, but the industry has now come to recognize that having infrastructure at the edge is critical for scale, performance and security. 
Of course, now that leading analysts are talking about the importance of the edge, several of our competitors are suddenly claiming to have edge networks and edge services, too. But they aren't at the edge at all, they're located in [ tangent ] data centers in the core of the Internet just as they've always been. 
Looking back at Q2, we're very pleased with our results and the strong momentum that we've established in the first half of the year. It's very good to see the impressive revenue growth for our security products, the high traffic growth in our CDN business, our strong growth and opportunity in international markets and our continued robust operating margins. 
We're especially pleased that our non-GAAP EPS grew more than 30% in constant currency for the fifth consecutive quarter, even while we continue to invest in innovation and new products to drive our future growth. In Q2, we also welcomed Madhu Ranganathan to our Board. Madhu has extensive financial experience at global software, networking and services companies, and we're very pleased to have her join our Board's Audit and Finance Committees. 
Now we'll turn the call over to Ed to review our Q2 results and guidance for the remainder of the year. Ed?

Sure. So with the giants, the Internet platform customers, I talked about having 2 customers that renew. This is pretty standard. It's really just a contract that comes up for renewal. We're just negotiating pricing. I talk about how we expect to see those customers decline in Q3, but I do expect that group of customers to grow from Q3 levels into Q2. We will pick up a little bit more share with one of them and we expect to see pretty strong seasonality in Q4 with the rest of them. But again, that's pretty normal. So as you think about that group, that's customers, the contracts come up for renewal, we'll have the price down, generally we get more traffic. But again, we'll be down $4 million roughly in Q3 and then up again in Q4. 
And in terms of the new streaming services, so I guess the best way to talk about this one is we talked earlier about how we had a number of customers that we're renewing in Q2, Q1 and Q2, that were large consolidations of the marketplace, some of whom have announced new streaming offerings. The good news is that's now behind us, so we've renewed all of those customers. And we talked a bit about updating our CapEx to build out anticipation for what we expect to be some increase in demand. It's really hard to predict exactly how successful these launches will be. We'll have to wait and see. Tom and I talked about being cautious here and making sure that we build out and advance such to the extent there is volume, we're there to take as much volume as we can. And to the extent that it doesn't pan out, our core traffic is growing so we can just grow into that additional CapEx. So I think we're really well prepared for it. We'll give you an update certainly on our Q4 call as we start to see some of this traffic come online in Q4 and we'll get a better sense of what the next year looks like.

Doing well and grew the quarter. It's still early days. We're integrating it with our Bot Manager Solution to provide a more comprehensive capability and understanding really who is logging in, making sure it's the person we expect. Managing the user's data in a secure way so it can't be stolen. But I would say early days and looking positive.

Yes, and in terms of Janrain, the large majority of our prospects were competing with a homegrown solution or do-it-yourself. And the challenge they're seeing is they grow their business of scaling the homegrown solution, getting performance out of it, it can be hard to use, and security is a big deal. And you're dealing with very personal user data, and so security is really important there. When we do see a competitor come into the account, typically it would be Gigya, we'd see, and occasionally Okta. Okta really works more on the enterprise side of the house, but they do have some capability on the consumer side. And I would say most often, it's a do-it-yourself solution that the customer has. And the revenue question, yes, our revenue there is in line with expectations.

Yes. We've been supporting edge compute in various forms for almost 20 years. At our Edge World Customer Conference, we talked a lot about our new Edge worker solution, which gives them even greater capabilities over and above Edge side and [ includes ] in cloudlets. And we also demonstrated our new IoT Edge Connect solution, which has message broker support, MQTT support and also compute at the Edge, in the IoT model. So there's a lot of interest in that. I think the interest will increase more, especially as you see more IoT applications out there. There was a lot of buzz among our customers as talking about the IoT applications they're working on. Clothing companies or sneaker companies talking about putting sensors in your shoes or clothes. Our airline customers are sensing when you get to the airport so they can update you automatically on your flight. Merchandisers tagging items for sale so they can keep track of it and have automated checkout. So -- and I think 5G is going to help enable a lot of these applications that people are talking about now. And that -- Edge compute is a big part of that because you have to do a processing of data, sometimes at a massive scale, latency can make a big difference, especially with gaming consoles or automobiles, when those are the devices that are on the Internet of things. And I do think people are really starting to realize just how important our Edge platform is. And not just for delivering content, but doing compute and certainly for security.

Well, yes, you'd have to be delivering it from the Edge, that's where we're located. So we're in good position to help with that. And I think we have a great relationship with a lot of the gaming companies. I think in terms of Google's service, they probably do it themselves. We've really been having discussions about that capability for probably over a decade now with some of the world's largest gaming companies. And the challenge I think for them is the economics. In terms of who's paying for the CPU, who's paying for the bandwidth, who's paying for the co-lo. Now Akamai can certainly handle the streaming, with very low latency and at scale and do a really good job of it. So if this does take off, that's a source of increased traffic for Akamai, which is a good thing.

Yes. I think it'll be gradual. And to coincide with the gradual deployment of 5G around the world, basically, the way to think of 5G is it increases the throughput at the last mile and it decreases the latency. 
Now increasing the throughput and also, it gets more people connected. Now doing that increases the demand for traffic, and that's just existing business growing faster because of 5G. Having in addition the decreased latency and the better scale in terms of how many connections can be supported does help to enable IOT kinds of applications, and that's where I think you can see things that maybe we haven't even thought about yet in terms of IOT. To this point, IOT has been a little bit of a buzzword. And I think just judging from what I see in the customer base, that's going to start to get more real. And you need to take advantage of that low latency, that means you got to have servers at the Edge where Akamai is. And so we're in a great position, especially with our IoT Edge Connect platform, to support those applications at scale with low latency and to offer Compute at the Edge. So I think it will be, not all at once, be sort of a steady growth, both for our organic business and for new applications in our IoT Edge Connect platform that's now just a question -- in early days.

If I could just add something on this in terms of your question around growth, Tom mentioned the pressure will still continue on the core business, on the delivery business. But the Web team's done a great job of going in and selling security, similar to what I talked about with the Media team and should see some of these price declines, our security revenue in the commerce space is growing, which is great. So taking the pressure on the acceleration business, but augmenting some of that in the security side.

Yes. We have a, advanced technology group that, they have expertise on the enterprise security side of the house. And they've worked with the reps on our existing accounts and new prospects. So it's -- I would say a typical sales motion for a new capability. It's early days for zero trust. You're now talking to enterprises who manage their enterprise security one way for a long, long time. There is the notion of the moat around the castle, perimeter defense and it doesn't work anymore. And it's going to take them some time to really change, and so we're seeing early major enterprise wins, which is great. And we're growing, the bookings are increasing year-over-year. And I think there will come a time in the not-too-distant future where we really see very strong growth here. Already, the major analysts are out there zero trust is the way to go, I gave some quotes during my prepared remarks. And Akamai is clearly one of the early leaders with this capability.

No particular update. We're really excited about our partnership, GO-NET, our joint venture with MUFG. And their goal now is to be offering this as a service in Japan in early next year. So we're about a year out from commercial adoption. And so far, so good.

Also, and you reported the Cisco traffic stat, and in fact we're growing our traffic a lot faster than that.

Yes. So that's on track. Enterprise Web Protector 3.0 with a full suite capabilities later this year. And that will go up against Zscaler. And we already compete with Zscaler, with not only Enterprise Threat Protector but Enterprise Application Access, and we're competing very successfully.

I'd say it's very relatively early days. We do talk a lot about Protect & Perform. And in fact, when you buy Kona Site Defender, that comes with dynamic site accelerator. You really, it just all works on the same Akamai platform. 
We're processing all the requests to provide security on KSD, and so just by the fact that we're processing with our Edge network, you're going to get faster delivery. And if you buy Bot Manager, that of course rides on top of Kona Site Defender. And so when you want these security services, you get some basic delivery and acceleration with that. I think the bundling is a very important. This is a real edge in the marketplace. It makes it really challenging for a web customer to want to go and to another provider that not only will their service or application slow down, but it won't have security. Also makes it challenging on that side of the house to split traffic, because in fact, we've had a couple of large performance customers want to try to use 2 vendors. And if you only have half your site secured, you're not secure at all. And then they come to switch back, to use Akamai because they need the security. And we're pretty unique out there in terms of having these dual capabilities. And the best part is, it's all one platform, all on one service. And so they're, I would say, viewing this today as I talked about before, we're not just a great CDN, we have that but we're a market leader by far in terms of security.

Yes. It's started to become kind of a buzzword. So everybody says they got it, even though they don't. With Akamai's solution, we do access at the application layer instead of the network layer. And that's a big differentiator because at the traditional approach of doing it at a network layer, once you're in, you pretty much can go everywhere. Now there's a lot of folks that will sell extra equipment to do network segmentation. But you still have the same challenge and then you get even more overhead. By doing it at the app layer, which we do as a service, not -- we're not selling boxes like a typical approach, then we can sit in between the device and the user and the application, just the same way that we do for public facing applications. And we can bring Kona Site Defender to bear. So we authenticate it really is the user, that they really have access to this particular application, not just to the corporate Internet, and then we make sure that they don't ever touch the enterprise application or data directly. Everything comes through us and we scrub it and we defend it. And that just isn't done today and nobody has that capability out there. We're unique in being able to do that because there is no real competitor to Kona Site Defender. Never mind bring it to bear to enterprise applications. And then you have our Edge platform with the massive scale, which is really important for the large-scale attacks. And you have Bot Manager, which we can bring to bear to understand really what is it that entity that is coming to access the application. 
And also, where is that entity going otherwise, as we can catch, for example, HVAC systems that are exfiltrating sensitive corporate data, because we're monitoring everything that the devices do inside an enterprise to make sure it's safe. So it really is a unique solution and very different than all the other folks that are talking zero trust.