Thanks, Tom, and thank you all for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Akamai achieved excellent results in the second quarter.
Revenue was $795 million, up 13% year-over-year and up 14% in constant currency. Non-GAAP operating margin was 32%, up 3 points over Q2 of last year. And non-GAAP EPS was $1.38 per diluted share, up 29% year-over-year and up 30% in constant currency. These very strong results were driven by a continuation of the high-traffic levels we've seen since the onset of the pandemic, very strong demand for our Cloud Security Solutions and by our ongoing focus on operational efficiency.
Akamai was founded with the vision of enabling the Internet to scale so that it could support millions of enterprises and billions of people everywhere. Our mission has been to make all digital experiences be fast, reliable and secure, a mission that is especially important now amidst a devastating pandemic. In our 22-year history as a company, there's never been a time when Akamai's importance and value to daily life has been more evident. Due to the incredible work of our highly talented employees, we believe that Akamai has become an indispensable part of the Internet, supporting remote work, home entertainment, e-learning, online banking, home deliveries, logistics, security systems and commercial transactions of all kinds for billions of people around the world as they cope with the pandemic.
The Akamai intelligent edge platform has grown to include over 300,000 servers in over 4,000 locations and nearly 1,500 network partners at the edge of the Internet. The edge is where the end users are and where the content and applications need to be. The edge is where connected devices and the Internet of Things are located, where 5G networks will become pervasive and increasingly, where security needs to be to stop the many distributed attacks whose size and sophistication continue to increase. 4,000 locations spanning 135 countries is a powerful offering for global customers and goes far beyond the deployments of other CDNs, even if you were to somehow put them all together.
Our unique edge platform has provided enormous capacity to meet the unprecedented demand due to the impact of the pandemic, the launch of several OTT services and the release of numerous electronic games. Peak traffic on the Akamai platform exceeded 100 terabits per second every day in the second quarter. That's a lot of traffic. Of course, many CDNs claim to have lots of capacity, but none get close to Akamai when it comes to the actual delivery of content. As a result of our unparalleled scale and industry-leading performance and reliability, Akamai gained traffic share in Q2 on both an overall basis and at several of the world's largest media companies.
Akamai now works with more than 220 of the world's largest OTT and broadcasting companies as well as with 24 of the world's 25 most popular video game publishers. The enormous capacity of our unique edge platform has also enabled Akamai to defend the world's most important enterprises against the world's largest and most sophisticated attacks. The size and sophistication of attacks has risen dramatically since the pandemic began as threat actors take advantage of the distraction and vulnerabilities created by employees working remotely.
Data from our Enterprise Threat Protector Service shows that employee visits to sites with malware rose nearly fivefold in Q2. And just last month, we defended a major bank and a major Internet service provider against 2 of the largest attacks ever seen. In Q2, we released our new and highly innovative Akamai Page Integrity Manager, which is designed to protect websites and end users from malware-infected content that resides on third-party sites. Nearly half of the content on a typical website originates from third parties and attackers are embedding malware in this content to steal users' credit cards and other personal data. Page Integrity Manager provides visibility and intelligence to help organizations stay ahead of this rapidly growing attack, and it has received strong positive feedback from early adopters. The well over 2,000 customers who use our web application firewall products are perfect candidates for this new solution.
Theft of log in credentials is another growing problem that customers increasingly seek our help in stopping. We blocked more than 53 billion credential abuse attempts last quarter, more than 4x the number we saw in Q2 of last year. This increase is one reason why our Bot Manager service is now used by more than 600 of the world's major enterprises.
Overall, Q2 revenue from our Cloud Security Solutions grew by 28% year-over-year in constant currency and achieved $1 billion run rate on an annualized basis. This is an important milestone that's been reached by only a handful of cybersecurity businesses. Our Cloud Security Solutions are now relied upon by thousands of enterprises, including 30 of the world's top 35 banks, 17 of the world's top 20 e-commerce sites, 8 of the world's top 10 asset managers and the majority of the world's largest airlines, hotels, insurance firms and consumer goods companies.
The strong demand we saw in Q2 for our security and media services more than offset the reduced revenue growth we saw from sectors of the economy that had been hit hardest by the pandemic, namely, travel, hospitality and brick-and-mortar retail. And we've been successful in working with all customers and verticals to help them navigate through the disruption caused by the pandemic. That's one of many reasons why Akamai customer loyalty has remained very high, and that our churn rate in the quarter stayed below 1% of annualized revenue.
As we've grown our business over the last several years, we've worked hard to improve our operating efficiency and profitability. As a result, we were especially pleased to see our operating margins exceed our target of 30% in Q2 and also to see our non-GAAP earnings per share reach $1.38, more than double what we achieved 3 years ago. Our profitability and cash generation is important because it gives us the financial firepower to continue to invest in innovation, network capacity, go-to-market capabilities and world-class talent to fuel our future growth.
Before turning the call over to Ed, I want to thank our nearly 8,000 employees for their very hard work on behalf of our many customers and the billions of Internet users around the world. Despite the pandemic, Akamai employees have continued their can-do attitude and customer-first mindset, enabling our platform to manage more traffic, more web transactions and more cyberattacks than ever before. Their creativity, teamwork and tenacity are key to what makes Akamai such a unique and strong company.
Now I'll turn the call over to Ed for more on Q2 and our outlook for the second half. Ed?

Yes. The revenue in security was driven by our flagship services, Kona Site Defender, which provides web application firewall capabilities, stops the attackers from taking over a website or corrupting it or stealing data. Our Prolexic denial of service capabilities, that stops the big attacks. You have Bot Manager doing extremely well. And that keeps adversaries from taking over accounts, from stealing customer information. We also have a very strong security services business, and those folks have been very busy, as you can imagine, with major IT shops now trying to support remote work and work from home on a sudden basis, where they really need security help.
Closely related, but a smaller business is our enterprise security offerings. And we do have new capabilities there. We now have a secure web gateway that's available and coming up later this year, multifactor authentication. We also have a new service I talked about called Page Integrity Manager. And this thwarts one of the latest attack vectors that's becoming pretty rampant out there where the adversary puts malware into a third-party site or third-party code that's used by the primary site. And what happens there is the user comes to the main site and the main site links to third parties for their apps and other things that are useful, usually. And the browser follows those links. And before you know it, the browser is getting malware from one of those third-party sites. And that malware is designed to cause the browser to give up the user's personal information like their credit card. There's been some very famous breaches there resulting in large fines and Page Integrity Manager stops that and notifies our customer that they got a problem in terms of where they're linking for their third-party content.
Also, we have Akamai Identity Cloud, which provides capabilities around the user and their profile and history, making sure that user data stays safe and compliant with local regulations. So really a lot going on in our security business, and we're seeing very strong growth there, obviously.

Yes. We're the largest provider of edge computing services by far. We have been doing it for close to 20 years. And the idea that this is somehow something new is just not true. Most of our customers are using our edge computing capabilities for a variety of applications, to A/B testing for how users like their site, to do things locally about what content actually gets delivered to the user, what ads get delivered to the user, keeping track of how a user goes through a site.
The security services use extensive compute power at the edge. We don't break it out as a separate revenue item, but if you use the definitions we see that a lot of folks in the analyst community are using, I would say already it's over a $2 billion business for us. We don't report it that way, but most of our customers are using the computing in some form or another. And also, when it comes to edge, I think this is really important. We've been talking about the edge and the importance of being at the edge really for, again, 20 years. And recently, it's become popular as a buzzword, and that's because the edge is really important.
But to be at the edge, that means you got to be in thousands of places close to the users, really close. And we're in 4,000 points of presence now. A lot of the other CDNs who talk about doing edge or edge computing, maybe they're in a couple of dozen cloud core data centers, which is really not the edge. In fact, you could take probably, maybe even all of our CDN competitors, put them together, and they don't get anywhere close to the edge presence that Akamai has.
And what's the future of edge computing? I think it's very large. You look at 5G coming, and that's going to utilize a lot of capabilities at the edge. With 5G, you get a lot more devices connected. IoT becomes much more possible. You have much lower latencies in the last mile. And then that means it's even more important to do the compute and delivery from the last mile. If you got a huge latency in the last mile, okay, the latency you introduce going from the edge to the core is not as bad, but you really now it becomes noticeable with 5G. Also, you have a lot more bandwidth through 5G. So I think that's an important driver of future revenue for Akamai.
Also with IoT, we already have an IoT Edge Connect platform that our customers are using. It's unique among CDNs. It uses different protocols, not HTTP, by and large, which is what powers a lot of the web today, but MQTT. It uses the pub/sub model, which is a whole different communication paradigm that's a lot more efficient. And again, uses not only compute at the edge, but data stored at the edge, key-value pairs and databases at the edge. And Akamai is in unique position to provide that.
But again, I just want to be really clear, edge computing is not a new phenomenon. It's got recent buzz with a couple of IPOs on the Street, but we've been doing that at scale for a long, long time.

And on the M&A question, we're continuing our efforts there at the same pace as always, but we're also very disciplined buyers. And when you're in the midst of a pandemic, it is a little harder to conduct diligence. And if we were to close an acquisition, maybe a little harder to integrate it with the travel restrictions we have now. So probably that's a damper. And I wouldn't say there's huge bargains that have been created as a result of the pandemic, at least not yet. And we're very careful about what we buy to make sure it makes good financial sense. But we're continuing with our efforts there, full speed ahead.

Well, yes, we are working very hard in terms of both product delivery and with the sales effort. And we were very pleased to see substantially increased bookings so far this year. And we very much would like to continue to accelerate the penetration in that business.

Yes. This is Tom. I'll take the first question. I would say it's a mixed bag with COVID. On the one hand, there is a much greater need for our security products, not just enterprise products with remote workforces, but pretty much all the security products because the attack volumes and vectors have increased so much with the threat actors trying to take advantage of the situation. So that's a good tailwind. And I think you saw the benefit of that so far this year.
On the other hand, sales are a little harder because you can't visit customers. Everything is remote now. Now that said, I think our teams have done a very good job adapting with virtual conferences and meetings. And so I think we're dealing with that situation very well. On balance, I think we're in a much stronger position with our security offers in terms of the customer's need for our products. And I think Ed will take the question on media upside.

Yes. I don't think there's any change in the gaming landscape, if anything. I think the thesis that it is less efficient to do all the compute in the cloud probably getting proved out. Companies have been working on that for over a decade. Now we do a lot of business with the gaming companies. We're a go-to player for them to distribute software. And there are things that we can do to optimize the performance as well. But I think doing all the compute in the cloud, it's not as efficient just economically.
With edge computing applications, pretty much all of our customers' applications that run on Akamai are doing some kinds of compute. Personalization, the selection of the content that goes to the end user, the format it goes in, the images, which image goes depends on the device, the connectivity in the last mile, all optimized for performance. So it's pervasive today, I would say, edge computing on our platform, which is the reason why we don't separate it out. I don't think you can.
And also on the security side, we are inspecting the details of every single request that comes in and also the content that goes back out. We're placing software on the client for all sorts of purposes, most recently for Page Integrity Manager. As you go to a website that's protected by Page Integrity Manager, we have our script on the client itself that is looking at everything the browser is being asked to do, to see, for example, is it being asked to access your credit card or stuff that we believe is personal information and send it to a place that we think is bad. And I can't tell you how much we've already discovered is going on out there.
So I would say edge computing is just pervasive today. And the edge being our edge servers in 4,000 locations, which is the real edge. And also on the client, we're doing a lot of computing there as well. And I do think that is the future. And as you have richer applications, there's more use of that. I think the big opportunity going forward is in the IoT arena. I think 5G helps to enable that. And as I mentioned before, that's a whole different paradigm, uses different protocols and different structures like the pub/sub model and data stores. And again, being at the edge helps a lot to reduce latencies there. Edge computing is not a new phenomenon. And I think that's really important to understand.

Yes. I think at a high level, the conversations are very similar but with much more urgency in some cases. I can just give you an anecdote with a conversation with a CEO of a very large company. And the CEO was both happy and worried about how quickly his IT team had enabled the workforce to be remote. And he was happy because within a week the entire workforce was remote because basically a shelter-in-place rules were put in place. On the other hand, he was worried because he'd always wanted a remote workforce but was always told by his Chief Security Officer it would take 2 years to make it be secure. And all of a sudden, their workforce was remote in a week. And that led to a really good conversation about, okay, how can we really secure it for them. And that's where our Enterprise Application Access product and our zero trust suite of solutions really makes a big difference. It's a service on our platform. It does it security at the application layer, not at the network layer. So never mind the pandemic and remote work, it's just a lot more secure to start with.
But now you're in a position where very quickly we can enable them to have security for a remote workforce that employees can only access apps that they're allowed to. And even then, the employee device can't directly touch the app or the data, it just touches us. And we're scouring every communication to make sure that malware isn't being spread and that data is not being exfiltrated. And of course, that's not possible with the traditional approach. So I think the COVID situation with remote work has certainly enhanced the interest in EAA. The attacks rising, in general, have enhanced interest in Akamai security solutions. And of course, you're right that there's a lot of scrambling going on out there. And so it is a little more complicated in terms of the sales process. But on balance, I would say we're doing better than we expected. And on balance, there's more tailwinds associated with the pandemic for our business because customers need our help even more than before.

I missed the first part of the question, but I think it had to do with our enterprise zero trust solutions, and we had a very strong quarter there. We don't break out the individual numbers for that solution set yet, but we saw very strong growth and we were very pleased with that. With the managed security services, as you can imagine, this is a time when our customers need us more than ever with that. You have the range of attacks increasing their sophistication and now our customers really busy trying to figure out how to securely support a remote workforce. So very pleased with the results there and the continued very strong growth of our security solutions.

The second question, with security, that is a huge differentiator for us. We're the market leader by far with Cloud Security Solutions. And as I mentioned, the vast majority of the world's biggest e-commerce sites make use of our security solutions. Today, I would say, in that vertical, sales are led by security, and then delivering acceleration would be an add-on. In fact, we include the basic DSA, Dynamic Site Accelerator services, part of Kona Site Defender. Bot Manager is critical today for any commerce site, and we're really uniquely differentiated with our capabilities there. So security is very important across not only e-commerce but many verticals today.