Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. As we shared in our pre-announcement, Illumina had a very strong start to 2021, with the first $1 billion quarter in Illumina's history. We achieved first quarter revenue of $1.093 billion, growing 27% compared to the prior year and 15% from the last quarter. Sequencing revenue was especially strong, up 29% compared to the prior year driven primarily by accelerating growth in our core business, with both clinical and research customers exceeding pre-COVID activity levels. In addition, we're seeing global investment in the creation of a genomic epidemiology infrastructure to combat COVID-19 as well as monitor for future pathogen outbreaks.
I'd like to share some additional first quarter highlights by platform. Beginning with our high-throughput platforms, NovaSeq drove a significant share of the exceptional performance, achieving its highest first quarter placements on record, which is remarkable as it enters its fifth year since launch. We continue to see the positive impact of our v1.5 reagents, enabling both new high-throughput customers as well as continued conversions from our existing HiSeq customer base.
Our mid-throughput platforms drove additional growth with a 23% increase in consumables revenue compared to last year. We saw continued success for NextSeq 1000 and 2000 as well as strong performance from NextSeq 550. Notably, we saw an increase in customers upgrading from their existing Illumina benchtop sequencers to NextSeq 1000 and 2000. Clinical customers continue to drive new NextSeq 550 placements, with NextSeqDx recording its highest shipment quarter to date. In China, where the instrument received NMPA approval in Q4, we're seeing strong adoption in the hospital setting as we work with IVD development partners like Burning Rock, Biosan and Matridx, to provide comprehensive clinical solutions. Additionally, working with our strategic partner, R-Pharm, NextSeqDx received medical device registration in Russia in March, enabling the clinical use of next-generation sequencing for more patients across Russia.
Our low-throughput portfolio revenue had another strong quarter, growing 33% year-over-year with robust growth in both sequencing consumables and instrument shipments in Q1. MiSeq, MiniSeq and HiSeq all generated year-over-year and sequential growth in consumables as well as instrument placements. Our low-throughput platforms continue to be a compelling entry point for new-to-NGS customers with an ever-increasing number of use cases. One interesting customer example is BlueNalu, a start-up using our technology in the development of cell-cultured seafood to support sustainability in oceanic diversity. Additionally, these instruments play a critical role in catalyzing localized COVID surveillance programs across the globe.
Turning to our clinical and research and applied segments. Total sequencing consumables revenue of $695 million was up 26% year-over-year, demonstrating strong demand for sequencing across both clinical and research segments. More than 44% of our sequencing consumable shipments in the first quarter of 2021 were to clinical customers. Clinical testing showed significant growth with consumables up 35% year-over-year. These results do not include COVID surveillance, which is reported in our research and academic segment.
Oncology testing exceeded our overall clinical growth rate and is our largest and fastest-growing clinical segment. This growth was driven by our customers benefiting from expanded access to reimbursement for NGS-based testing, particularly in comprehensive genomic profiling, or CGP, for therapy selection and some of the first reimbursement for sequencing-based monitoring tests. TruSight Oncology 500, our RUO comprehensive genomic profiling assay, continued its success this quarter, adding over 20 new customers. In February, the Belgian Society of Medical Oncology announced that they will use TSO 500 for a national pilot to evaluate the use of CGP for patients with advanced metastatic cancer. As a leading distributable CGP assay, TSO 500 continues to offer a compelling choice for our pharmaceutical partners. We announced last week an exciting new partnership with Kartos Therapeutics, to develop a TP53 companion diagnostic, expanding the TruSight oncology offering into blood cancers.
Beyond CGP, we've seen promising developments in the use of whole genome sequencing in cancer treatment this quarter. Most notably, a paper in the New England Journal of Medicine published by our partners at Washington University, St. Louis, showed that for AML and MDS patients studied, whole genome sequencing using Illumina technology produced more accurate results in less time and at a similar cost compared to standard techniques like FISH or karyotyping.
In reproductive health, the cascading effect of the ACOG guidance on increasing coverage of NIPT for all pregnancies drove the third consecutive quarter of both year-over-year and sequential growth. In the U.S., 2 large payers, Anthem and Blue Cross Blue Shield of Minnesota, expanded their coverage criteria to include twin pregnancies just last month. And in March, we reported out on the results of our groundbreaking, risk-sharing, real-world study with Harvard Pilgrim, demonstrating the cost effectiveness of offering NIPT to all pregnant women. These studies add to the building momentum for broader access to NIPT. International support for NIPT coverage also continues to grow, fueling the continued rapid adoption of our CE-IVD marked NIPT kit. For example, there was positive news from Italy and Sweden where new coverage requirements were approved during the first quarter of 2021.
Moving to genetic disease testing. Customers are choosing Illumina's highly accurate and scalable sequencers, and our growth rate in this segment exceeded the company's growth rate in Q1. We also continue to see new favorable coverage decisions being issued. This quarter, 2 major health insurers in Germany announced that they will cover the cost of whole genome and whole exome sequencing for rare disease for their over 10 million members. And Geisinger in the U.S. expanded coverage to include epilepsy and cerebral palsy. Research continues to demonstrate a 40% to 68% diagnostic yield for children suspected of having a genetic disease, and whole genome sequencing is used as a first-tier test. The increasing coverage of these tests will provide more patients with faster diagnoses and better care.
Turning to our research and academic segment. We saw strong growth in the quarter compared to the prior year period as the majority of research and academic customers have returned to the lab. The pandemic and emerging variants of concern have raised awareness within governments around the world about the essential role that genomic pathogen surveillance plays in the fight against infectious disease. We're seeing investment globally in the creation of a pathogen surveillance infrastructure to manage outbreaks and improve health outcomes, including sequencing capabilities to determine the spread of pathogens, the emergence of variant strains and emerging drug or vaccine resistance.
In the U.S., the American Rescue Plan Act includes $1.7 billion in funding for the CDC to improve sequencing capacity to identify mutation and circulation of viruses. In Europe, the EC announced EUR 123 million commitment to combat COVID variants. In India, the government launched the Indian SARS-CoV-2 Genomic Consortia with a plan to sequence 120,000 viral genomes over the next 4 months. This investment in sequencing for national genomic surveillance activities drove approximately $55 million of incremental revenue in the first quarter, comprising of $35 million in instrument placements and $20 million in sequencing consumables.
As countries around the world battle the pandemic, we expect continued investment in genomic pathogen surveillance to expand national genomic epidemiology capabilities. While the initial focus of this infrastructure is COVID surveillance, there are durable longer-term needs, including tracking future emerging natural pathogens, bio terrorism, antimicrobial drug resistance and hospital-acquired infections, and determining how host genetics can impact the risk and severity of infectious disease. While the pandemic has certainly fueled demand for our sequencing, we also believe it has established a new baseline of awareness and infrastructure build-out that will support sustained activity.
As we work through the COVID-19 pandemic, we're also seeing acceleration in several population genomics programs, expanding our presence in national health systems around the world. In the U.S., All of Us ramped up sample volumes in Q1 to a level that we expect to continue throughout 2021. In Japan, the Tohoku Medical Megabank Organization chose Illumina sequencing for a 40,000-sample multigenerational study to take place this year. In February, Egypt announced the first population genomics program in Africa with the launch of their Egyptian genome project. This project is focused on establishing a map of the Egyptian human genome with the goal of ushering the country into the world of precision medicine.
Large population health initiatives serve as one good example of our focus on improving the health of patients, communities and our planet. Earlier this month, we published our second annual CSR report, outlining our specific commitments to help improve our world. This 2021 report is available on our website, and notable highlights include expanded transparency on U.S. diversity demographics, climate resilience planning, disclosure on trade group membership and data assurance on energy and emissions. We look forward to continued investor feedback on the evolution of our environmental, social and governance programs.
Our commitment to the advancement of human health is an Illumina core tenet, which brings me to GRAIL. We are pleased with the progress GRAIL is making and remain committed to pursue the completion of the GRAIL acquisition. GRAIL recently presented affirmative data from its CCGA3 study at the American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting and is expecting to launch Galleri, its breakthrough multi-cancer early detection screening test, in Q2. One of the many reasons we decided to acquire GRAIL was to accelerate patient access to breakthrough multi-cancer early detection blood tests, which could save tens of thousands of lives. We are committed to supporting all our customers and strongly believe that our acquisition of GRAIL is pro-competitive. We expect the acquisition to accelerate the early detection of cancer market as a whole. We saw a similar dynamic play out in the noninvasive prenatal testing market where, after Illumina's entry, the market grew and prices decreased, making these important tests accessible to a much larger population of pregnant women.
And now I'll turn it over to Sam.

Thank you, Sam. Illumina is off to a very strong start to 2021, and it's clear that momentum is building across our customers globally. We witnessed the diversity and strength of our growing community in our first annual customer conference over the last couple of days. About 8,500 people registered to hear from the world's leading genomic and health care pioneers, including Jennifer Doudna, Francis Collins, Bill Gates, Frances Arnold and Dame Sue Hill. The topics included the critical role of genomics in fighting the pandemic, making genomics a foundational element of a national standard of care, integrating multi-omic readouts and harnessing the power of AI and machine learning in oncology, among others.
From battling cancer to genetic disease diagnosis, defining the pandemic, the transformative impact genomics will have on human health is accelerating, and we, at Illumina, are proud of the key role that our customers, partners and employees are playing in making it happen.
Now I'll invite the operator to open for Q&A.

Great. Well, thanks for your questions, Puneet. I'll start by saying that it is -- it's exciting to see how the world is sort of moving forward with putting out a surveillance infrastructure for pathogens. It's something, as you know, Puneet, we've been talking about from the beginning of last year and talking about the fact that, in addition to testing, what we really need is this genomic epidemiology infrastructure. So it's encouraging to see that play out around the world and to see the big commitments here made in the U.S.
Now to get to your question, in terms of what we're building into this year, the vast majority of the growth in that 25% to 28% is coming from our core business. So the way we've modeled this year is we said, look, we expect small contributions from the surveillance infrastructure over the course of the whole year. We saw some investment in Q1. And so we saw a bolus of $35 million in instrument purchases that we got in Q1 to lay out some of that infrastructure, and we saw some consumables infrastructure. So in terms of our model, we continue to model some consumable purchases over the course of the rest of the year but not a lot in terms of additional infrastructure investment.
Now the way we expect it to play out is we are seeing the [ bid commitment ] made even in the U.S. around the American Rescue Plan, and we expect some of that investment to be released towards the tail end of this year and start to play out more sort of next year. And what's interesting is that this infrastructure, while it'll be very helpful in fighting the pandemic, it's really a durable plan by the nations that are rolling it out. And what they are thinking about is a long-term creation of a genomics-based pathogen surveillance infrastructure to help fight this pandemic and prepare for the next outbreak, whether it's a natural outbreak or bio terrorism or emerging antimicrobial resistance or hospital-acquired infections. And so we do expect, as you point out, some tail on this. It's not a story of this year. In fact, we've modeled in very little this year but it really is a story that plays out into next year and going forward. And so that's how we're thinking about it in terms of model. Obviously, as more details come out, we'll make sure to share them with you.
In terms of GRAIL, as I said, we are committed to pursuing the acquisition of GRAIL. In the U.S., that means we are taking sort of our case into district court. And we're also working with the European Commission on their review of the GRAIL acquisition. We continue to feel that the facts are on our side, the law is on our side. And we continue to expect that the deal will close and will close in the second half of this year.

Great. Doug, so let me take both parts of your question. So I'll talk first about our acquisition strategy, specifically touching on any impact from our experience with the FTC and how it changes our philosophy going forward. And then I'll talk about guidance for the rest of the year. And Sam may contribute then, too.
So I'll start by saying if you look at our acquisitions over the last couple of years, we have -- we attempted the PacBio acquisition. I think it's about 3 years ago, initiated that, and we obviously didn't get that through the FTC. But we were successful in closing the Edico acquisition, which was a huge success in terms of building in the DRAGEN technology into our sequencers and has been super well received by our customers, and so really created a positive momentum on the informatics side. We also completed, for example, the Enancio acquisition and brought lossless data compression technologies and capabilities into our into our sequencers as well. And so what we're seeing is we've had success in terms of buying innovative technologies that we can build into our sequencers and take to market. But we're also seeing that given how popular our sequencers are in our core market that we have work to do in terms of some of these bigger acquisitions.
And so one, I think we're going to continue to scan the marketplace and look for acquisitions that make sense, both technology tuck-ins as well as, from time to time, larger acquisitions that make sense. We continue to believe that vertical acquisitions are well within bounds, and that's where we're going to go to court on the GRAIL acquisition. And we also recognize that given the scale we are and given our position in the market, we will have to do more work in terms of educating the regulators about our business and making sure they are up to speed on our business even before we do an acquisition. So that's another takeaway over the last couple of years. Strategically, though, I'd say, we're still continuing to focus on making sure that we are looking for places where we can allocate capital, both internally and externally, that deliver maximum shareholder value. And that focus hasn't changed at all.
In terms of our guiding philosophy for the year, I think you touched on a couple of important points. It's a balanced point of view, we feel, that, on the one hand, recognizes that we're coming into the year and we're coming off the quarter with a huge amount of momentum in our core business. So if you look at both the clinical side of the business and the research side of the business, we're seeing real strength. And that's showing up in terms of the revenue numbers that we had in Q4 but, obviously, also in Q1. It's showing up in the orders numbers. It's showing up in the instrument, the huge instrument growth rate we saw year-on-year in Q1, and so a huge amount of momentum in our core business.
You add to that, we're seeing very positive signs from the COVID surveillance add-on business. And so on the one hand, there's huge amount of momentum going into the rest of the year. But as you point out, there's still uncertainty because we're still dealing with the pandemic. And so we're still watching to see how the pandemic plays out as countries are grappling with the third wave and a fourth wave, and that could have impact on people's ability to go into the labs or run their clinical sequencing that they need. And so we're balancing those two. And the numbers we put out, although they're big numbers, we have confidence in and we think it strikes that appropriate balance.
I don't know, Sam, if you have anything else to add.

Great. Thanks, Tycho. All right. There's a bunch of questions in there, so let me make sure I capture them all. I will -- so first, you asked us about the strength we're seeing from the instrument portfolio, a comment on what's driving that. Then you asked about COVID surveillance and said, look, we talked about we represent about 70% of the surveillance testing that was done and how is that playing out since we last talked about the numbers, which instruments play best for that, and then sort of a commentary on the competitive landscape.
Okay. So let me start with instrument strength. Yes, we talked about the fact that we had enormous instrument strength in Q1, so more than doubling year-over-year in terms of the revenue in Q1 that we got from sequencing instruments, a huge amount of strength. And what's driving that is the strength in the core businesses, both the clinical side and the research side. We talked about the strength that we saw on the clinical side in oncology testing. That oncology testing, as a segment, is now not only our largest clinical segment, but it's actually our fastest-growing segment. And there's lots of drivers behind the strength in the oncology segment, right, and more broadly in the clinical segment. One of the big drivers is we saw a very significant step forward in reimbursement across a number of clinical segments last year: genetic disease testing, oncology, NIPT. And so what's happening is that the addressable market in terms of people who have access to the tests in a reimbursed way has expanded last year. And so that's driving increased business for our customers in the clinic, and that's driving their purchases.
Other dynamics that are playing out are the strength of the clinical business in China, for example, and the clearance we received from the NMPA around NextSeq, and that's driving an instrument growth. And so it's not catch-up. It's just the market continues to build, right? So with more reimbursement, the addressable market expands. With more cleared products, the addressable market expands in terms of our ability to place instruments into hospitals, for example, in China. And that's really what's driving the instrument strength. And obviously, that's hugely exciting because that talks well about future consumable spend from all the instruments that we placed in Q1.
In terms of COVID and what we talked about is, if you look at GISAID or NCBI, you can track, in terms of the number of genomes that are deposited, the platforms they have been run on. And so I think there was a helpful blog that came out in the last couple of days. I think Keith Robison did a genomics omics blog. And he sort of did an analysis, and it's pretty close to what we did, too, which says that our share there is about -- it's gone up to about 79%. Now all the genomes in GISAID have been done on Illumina platforms. I think the next highest is ONT with about 17%, I believe, and that sort of tapers off after that. And so similar but maybe a little bit better than what we talked about last time.
In terms of the instruments, there's a broad range of instruments that are being used for surveillance. Obviously, NovaSeqs are a very popular instrument in the high-volume shops. But we're seeing a lot of NextSeqs and MiSeqs being used as well. And so it's sort of the blend, if you like, that are playing really well. In terms of competition, there's always competition in the market. As you can imagine, a market that's this early and growing this quickly is going to continue to attract investment dollars. So like you, we're looking at some emerging players that are going to be [ investing ] in the next year or 2, and I think you listed some of them, there are clearly players that are in the market right now, too, that we compete with. But that's been true every year. So I'd say, every year, we face sort of a new wave of venture-funded competitors. And it's up to us to continue to innovate and deliver more value to our customers.

Yes. So as you point out, obviously, we work very closely with our customers, we have terrific customers like FMI and Garden and so on in oncology testing. And our perspective is that they -- if you were in the liquid biopsy space, so if you offered a blood-based test, you're actually more durable through the pandemic than many other types of clinical testing. And so some of our customers found very innovative ways in terms of mobile [ phlebotomy ] units or having home-based access to the test even for some patients. And that's possible if you have a blood test. And so in oncology testing, I think one of the stories of the pandemic is going to be that there was an acceleration of the acceptance of liquid biopsy, and I think that's a durable trend. I think we come out of the pandemic, and you'll continue to see the growth in liquid biopsy, because people realize that not only can you get high-quality results, but it's a much more patient-friendly way to do the test than a tissue-based test. So I think if possible, you'll see liquid biopsy being a preferred way to go.
Now what that means, there isn't really a whole lot of catch-up to do in Q1 because you saw the durability of liquid biopsies. And so far and away, I think the biggest driver of the strength in oncology are things like: one, expanded reimbursement for things like CGP; two, the continued emergence of new therapeutics that leverage genomic biomarkers. And that's also showing up in terms of the companion diagnostic relationships that we're signing up for TSO 500. And then the availability of products like TSO 500 from us, from our partners that create products that make it easier for labs to stand up those tests. And so I think all of those factors are driving the durable strength in oncology testing, and there may be a little catch up. But frankly, if there was, it wasn't much, in my opinion.

I think that's a good observation in terms of the fact that liquid biopsy or blood-based tests are used for various types of testing in oncology. So one type, as you point out, is multi-cancer early detection, which is what GRAIL does as well as other players that are looking to do that in the market. Another area that liquid biopsy is used is for therapy selection, so helping match cancer patients who were already diagnosed with the right therapies for them. We already have a product, a kit, that serves that space. So our TSO 500 product is used for therapy selection. A completely different part of the market, requires a different technology, looks for different things in the blood. And so liquid biopsy can be used for many things, but they're very different segments. And all of them are different and require sort of different technologies as part of a liquid biopsy approach.
The answer is, yes, we are going to continue to look at M&A going forward. It's going to be both technology tuck-ins that help us advance our mission and our strategic priorities and that could be a range of things. It could be technology tuck-ins. It could look for capabilities that extend the offerings as part of our sequencing offerings. And so we're going to continue to do that.

Okay. So you got a few parts there. So I'll start, and we'll talk a little bit about COVID. And the question is, why not more, right, because it clearly is now a very recognized value in terms of using sequencing for genomic pathogen-based surveillance, both for COVID and as a recognition that this infrastructure is going to be valuable for many, many, many years to come. So the question is why not more. The second question you had is with arrays, have we bottomed out.
Okay. So let's go to the first one. We absolutely sort of believe that we are laying an infrastructure here that's durable, that it's going to be an important part of all national -- major national health systems going forward. We absolutely believe that this infrastructure is going to be valuable not just to protect the public health but also from a national defense perspective. So we expect this is going to play out over a decade plus, right, and we are going to have, in most countries, some kind of genomic pathogen-based surveillance going forward.
In terms of how we thought about it this year, so the way we thought about it this year is we said you see some bolus of instrument buying in Q1, and we expect -- that was the bulk of the instrument buying we should expect to see this year. And we've talked about the fact that many countries now, we engaged with them last year, they bought some sequencing. And so for the rest of this year, we expect to continue to see consumable buying. But our expectation is -- well, you saw the bulk of the instrument buying for what's going to happen this year already happened. It is possible that more happens, and the things that would drive that are, obviously, the American Rescue Plan that talks about some very big numbers.
Our expectations are that it's going to take a while for the details to be worked out. And so while you'll see consumables being purchased over the course of the year, it won't really be towards the end of the year, we expect, that you'll start to see people talking about, okay, where are these 6 Centers of Excellence, how much sequencing infrastructure do they already have, how much additional hardware we need. And so it's going to be a story of the tail end of this year going into next year and beyond from an instruments perspective. And so that's how we thought about it. We'll keep you up-to-date if any of that accelerates over the course of this year. In terms of arrays, we did see some growth year-over-year. And there are different parts to that business. There's the direct-to-consumer part, and then there's sort of ag, and maybe Sam will talk a little bit about how those parts play out.

Yes. So thanks, Derik. So a couple of -- I guess, 3 questions: one around HiSeq, the second one about our guide and then the third about stock-based comp. So I'll start talking with HiSeq, and then I'll turn it over to Sam to talk about the other two.
So in terms of the HiSeqs, well, when we first started the NovaSeq upgrade path, as you know, we talked about the fact there were 850 HiSeq customers that, over time, we expect that the majority -- the vast majority of them would move to NovaSeq. So between 2017 and then until the end of last year, we went from 850 that had to upgrade, and then we refreshed the numbers and shared with you that we are now left with 320 that had to upgrade. And so that upgrade continued in Q1. I don't think there was a bolus or a catch-up. I think it was more of a steady sort of course of upgrade as we've continued to see, and we expect to continue to see that play forward over the quarters of this year and going into future years. So there was definitely continued upgrading, but there wasn't really a giant bolus or a catch-up that happened.
So now I'll turn over to you, Sam.

Yes. And thanks, Sam. And maybe, Derik, I'll give you some more color on NovaSeq. So the reality is we're seeing a huge amount of momentum in the NovaSeq business. So we talked about the fact that in Q4, we saw our highest order quarter for NovaSeq since we first launched the product in Q1 of 2017, which is really impressive because we're entering the fifth year of NovaSeq, right? So we had huge amount of momentum in Q4, record orders, again, second only to when we launched. And then in Q1, we again had a huge amount of momentum. Just to talk about the fact that it was our strongest placement order for first quarter of any year since we've launched NovaSeq. So you're absolutely right, we're seeing this huge amount of momentum.
Now what's driving that? I talked about the fact that it wasn't any kind of catch-up in terms of upgrade. And what's interesting, and we called this out before and it's continued, is that we're seeing a huge amount of strength from new to Illumina, new to high throughput customers. And that's something we didn't expect when we launched NovaSeq, that about half were going to come from labs that were fundamentally enabled by the democratization of sequencing that NovaSeq represents. And that continues the launch of v1.5. And so what we're hearing from the market is 1.5 really catalyzed the elasticity of demand and was the accelerant that drove those large amount of orders of NovaSeq in Q4 and the placements that we saw in Q1.