Thank you, Jacquie, and good afternoon, everyone. A few weeks ago, we reported second quarter revenue, which fell short of our expectations. We're very disappointed with this and I would like to take the next few minutes to walk you through the components of the shortfall and the actions we're taking as a result. 
Consistent with our preannouncement, second quarter revenue of $838 million was impacted by 3 factors; the timing of population genomics initiatives, lower-than-expected DTC revenue and lower-than-expected revenue associated with our non-high throughput portfolio. Now that we've had time to analyze the quarter, I would like to share our insights into each of these factors. But before I do, I want to be clear that none of the contributors to our miss in Q2 challenge our conviction about the market, the broad and unbounded genomics opportunity or the competitive position of our technology. 
Addressing each contributor in turn, first, as we support a growing number of population genomics programs, it is becoming clear that the ramp in the early phases can vary dramatically from expectations. In 2019, due to a number of logistical factors, we saw several programs ramp more slowly than projected, delaying revenue in the second quarter and throughout 2019. 
To reflect more variable time lines, we're now allowing for slower ramp up trajectories in our forecasting. Next, the ongoing weakness in the DTC market has resulted in a significant shortfall in our array business. We have previously based our DTC expectations on customer forecasts. But given unanticipated market softness, we are taking an even more cautious view of the opportunity in the near term. With limited visibility on when the market will return to growth, we have lowered our full year expectation substantially to reflect the near-term uncertainties. 
And lastly, in our analysis over the last 4 weeks, we have found no consistent contributors to the non-high throughput sequencing in consumables miss. No single theme emerged. Rather, we determined that the miss was linked to a number of customer, program or product-specific factors that routinely impact every quarter, sometimes positively and sometimes negatively. 
In the case of the second quarter, the net effect of these shifts was negative, but we do not believe indicative of any fundamental changes in the business. Given the revenue shortfall, we're looking carefully at operating expenses to ensure we are spending appropriately through the rest of 2019, but rest assured we will always prioritize innovation. 
In summary, with the exception of the transition in DTC, we do not see any structural or fundamental change in the genomics opportunity. We continue to believe that we are in the early stages of a thesis that will play out over the next decade or more. We're confident that Illumina is well positioned to keep playing an important role in improving human health by helping our customers unlock the power of the genome. 
Sam will get into the details of our financial results, but I'm going to start by focusing on growth drivers. This was a strong quarter for oncology testing, driving growth in both sequencing consumables and systems. While these are still early days, it is increasingly clear that genomic information will transform the standard of care for oncology patients. 
In the U.S., more than 200 million lives are covered by insurers for targeted or comprehensive genomic testing. And yet, of the 18 million cancer patients that were diagnosed in 2018, only a low single-digit percentage of patients have their tumor sequenced, highlighting the substantial opportunity ahead of us. Researchers and scientists around the world have recognized the need for more personalized therapies, evidenced by the growing number of targeted and immuno-oncology or IO therapies. In 2018, we saw a 67% increase in the number of experimental therapies in the global IO pipeline. And it's estimated that there are over 1,600 clinical trials currently registered for immunotherapies. 
In fact, in 2018, 12 new drugs were launched with a predictive biomarker, 9 of which were approved for oncology indications and 4 were launched with companion diagnostics. Regulatory bodies are also working closely with the industry to help accelerate the introduction of novel drugs and diagnostics to the market. In the last 2 years, the FDA has granted Breakthrough Device Designation for 8 genomic assays, including our companion diagnostics assay based on TSO 500 content. Data continues to emerge on applications for early detection, therapy selection and recurrence monitoring, highlighting the opportunity ahead. With the continued emergence of new genomic biomarkers, it is clear that comprehensive genomic profiling or CGP, will offer the best insights to improve patient outcomes. 
Earlier this year, we launched TSO 500 RUO, our 523 gene assay that includes detection of emerging biomarkers, such as TMB and MSI. With TSO 500, customers can detect both DNA and RNA variance, which is key for comprehensive detection of both known and novel fusions. For example, NTRK fusions cause cancer across many tumor types and can have multiple fusion partners. So TSO 500's ability to detect novel fusion partners with its hybrid capture enrichment method is crucial to identifying actionable mutations. 
We have received positive feedback on the robustness of the panel and several customers have begun validating or offering TSO 500, including global CROs. We're pleased to share that TSO 500 performance and demand have exceeded our expectations. We continue to partner with 3 pharma companies to develop a companion diagnostic or CDx for indications associated with NTRK, RET and TMB. 
Over time, we believe more partners will leverage TSO 500 to identify actionable mutations for additional CDx indications. Recently, the National Comprehensive Cancer Network updated their prostate cancer guideline with new recommendations, stating NGS as the preferred method when testing patient's MSI status for lynch syndrome or eligibility for pembroluzimab in castration-resistant prostate cancer. Additionally, the guideline was updated to include NGS as an option when germ line testing is recommended. This is a notable development and evidence that NGS-based testing is improving the standard of care. We're excited that our TSO 500 assay could enable testing for both germline and MSI requirements with a single tissue sample. 
In the second quarter, more than 10 NovaSeq Systems in the U.S. were associated with CGP or liquid biopsy customers. Most of these went to customers scaling their NovaSeq operations, but 4 systems went to first-time NovaSeq customers, highlighting that oncology testing is starting to move firmly into the realm of high throughput. 
Genetic testing is also showing momentum. 5 children's hospitals in the U.S. added NovaSeq this quarter to perform pediatric genomic testing. It's estimated that up to 14% of all pediatric hospital admissions are driven by a genetic condition. Because genomic testing is the only way to diagnose some conditions, this equips physicians with the ability to save children and their parents a painful and expensive multi-year diagnostic odyssey. Leveraging the success of Rady Children's Hospital's in genetic disease testing, other hospitals are looking to implement genomics in the pediatric setting. Notably, Florida is funding clinical whole-genome sequencing for critically ill children at the Nicklaus Children's Hospital in Miami. 
In the U.S., more than 150 million lives are covered for whole-exome sequencing for patients suspected of a genetic disease and yet we believe less than 1% of eligible patients have had their exome our genome sequenced. Just recently, Blue Shield of California updated their medical policy to cover rapid whole-genome sequencing for children with undiagnosed disease. This is a huge milestone, making Blue Shield of California the first major Blue Cross Blue Shield plan to cover whole-genome sequencing following the positive health technology assessment review from Evidence Street earlier this year. 
Moving to reproductive health. We continue to see NIPT expand its reach in both high-risk and average risk pregnancies. We see the largest opportunities in the U.S. and in China, where we currently estimate a combined penetration of only 30%. This means that around 70% or just under 15 million births a year could benefit from access to NIPT. In the EU, less than 15% of pregnancies are covered and we are seeing steady progress on improving coverage. In connection with continued momentum and reimbursement tailwinds, NIPT had a record revenue quarter with growing awareness and adoption. 
In Europe, customers of our CE-IVD, Veriseq NIPT products processed nearly twice as many samples in the second quarter compared to the same quarter last year, driven by the positive reimbursement environment and growing awareness of NIPT benefits. We are very excited to see this level demand for NIPT and believe continued innovation will drive further growth in adoption. Just last month, we launched the expanded version of VeriSeq NIPT, which is a CE-IVD test that offers the most comprehensive view of the fetal genome compared to other CE-IVD NIPT products. VeriSeq version 2 adds karyotype resolution across the genome, significantly increasing the number of chromosomal abnormalities that can be detected. We're seeing strong interest and expect to upgrade the majority of our partner labs to VeriSeq v2 within a year. 
Turning to population genomics, we have seen no change to the level of commitment that governments and other stakeholders have shown towards these projects. In fact, the overall population genomics thesis had not changed. Large-scale population initiatives offer the opportunity to personalized medicine and improve the overall standard of care to ensure the optimal clinical and economic outcomes for patients. They allow pharma companies to develop more effective therapies and accelerate the time from discovery to market and they offer the promise of deepening our understanding of the human genome for the benefit of all. It's therefore, no surprise that we continue to see a growing list of countries, health systems and pharma companies announcing commitments to large-scale genomics initiatives. But as expected, these are complex programs with many stakeholders and therefore, it can take years to gain critical mass and ramp in volumes. 
In 2019, we've seen how these large initiatives can have moving time lines. Let me share some insight into the programs that have impacted the most in the near term, but continue to give us confidence that large-scale genomics initiatives will be a long-term growth driver. First, the large deal that we expect it to close in the second quarter was one that involved a number of stakeholders. The delays associated with the final alignment between all the parties before they can sign off, but it continues to move forward. Second, we have decreased our full year expectations linked with the All of Us program here in the U.S. due to some risk in the timing of the launch of the 25,000 whole-genome pilot. To be clear, we believe there is no shortage of samples or funding. Rather, we understand the program is in the process of submitting investigational device exemptions to the FDA and is working with the IRB to receive approval for the consent process for returning results to volunteers. Additionally, they are in the process of selecting providers for genetic counseling resources. While we remain confident that the program will scale, we now project a 2020 start. 
Third, we have also decreased our full year expectations for the NHS commissioning, which you'll recall is the clinical implementation of whole-genome sequencing that is expected to follow the 100,000 genome project in the U.K. Incorporating routine genomic testing into a nationalized health service is not a small undertaking and the NHS is in the midst of making the necessary adjustments and building an information system to support the transition. Beyond these programs, we have seen similar delays in other smaller programs that are also now reflected in our guidance revision. Despite these timing adjustments, we want to iterate that Illumina is excited to be able to support these efforts to evolve our understanding of human health and disease, while we've seen continued softness in consumer genomics over the past few quarters, we are optimistic about the long-term DTC opportunity. 
We estimate that less than 10% of individuals in the U.S. and significantly fewer worldwide have ever purchased a DTC test. As such, we do not believe that the DTC market is saturated. In the coming years, we expect to see the level of adoption significantly increase in the U.S. and around the world for applications, including genealogy, wellness, pharmacogenomics, health and entertainment. We view this as a transitory phase of growth, which is allowing DTC companies to explore new product offerings that meet evolving consumer interest. 
Importantly, Illumina is committed to supporting our DTC customers as we strongly believe genomic insights will empower individuals to become more involved in their daily lives. 
Let me now turn to research. The Human Genome Project was launched in 1988 and with the help of international researchers, the first human genome was finally completed in 2003. Since then, institutions and researchers from around the world have continued to fund and propel sequencing projects to gain valuable insights into human health. We made impressive progress in our ability to diagnose and treat cancer and even develop life-saving vaccines. But we're still in the early stage of developing treatment for most complex genetic disorders, such as Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's and autism. These research efforts are invaluable as they inspire scientists to drive their insights into commercialized products that can touch the lives of millions. The immunology and computational discoveries at Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Institute resulted in the spin out of Adaptive Biotechnologies, who successfully went public last month. 
Separately, after years of genomic research, Johns Hopkins University spun out CancerSEEK, a potentially groundbreaking liquid biopsy early detection test. And new scientific discoveries will continue to unlock future research efforts. For example, scientists at Harvard University have discovered new microfluidics, a novel software that can be used to accelerate single cell ATAC-seq, which could have meaningful impact on single cell genomics. We're excited to see sequencing play such a significant role in these monumental research efforts. According to the STI Global Assessment Report, sequencing technologies are expected to be the most dominant life sciences instrument for research as a percentage of dollar spent. This reinforces our excitement about the Pacific Biosciences acquisition. Integrating workflows for our short-read technology with PacBio's highly accurate long-read sequencing technology will help accelerate the research discoveries that we believe will lead to new clinical insights. 
We continue to work closely with the regulators and expect the deal to close before the end of the year. To date, less than 1% of the variance detected in human genomes have a function clearly ascribed to them. Researchers around the world are working to understand the function of the remaining variance in the human genome not to mention all of the other biology that surround this. To that end, innovation and quality remain our priorities, as we work to deliver industry-leading tools that support researchers globally as they endeavor to understand the genetic basis of life. 
Before I hand it over to Sam, I want to provide some of the key trends from the second quarter that give us confidence about the overall health and trajectory of the business. Excluding the large deal that didn't close as expected, second quarter NovaSeq shipments were ahead of expectations. We continue to expect NovaSeq shipments in 2019 to be flat to slightly up from 2018. Pull-through per NovaSeq was once again above $1 million per system per year and was up sequentially. Even with our lower full year revenue expectations, we continue to expect NovaSeq pull-through per system to grow compared to 2018 and to be over $1 million per system. 
S4 shipments exceeded $100 million for the first time this quarter and more than doubled from the same quarter a year ago. As expected, HiSeq consumables continue to decline, but combined high throughput consumables grew both sequentially and year-over-year. We are pleased with the response of the introduction of S Prime and to the new lower pricing for the S1 and S2 flow cells. Growth in both S1 and S2 revenue more than offset the impact of the price decreases affected in the first quarter, while S Prime flow cell shipments more than doubled in the second quarter of launch. 
Of note, lower throughput NovaSeq flow cell introductions and pricing adjustments are part of our strategy to catalyze the next wave of NovaSeq conversions. And in the second quarter, nearly 30% of our NovaSeq purchases were from existing HiSeq customers. NovaSeq system ASPs were lower due to several multiunit purchases in addition to customers taking advantage of our HiSeq trade-in program. Additionally, new to Illumina or straight-from-desktop customers represented over half of all NovaSeq orders in the second quarter, the highest proportion since launch. 
We also continue to see growth in NextSeq's placements with system shipments growing sequentially and year-over-year. We're pleased to report that we placed a record number of NextSeqDx systems in the quarter and mid-throughput sequencing consumables associated with our NextSeq system were within our targeted range of $130,000 to $160,000. 
For the low throughput portfolio, MiniSeq pull-through was within targeted range of $20,000 to $25,000 and reflecting the benchtop weakness discussed in the preannounced, MiSeq pull-through was slightly below our $40,000 to $45,000 range. We were encouraged to see that system shipments for the entire low throughput portfolio grew both sequentially and year-over-year. 
With that, I'll hand over to Sam to review our second quarter financial results in detail. Sam?

Sure. Thanks, Ross. I'll start with the commentary and color on the POPSEQ opportunities. I'd say that we've learned a few things going through the last quarter. We learned about the ramp of the POPSEQ opportunities and I'll talk about that, and we also learned about the evolving makeup of the POPSEQ opportunities and the different drivers. And overall, I'd say, look, we are pioneering a whole new area here with our customers, right? This whole area of population genomics is brand-new. Over the last few years, it was really just Genomics England that we were working with that was the whole sort of POPSEQ opportunity. And now, we're working with dozens of countries around launching these population initiatives in all of those countries. So it's a brand-new area and there's just not a lot of pattern matching to do in terms of how these things will ramp up. So we're collectively learning as an ecosystem about how these systems will roll out. And in terms of the ramp, what we are learning is, all the different things that need to happen to get these things to scale. And in some senses, there's a lot of things that have to happen that are across the countries. So it's about setting up access to the samples, it's good about getting the informatics pipeline in place, it's about sort of integrating with the national health systems. And in some cases, that are just things that we're learning that are unique about the different opportunities and we're learning together as we go through our customers -- go through with our customers. And so based on those learnings with the NHS in the U.K. and GeL with all of us and a number of other initiatives, that's what's caused us to revise our guidance and take a more cautious view in terms of how these deals are going to ramp. 
In the U.S., for example, we know working with all of us that there are already 3 things that they're moving the ball forward on. One is on their ID submission with the FDA; the second one is getting their IRB approval around some send and return of samples; and the third is selecting the genetic counseling services that they're going to be working with. They're making progress on all of them, but they are all complex. And so from our projections, we've moved out the ramp into 2020. The other thing that we've learned though beyond the ramp is the makeup of these population genomics initiatives and we continue to see growth in terms of the number of countries that are interested and have announced initiatives. 
So in the last quarter, for example, we've heard from countries like Korea talking about their plan to sequence a million genomes by 2029. India has announced plans for Genome India Project that it plans to launch. And then we've also learned about the interest in pharma companies in getting involved in these population genomics initiatives. You've seen the announcement from deCODE partnering with Intermountain to sequence 500,000 individuals. There was a partnership between Mayo and Regeneron, between Nebula Genomics and EMD Serono. And so we're seeing a whole other ecosystem show up in this population genomics world where it's pharma collaborating with these population genomics initiatives. So it's hugely exciting because it increases the utility of these programs, but it also adds complexity in terms of the ramp up of the process and that's what we are running.

So if I look forward then, Tycho, and start to think about 2020 and beyond, there are few things I'll say. One, while we have moved the projection of All of Us out of 2019, we certainly expect it to be a contributor in 2020. And what All of Us has said, as you know, is that they wanted to sequence 25,000 genomes in their first year of operation. And so you can expect that some of that shows up obviously in 2020. Similarly, we expect the NHS to start ramping up into next year and that will be a contributor next year. 
In addition, we have a lot of these other population sequencing initiatives, whether it's France or I talked about Singapore or India and then some of the longer-term seeds that are being sown. We also expect to see contributions from initiatives like Australia, where they have announced their AUD 500 million genomics investment focusing on rare disease and cancer. We touched on Singapore, we expect to continue to see development in the Million Veteran's Program here. And so we see population sequencing continuing to build and we certainly expect it to be a bigger contributor in 2020 and going forward than it has been historically. If we look at China, there are a number of things that we think will serve as growth drivers into the future. We'll start with NIPT. If we look at where we are today, we estimate today, there are 3 million to 4 million NIPT tests done annually in China. And the opportunity there is much bigger because there are 15 million births a year. And so we're expecting to continue to see increased penetration into that NIPT market and we're doing a number of things to continue to drive that for the longer term. So we signed a partnership, for example, with the Medical Information Institute of the China Academy of Medical Science for an NIPT health and economic study. And the idea there is to build evidence from the benefits of NIPT for first-line use, so that we can continue to expand the penetration of NIPT in China. In addition, we expect oncology to continue to be a driver in the Chinese market. And to that end, we've announced a number of partnerships, including one with AnchorDx for IVD partners -- partnership development for oncology assays on the MiSeqDx. And so that builds on the stable of partners that we're building in China that includes Annoroad and Amoy across the reproductive health and oncology space. Longer term in China, we're also excited about the emergence of a consumer genomics segment in China. So if you look at companies like, WeGene they are estimating that they will do tens of thousands of consumer genomics test starting next year and building. And so we think long term, that could be a growth driver in China as well.

Yes. If I add just a little bit more color. So as you know, Doug, this is a cyclical business and it wouldn't be right to take this year's growth rate as sort of indicative of a new normal. As we look at next year and going forward, while there have been delays, for example, in the ramp up of some of these populations sequencing initiatives, they will ramp up and some of them starting early next year. And the interesting thing about these population sequencing initiatives for a lot of them is that they're not projects. They're not the sort of one-off research projects, but they become the standard of care in a national health system. So for example, the way it's being rolled out in the U.K. at the NHS is once this is rolled out, it does become a standard of care for the population going forward around genetic disease and oncology testing, and that's how a lot of countries are thinking about it. And so that's all accretive to our growth over time and that's really not a factor this year in terms of revenue for us. Then also, if we look at the placement of instruments, which over a multi-quarter period, once you adjust for the lumpiness of the business is an indicator of the future growth of our business. If you look at -- on the high throughput side, we're pleased with NovaSeq's performance, shipments are ahead of both Q1 and first half expectations. Orders are up both sequentially and year-over-year. So the NovaSeq demand and the high throughput end of the portfolio is still very robust. And then if you look at NextSeq, we talked about the record placement of NovaSeq systems and the lower throughput portfolio shipments also grew both sequentially and year-over-year, and so those are good indicators, we believe, of future growth.

And then if I take your oncology question, Steve. Let's say, look, TMB is an interesting area of research, but it's certainly not a big driver of our oncology business today. If I think about what's really driving our oncology business, a lot of it is driven by customers that are using our assays or our partner assays on our sequencers to identify the mutational profile of a tumor to then connect the patient with the appropriate personalized therapy. So mutation profiling of a tumor, tumor normal sequencing is one of the big drivers, liquid biopsy is another big driver of our business with customers using our sequencing to monitor for cancer recurrence, to do the cancer profiling and then obviously to do the big studies around potential for cancer screening. That -- those are some of the big used cases that are drivers of our oncology business today. TMB is one of the additional biomarkers that some of our customers are looking at and there's lots of interest in trying to understand the predictive capability of TMB. And if you look at our TSO 500 assay, it has measurement of TMB as one of the components of the assay, but it also does DNA and RNA profiling and it also does MSI, and it looks for fusions both known and novel fusions. So a whole set of things in the TSO 500 assay, including as one of them for some of our customers, looking for TMB and then assessing its value as a predictive biomarker for the effectiveness of a therapy.

Yes. So where we are with PacBio to close on that question is, we are currently working in Phase II, as you know, with the CMA. And the way that works is, they've appointed a panel that we are working with to provide the information they need to make the decision to answer questions that they have. And the CMA has up to the middle of December to come back with a decision. They've not always taken that full time, so they could come back with a decision before that, but that's the time they have. Similarly, we're working in the U.S. here with the FTC and we are providing them with the additional information they need to provide the information to the commissioners that will then make a decision. We expect that decision to come in before the CMA time runs out and so we will be looking for that decision in the next couple of months.

Sure. So let's start with the DTC. At this point, we are not ready to call when the DTC market will return to growth. The approach we've taken so far is that we take the estimates from our customers who are the DTC service providers. And based on the learnings from the last quarter, what we're doing going forward is we're taking a more cautious view of the numbers they give us. So we're going to be working closely with them to continue to get their estimates of where the market is going to go and then we'll take a more cautious view on those numbers going forward. We do know that a number of seeds are being placed for future growth and it's the expansion here in the U.S. beyond primarily genealogy-driven market, more into health care. We know that both here in the U.S. and abroad, there is a drive for sequencing instead of array-based products to provide more information to customers. And we know that there are many DTC customers being set up outside the U.S. in countries like China, Korea and Japan. But at this stage, we're not calling when those trends will sort of net to an overall growth for the DTC market yet. 
In terms of the $100 genome, the approach we are taking is twofold. One is, from an engineering perspective, we are doing all the work to make sure that when we provide the $100 genome, we can do so in a way that is friendly to our financials, right? So that we can do so in a way that's helpful from a margin perspective, so we're doing all the engineering work to take costs out of the system and deliver the innovation that allows us to do that. But more importantly, we're spending time with customers, understanding the demand that will be generated from $100 genome, understanding from a research perspective, a population perspective, what are the cohorts that get enabled from a $100 genome and when we feel like the demand will kick off elasticity such that it'll more than compensate for the drop in price and we have the product ready. When those 2 things intersect is when we'll bring it to the market.

Sure. So let's start by saying that if you look at the things to watch for as we are going forward, one of the things we continue to track obviously is the penetration of NGS testing into both the leading cancer centers and hospitals as well as the penetration of NGS testing into the community hospitals in the U.S. where the bulk over time of the tumor profiling will happen. There've been some studies that have come out recently that have been interesting around the penetration of NGS testing and the increasing adoption of larger panels and whole-genome exome.
From an external perspective, obviously, we continue to track what's happening in terms of guidelines and in terms of reimbursement. And we've seen significant progress happened even over the last year in terms of reimbursement for NGS testing, and those are leading indicators that haven't yet played out, we believe, to their full extent. In addition, the NCCN guidance that I talked about that recommends NGS testing as preferred testing for [ remacemide ] therapy selection as well as NGS as an option for germline testing, just came out in the last few weeks. And so, whether it is reimbursements, guidelines, a lot of those things are still in the very early stages of playing out, but are good forward indicators of what the size of that opportunity could be.