Thank you, Jacquie, and good afternoon, everyone. The second quarter represented another strong performance for Illumina, with record revenue of $830 million, up 25% from the second quarter of 2017. Before we get into the detail, I'd like to thank the global Illumina team for the solid execution in the first half of 2018. Genomic information is more valuable and actionable than ever before, and it is to the team's credit that we continue to move quickly, embrace new opportunities and find innovative ways to support our customers. As a result, our business is growing as we enable a broad range of drivers, spanning applications, systems and geographies. 
In the last 5 years, we estimate that over 225 petabytes of sequence data have been generated on Illumina platforms alone. That volume of sequence data is roughly equivalent to 2.5 human genomes sequenced at 30x coverage. Despite this impressive repository of sequence data, to date, we have only ascribed significance to less than 1% of the variance catalog in the human genome. So it's clear that the vast majority of opportunity remains ahead of us, not only in terms of sequencing volumes, but even more importantly, in terms of advancing our understanding of the genome and our ability to positively impact human life. 
I'll now update you on our business in the second quarter. Reflecting stronger-than-expected demand, second quarter sequencing consumable revenue of $455 million grew 35% from the same quarter a year ago. This included about $13 million of stocking associated with Chinese customers buying ahead of potential tariffs. Excluding this, growth was 31%. Second quarter sequencing consumable growth was broad-based, with customers in research, translational and clinical settings all contributing significantly. We're seeing robust growth as our customers leverage genomics to drive discoveries, connect data to insight and routinely apply genomic tests in clinical and applied markets. Whether it is to uncover new insight in Parkinson's or diabetes or to establish the utility of circulating tumor DNA for early cancer diagnosis, our customers are increasingly using sequencing as the primary tool to advance our understanding of the genome and improve patient outcomes. 
Highlighting this breadth of drivers across our sequencing business, we saw consumable growth across all 3 sequencing system categories: high-throughput, which includes NovaSeq and HiSeq; mid-throughput, which is NextSeq; and low-throughput, which includes MiniSeq, MiSeq and iSeq. 
NovaSeq consumables grew $40 million sequentially, with continued strong adoption of S4 and S2 and a healthy ramp in the S1 flow cell that launched in February. As we expected, NovaSeq growth was partially offset by lower HiSeq consumables, although the HiSeq 4000 consumables remained an area of strength. Overall, sequencing consumable use is ramping faster than we expected. In total, high-throughput consumables grew more than 35% from the same quarter a year ago. It is now approaching a $1 billion annual run rate. And a sizable majority of HiSeq customers who have added at least one NovaSeq System, have increased their total spend on consumables. As a result, our full year expectation for NovaSeq-related revenue is exceeding the internal forecast we set at the start of the year. 
It was also a strong quarter for NextSeq consumables, with growing demand across VeriSeq NIPT, oncology research, translational activity and clinical oncology testing. Mid-throughput consumables grew more than 50% from the same quarter a year ago, demonstrating that the NextSeq continues to be an important sequencing workhorse, supporting a broad range of applications. Pull-through per system exceeded the high end of our $100,000 to $150,000 guidance range. 
We saw sequential and year-over-year growth in our lower-throughput sequencing consumables, which support our MiSeq and MiniSeq systems, with pull-through within their expected ranges. Today, these systems represent more than 10% of our sequencing consumable business. 
Finally, library prep grew 25% from the same quarter a year ago, driven by our core library prep portfolio, including traction with our new Nextera DNA Flex offering, which continues to receive positive customer feedback. Our library prep portfolio is now approaching 15% of our sequencing consumable business. 
Sequencing system revenue grew 10% sequentially to $123 million, up as we expected from a seasonally lighter first quarter. We continue to be pleased with the broad appeal of NovaSeq. Globally, more than 200 different labs have received a NovaSeq System, with demand driven by capacity expansion, HiSeq conversion and new to high-throughput customers. The broad appeal and utility of the NovaSeq System is further reflected by the mix of flow cells customers are using, with most ordering a combination of 2 or more of the available flow cells. Overall growth in NovaSeq consumables spanning S1, S2 and S4, has been faster than we anticipated, and the feedback on system performance continues to be positive. We expect NovaSeq shipments in the 330 to 350 unit range for this year. 
Moving to the rest of our sequencing system portfolio. NextSeq shipments grew sequentially, with a good mix of capacity expansion and new-to-NextSeq customers. Combined low-throughput system placements increased sequentially and year-over-year, with strong adoption by new-to-sequencing customers who represented over 50% of shipments from this group in the second quarter. 
I'm pleased to share that we started shipping iSeq to customers in late Q2. Early order activity has been robust, with a good mix of new and existing customers in both academic and commercial settings. As a standard Illumina practice, we will ramp production in the coming months. 
Sequencing services and other revenue had another strong quarter, up 10% sequentially and 38% year-over-year to $106 million. Roughly half of this total dollar amount is associated with traditional maintenance contracts. The rest is primarily associated with our sequencing services labs, which support Genomics England in addition to some NIPT and RUGD customers. Genomics England had a particularly strong quarter as it targets completion of its 100,000 Genome Project later this year. 
Additionally, we also reported a contribution from our oncology partners, Bristol-Myers Squibb and Loxo Oncology. Both programs completed their first full quarter of work and are progressing well in their codevelopment and commercialization objectives. There has been a good collaboration between our team and that of our partners, demonstrating ongoing commitment to our shared vision of bringing transformative insights for targeted and immunotherapies to patients. We are particularly encouraged by positive feedback from key opinion leaders on an early version of the TruSight Oncology 500 assay. 
Moving to arrays. microarray revenue grew 25% year-over-year to $140 million, with growth not only in the direct-to-consumer, or DTC, but also in global research applications spanning genotyping and epigenetics. Growth was strong in all regions, including China, where the launch of the Asian screening array helped drive a large number of iScan placements in Q2, which indicates future growth for arrays in the region as sites scale their operations. We also secured our largest single order for the Infinium MethylationEPIC BeadChip as we drive larger epigenome-wide association studies in the translational research market. While sequentially, microarray revenue was down associated with the DTC functionality, we foresee robust demand for arrays as DTC broadens across geographies, applications and providers, as precision medicine initiatives expand and research and applied uses for arrays increase. 
Moving to regional results. Americas revenue grew 19% versus the prior year period, driven by growth in sequencing consumables and microarrays. EMEA continues to be an exciting market for Illumina and now represents about 1/4 of our total revenue. EMEA revenue grew 36% from the same quarter a year ago, with a strong contribution associated with the Genomics England program that has now sequenced more than 70,000 whole genomes. We also saw initial NovaSeq purchases from the Wellcome Sanger Institute as they prepare for their first 50,000 samples that will be sequenced as part of the UK Biobank program. 
Total Asia Pacific revenue grew 32% year-over-year, with another strong quarter from Greater China, which delivered shipment growth of 42% from last year and 45% sequentially. Even excluding the $13 million stocking order, China reported record shipments in Q2. Illumina has a number of very strong sequencing service provider partners in China, and their growth continues to be driven by NIPT and research-based sequencing in a variety of areas, including oncology and reproductive health. Outside of China, the rest of Asia Pacific and Japan, or APJ, was driven in large part by increasing volumes at our service provider customers and ramping ahead of precision medicine initiatives. In addition to robust sequencing consumable growth, APJ also reported strong array growth, driven by a small but rapidly growing DTC customer offering and test service across Asia that is based on our screening array. 
Before I hand the call over to Sam, I'd like to formally welcome the Edico team that moved to Illumina headquarters at the beginning of June and is already proving to be an integral part of the product development group. Together, we are now focused on delivering the most complete offering of accelerated secondary analysis solutions for all our customers. We're confident that our proprietary FPGA acceleration will improve time to answer on workflows across research, translational and clinical applications and look forward to updating you on the team's progress in the quarters ahead. 
With that, I'll hand the call over to Sam for a review of our quarterly financials. Sam?

Thank you, Sam. This was a very strong quarter for Illumina. And looking ahead, the opportunity for genomics continues to grow. With so much left to learn about the genome, research remains an important driver of our business. In fact, 4 of our 10 largest sequencing consumable customers in the second quarter are primarily focused on research, either directly or as a CRO, and their combined demand grew faster than the overall sequencing consumable growth rate in the quarter. 
The consumer genomics market continues to extend its reach, with some promising developments in China, Korea and Japan this quarter, in addition to continued momentum in our DTC array customers and Helix. In oncology, we saw Guardant Health receive the first -- the final Medicare coverage policy for an NGS-based liquid biopsy assay for certain non-small cell lung cancer patients. We're seeing growing interest in tumor mutational burden, or TMB, which is emerging as one of the best NGS-based predictors of response to cancer immune therapies. Germany is expected to be the first country to formalize reimbursement for TMB once the national study is completed in the fall and we've been seeing strong interest in our NextSeq system as a result. 
We continue to see the NIPT opportunity growing, with expansion into new geographies and broadening coverage. NIPT was acknowledged as beneficial as a primary screening tool for trisomy 21 in Germany during the quarter, opening the discussion for potential reimbursement in 2019. And in the U.S., we are watching to see whether ACOG will further revise its guideline regarding use of NIPT for average-risk pregnancies following the withdrawal of Committee Opinion #640 that was issued in 2015. 
There's growing interest in population genomics initiatives, highlighting that governments all over the world are recognizing the value of genomic studies to enable precision medicine that could improve the quality and efficiency of health care systems. In the second quarter alone, we saw All of Us begin enrollment in the United States, a large UK Biobank study awarded, and announcements from Genome Canada and the Australian government, among others. While these programs typically take several years to ramp from initial interest to begin sequencing at scale, they represent exciting multiyear opportunities for us and our customers. 
We'll now open the call to questions. Operator?

Sure. The $13 million stocking order was primarily focused on NovaSeq, although there was a little bit of NextSeq in there, too.

Yes, sure. There are a number of things that we expected to play out with NovaSeq that we are seeing, and there are definitely a couple of surprises. One thing that we did expect to play out was that NovaSeq would fundamentally unlock some elasticity in the market. And one of the things that we were looking for was validation that customers who purchased a NovaSeq, in addition to their other high-throughput systems, were ending up buying more consumables from us. That would validate a theory that they would open up bigger cohorts, more access to samples, and that's certainly how it's playing out. So that was sort of a core driver of NovaSeq, and then that's playing out well. Obviously, we're seeing a lot of whole-genome work being done on NovaSeq. As we expected, some of the big service provider customers of ours have been, on the commercial side, certainly, have been some of the earliest adopters and some of the fastest to ramp up the NovaSeq installation. So we expected to see that, and that's playing out. What maybe we didn't expect that we saw was quite the number of new to high-throughput customers that emerged in both the NovaSeq pipeline and then as NovaSeq customers. And so that's been a pretty robust, consistent number quarter after quarter now. And so that, frankly, was an upside surprise for us. And as we talked about, the NovaSeq consumable pull-through has been also an upside surprise for us, that customers are more quickly unlocking more samples and are more quickly ramping up their NovaSeq utilization. And so all that sort of added up to us seeing that our NovaSeq revenues for the year across consumables and instruments is going to be greater than we expected for the year.

Yes, that's right. And if I were to add, if you think about GeL, clearly, GeL is working to wrap up the 100,000 Genome Project, and we're in the thick of that. But GeL is also looking now to transition to the second stage of their journey, where they're actually building in genomic testing into the NHS and really moving into clinical standard of care for things like RUGD. And so obviously, there'll be a transition. But if we think long term, that could actually unlock a bigger revenue opportunity long term than the trajectory we're on now with them.

Yes, so China continues to be, as you can imagine, a very exciting market for us. It is already our second largest country market. And as we look at the drivers, we feel very good about the prospect for continued growth in China, driven on the one hand by things that you talked about, which is our NIPT business still has headroom in front of it there. Obviously, oncology and oncology testing, we're in the very early stages of penetrating that market. But there are a number of other levers that are emerging, and one that's definitely interesting is the direct-to-consumer opportunity. And the launch of the global screening array has helped drive opportunities for DTC for us in China. It's already led to a number of iScan placements in China. And we have a number of companies that we're seeing now ramping up their DTC capabilities there, including WeGene, who is going to utilize our microarray technology to provide complete ancestry analysis service of the 56 major ethnic groups in China. Another company in China, as an example, is working on an EWAS study in the second half of 2018, with the intention to launch a DTC-based study on -- offering on methylation. And so we're definitely seeing the emergence of a DTC segment, although still at the very early stages, in China.

We can, Doug.

Sure, Doug. So I'll start by validating a number of the points that you made. One, we are pleased in the ramp-up that we're seeing in terms of the utilization of NovaSeq instruments that are out in the field, and we're pleased with what we're seeing in terms of pull-through of NovaSeq. Although it's too early to call a definitive range, but we're pleased with what we're seeing so far. We're also seeing, though, in some cases, that there are customers that have validated workflows on HiSeq that will continue to run on HiSeq for a while before they transition onto NovaSeq. And that's part of the design that we laid out in terms of having this multiyear transition into NovaSeq. And so some of the dynamics that will play out over the coming quarters and years is we'll start to see some of those clinical customers validate their workflows on NovaSeq and transition over to NovaSeq. We also see some of the larger HiSeq X fleets start the cutover to NovaSeq. So they've begun that journey, but we're still in the early stages of people doing the complete cutover onto NovaSeq. And so that's still in front of us, and that will drive the demand for NovaSeqs going forward. I don't expect to see any sharp acceleration in that transition. I expect to see it sort of more measured over the years, and that is how we've laid it out. It's also how we staged the flow cells, so coming out with S2 at the beginning, then S4 in the fall of last year and then S1 in Q1 of this year. And each of those flow cells is intended to catalyze different segments of the HiSeq base, right. So S4 is already targeting the high-throughput genome centers and looking to prompt, in the coming quarters, a cutover from X. S1 is obviously the lower end of that segment, to move customers that might have been still on the 2500, for example. And so that's how we staged the rollout of the flow cells, and that's how we expect it to play.

Yes, so just to add to what Sam said, look, ultimately, the demand in China is driven by the customer demand and the strength of our technology. And we continue to expect both to be strong and sort of drive the business for us there.

Yes, so we don't actually break out the revenue down to the level of systems placed in the oncology market. But what I can say at a very top level is that the percent of our overall revenues that come from the clinical market, last year was about 45%, and that continues to be strong. And so you've seen that grow now over the last few years, as both oncology and NIPT have driven the growth of both consumables and system placements into those clinical markets. Some of the things that are playing out in the clinical market, we continue to see strong translational demand for our products. And then more recently, as we announced the companion diagnostic deals with Bristol-Myers Squibb and Loxo, that's starting to generate revenue and we expect that to continue. And then one exciting development for the future is the emergence of tumor mutational burden as a biomarker predictive of the effectiveness of immunotherapies. And that could be an exciting driver to add fuel to the oncology market for us.

Yes, sure. There is no doubt that these population sequencing initiatives are really exciting, both for the market and for Illumina. These programs, they deepen what we know about the genome. They have the potential to enable precision medicine at a national scale. And perhaps equally importantly, these initiatives, they educate the population about genomics and the value of genomic information in our lives. So hugely exciting initiatives and it's fantastic to see the momentum these are gaining around the world. Now having said that, these are large initiatives and they can take years to scale. You brought up GeL. GeL started in late 2014, and it's really only now that it's at scale as it's looking to complete the 100,000 genomes. So hugely exciting for a number of reasons and we're doing a lot of work, as you can imagine, to support the initiatives, to support the customer tenders, to support the pilots. But it's not something that we're counting on as a dramatic revenue driver in 2019.

Yes, sure. I'm particularly excited about iSeq and the role it plays strategically in our portfolio. When we envisioned iSeq and then when we started talking to the market about iSeq, one of the things we said is that there are tens of thousands of labs, smaller labs, that today don't do any sequencing. And so we see the opportunity there to use iSeq to bring sequencing to those labs. And we talked about the fact that we expect iSeq customers to fall in 3 buckets. We said, look, some of the early iSeq customers will be existing Illumina customers. And the use cases they'll be drawn to is to use iSeq as a QC tool before they run their libraries on the bigger machines. If you think about a run on a NovaSeq, for example, that run is tens of thousands of dollars. And so customers are excited about having iSeq to QC the library before they run it on NovaSeq. And sure enough, if we look at the early orders for iSeq and we look at the pipeline, there are definitely customers that fall into that bucket. They're excited about having it as a companion to their higher-throughput instruments. The second bucket that we said is there may be labs that are familiar with sequencing but don't have a sequencer, because they're outsourcing their sequencing. And they're doing that for a couple of reasons. One, they may not have access to the capital necessary to go buy even a MiSeq, but certainly not a NextSeq or a NovaSeq, or they just don't have the regular flow of samples. And so iSeq is a really exciting tool for those customers. And again, if you look at the orders we've got and the pipeline we're building, there's definitely a set of customers that are familiar with sequencing but don't have a sequencer today. But then third, we said, and probably most exciting, are going to be the customers that don't do any sequencing today that maybe use a qPCR machine or some other tools that iSeq can help address. And again, as we look at who's buying iSeq, we're definitely seeing a number of customers that are new to Illumina, and in some cases, new to sequencing in total. We started thinking about the applications that we're hearing from our customers in addition to the companion QC tool. We're hearing customers that are looking to use the iSeq for things like pathogen detection, for microbial whole-genome sequencing and for targeted RNA. Those are probably the use cases we hear the most at this point.

Yes, if I think about NovaSeq -- and you're right, the trend we saw before was the consumables started to build and then hit a peak. And then once we hit a steady state, we were able to talk to the market about a range that you could use to model pull-throughs. We are still at the stage where the NovaSeq pull-through is continuing to go up. In fact, actually, in the last quarter, the pull-through on NovaSeqs hit a new high. And so we're still at the stage where it's building and frankly, to more than maybe we'd initially expected even. At this stage, though, it's still volatile. And so we're not yet at the stage where we're able to give you a range that you can use in the models. And the scenario you brought out -- brought up is sort of a realistic scenario, which is customers are using multiple flow cells and they're mixing and matching the flow cells that they're using for the applications they want to run. And NovaSeq is a more versatile tool than something like a HiSeq X, which is clearly a whole-genome machine. And so I think that creates more utilization opportunities for customers than a HiSeq X.

Sure, Amanda. So I'll start by saying there are now dozens of POPSEQ opportunities that we are working with around the world, and they're all a little bit different, so I'm going to draw some common trends across some pretty different opportunities in terms of size and scale. I'll start by saying that one common thread across the majority of them now is that they are connected to a health care system directly, even more so than we saw when GeL pioneered population sequencing in 2014. And so the vast majority of those opportunities now are either directly connected to the health care system or actually driven by the health care system. The other trend we're seeing is that the majority of them are around whole genomes. All of those started as sort of thinking about a 2-stepper, where they would start with genotyping and then in a future stage, they would go to sequencing. And what's happened now is they've accelerated their sequencing. And so now they are talking about doing both simultaneously. So even all of those, where it was initially genotyping and then going to sequencing, it's really brought sequencing forward. And I think there, the -- overall, the work that's happened at GeL has really been helpful for the rest of the world in terms of seeing how it could be done and seeing the utility of doing whole-genome sequencing. In terms of our platform's readiness, S4 is absolutely appropriate for the large-scale population sequencing efforts that we're talking about, and I think it can carry us for a while. Obviously, in the longer term, as we think about the scale of how these -- how big these initiatives could be as they get embedded across multiple applications in the health care system, you'll need a bigger boat. But for now, S4 is absolutely the right answer.

Yes, what we are hearing from our customers and we're seeing in the pull-through, what we're seeing in the instrumentation data is that customers are running their NovaSeqs hard, and that's showing up in the utilization numbers that we talked about. That's showing up in the pull-through numbers and the highs that we're hitting in terms of pull-through on NovaSeqs. And what is playing out falls into a number of buckets. One, you're absolutely right. We are seeing our larger cohorts being run and where they're being run, the second driver, what we're seeing is there is an appetite for doing broader sequencing. Things like going for exomes instead of panels with the Biobank or going for genomes instead of exomes is definitely playing out. And then some of the other drivers of people to purchase NovaSeq include applications in oncology, like looking for rare events associated with cell-free tumor DNA in the blood. And for there -- for those applications, what NovaSeq allows you to do is it allows you to go very deep. And so those customers, for example, find NovaSeq very attractive, and they run them harder, frankly, than they could most other machines. And it's very useful for them in terms of being able to understand the biology. And so what NovaSeq is doing is it's fundamentally enabling new paradigms for experiment design there in a way that couldn't be done without the power of NovaSeq and without access to the economics of NovaSeq. And so all of those are playing out. And what's interesting about the NovaSeq dynamic, if I compare it with the X dynamic, is -- and I think you're on a point there, which is with the X, it was really targeting whole genomes. And so that was the application. And if you were interested in that application or if you wanted to move from exomes to genomes, the X was a terrific machine for you. But with NovaSeq, we enable a much broader set of scenarios. And so if you want to do exomes where you were doing panels, you wouldn't have been able to do that in the X. You can do that here. If you want to do very deep targeted sequencing, again, that's something that's uniquely for NovaSeq, not for the X. And so it's that breadth of applications, as you pointed out. That means that our customers can access a much broader set of samples, a much broader set of applications, a much broader set of experiment designs. And that helps them with getting access to samples.

Yes, absolutely. So as I said touched on in the last answer, NovaSeq is enabling the fundamentally different types of experiments, much, much larger experiments. I know for example, if you talk to the people that are working on the single-cell atlas, for example, they will talk about the fact that if you want to catalog all the different types of cells in the human body, and there are, what, 37 trillion-ish cells in the human body, you need to design experiments that are in the tens of millions of cell. And that's got to be the design. And they've been talking to us for a while, saying that they needed a machine that ended up being something like the NovaSeq, they said. And you need a machine that's as powerful as a NovaSeq, with the economics of a NovaSeq, to even design and run that experiment. And so we're enabling, whether it's much bigger cohorts like the single-cell atlas we'll have access to, or much deeper sequencing, these are experiments that can now be designed and run in a way that couldn't be done without the NovaSeq. So absolutely, NovaSeq is driving new experimental design paradigms that then unlock elasticity associated in the market.

And then in terms of what we're seeing from the health systems, I think Geisinger is definitely a pioneer in terms of going first, but I fully expect over time, your genomic record to be a fundamental part of your overall health record. And so it will take time to go from where we are to get there, but Geisinger is not going to be the only one, I believe, that starts to do that in the coming quarters. In terms of the pace at which that plays out, and frankly, I think we won't stop at the exome. I think it will be the whole genome that's part of your health record, but that will take time to play out. And that will take pioneers like Geisinger and the other ones that are thinking about doing that to lead the way.

And in terms of the overall research funding environment, if we look around the globe, the research funding environment has never been, frankly, this good. If you look at what's happened with the NIH budgets here in the U.S., if you look at -- there was a question about how Brexit would play out. But if you look at the funding playing out both in the U.K. and Europe and if you look at what's happening in terms of overall research funding in China, you add it all up to a robust research funding environment.

Sure. We definitely agree that we are seeing sort of continued building of the interest in oncology testing. Definitely, there's building interest from the translational perspective. Now a lot of that tends to happen at the academic cancer centers, the larger cancer centers. But we are starting to see interest from some of the smaller hospitals, too. I think at this stage, probably the way that might play out is more of it will be driven by outsourced sequencing. And so maybe some of that demand will be showing up first in some of the outsourced labs. But over time, and certainly, as you look at our NextSeq on down in the portfolio, we think those would be great instruments to put into community hospitals for -- to run oncology panels, for example. And so we think that, that interest continues to build. It's still in -- the vast majority of that market, however, is still in front of us, and we expect to -- for that to show up in the mid- and low-throughput part of our portfolio.