Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Illumina delivered Q2 revenues of $1.126 billion, representing 78% year-over-year growth, significantly exceeding expectations across all geographic regions and market segments. Our clinical markets, including oncology, reproductive health and genetic disease testing are expanding as reimbursement coverage increases, patient awareness grows and more sequencing applications enter the clinic.
Ramping population sequencing programs are contributing to the robust growth in our research business. Additionally, genomic surveillance has emerged as a critical tool in the global fight against the pandemic, with over 70 countries now using Illumina platforms for COVID-19 surveillance. Looking forward, there's momentum for this global surveillance infrastructure to be the backbone of a durable, global genomic epidemiology capability to combat future outbreaks, including zoonotic transmissions, antimicrobial resistance and bioterrorism.
Q2 was the second consecutive quarter of record instrument sales, with revenue up 113% year-over-year and we ended the quarter with the highest instrument backlog since launching NovaSeq.
Now looking at our performance by platform. Our high throughput portfolio continued its spectacular run, with NovaSeq achieving its highest order volume since launch in Q1 2017. Demand for high throughput sequencing capacity continues to expand, with over half of the orders in Q2 coming from customers who are new to high throughput. Additionally, our customers are continuing to use these systems at a higher rate to meet demand in oncology testing, genetic disease testing and population sequencing programs.
Our mid-throughput platforms continue to drive growth with record placements in Q2. The strength of the NextSeq 2000s, with almost 3x the output of NextSeq 550, is enabling exciting new applications for customers like Cold Spring Harbor Labs in single cell analysis. Clinical customers drove new NextSeq 550 placements. NextSeqDx again set a record for shipments as we see a trend towards decentralization of clinical sequencing outside the U.S.
Benchtop platforms also had an excellent quarter with instrument revenue up over 50% year-over-year. We shipped more MiSeq instruments this quarter than any prior quarter in the last 5 years. This record demand has been driven by our core business as well as emerging areas like preimplantation genetic screening and COVID surveillance.
Turning to our Clinical and Research and Applied segments. Sequencing consumables revenue of $704 million was up 82% year-over-year, driven by demand in both our Clinical and Research segments. Starting with our clinical business, our focus on market access and collaborations are expanding reimbursement, powering new and existing testing providers and benefiting patients around the world. There are now over 1 billion covered lives globally across NIPT, WGS for RUGD and CGP in oncology, demonstrating the expertise and impact of Illumina's market access team to drive coverage and also the enormous opportunity in our clinical segment.
Oncology testing, our largest market segment, recorded its third consecutive quarter of outstanding year-over-year growth as our customers announced additional offerings for therapy selection and MRD tests. In therapy selection, expanding reimbursement for comprehensive genomic profiling is fueling the shift from small to large panels. With 74% of lives now covered for CGP in the U.S. and additional indications approved, new customers are entering the oncology testing field and existing customers like Caris are expanding their footprint. TruSight Oncology 500, Illumina's RUO comprehensive genomic profiling assay, achieved its 100,000 sample milestone in Q2 and added over 40 additional customers so far this year across 23 countries.
In addition, over the last year, MRD testing has emerged as a key driver of future growth in the oncology segment, with positive reimbursement decisions, more customers and multiple approaches entering the market. It's also exciting to see pharma invest in MRD-based clinical trials to bring proven drugs to early-stage disease and improve patient outcomes.
Reproductive health consumable shipments continue to benefit from the revised ACOG guidelines. In January, we expected that NIPT would be covered for approximately 3 million pregnancies in the U.S. by the end of 2021. We have already surpassed that milestone, and we expect coverage to continue to expand. We're also making progress outside the U.S. to ensure all expecting families have access to NIPT. In Germany, for example, national coverage will be implemented in 2022. Additionally, we're seeing continued growth from our CE-IVD marked VeriSeq NIPT solution in Europe and Asia. In Q2, Next Generation Genomic in Thailand adopted our VeriSeq NIPT Solution v2, broadening access to expanded NIPT for expectant parents in Southeast Asia.
Genetic disease testing delivered another outstanding quarter, driven by reimbursement coverage increasing across Europe, and lower sequencing prices, enabling an accelerated shift from exomes to genomes. In the quarter, we also saw promising research and guidelines recognizing the diagnostic yield and cost effectiveness of whole genome sequencing for genetic disease. In June, Rady Children's Hospital and the State of California published the results of Project Baby Bear, a groundbreaking program that showcases the significant benefits of rapid whole genome sequencing in decreasing both time to diagnosis and health care spending for critically ill infants. More than 30% of these patients had a change of care due to the diagnosis enabled by WGS. This rapid whole genome sequencing protocol is now available through Rady's growing network of over 60 hospital partners as well as other hospital networks across the country.
Turning to our Research and Applied segments, we saw strong year-over-year and sequential growth. Momentum from population genomics programs continued to grow in Q2. In the U.S., All of Us is now operating at full scale, running thousands of genomes a week. We also saw multiple initiatives ramp internationally, providing an ongoing pipeline of new PopGen opportunities. We expect revenue from over 30 different PopGen initiatives in the second half of the year. Multiomic, spatial and single-cell approaches are gaining traction in many of our research segments, driving high-intensity sequencing. The success of Illumina's partnerships with companies such as Olink, NanoString and 10x will enable novel discoveries and expanded applications to enter the clinic.
The emergence of the Delta variant has renewed focus on and heightened awareness for genomic surveillance in the fight against COVID-19 and future pathogens. The launch of the RUO 96-sample COVIDSeq assay and the expanded EUA for COVIDSeq on NextSeq 2000 this quarter demonstrate our continued commitment to provide the workflows, instruments and bioinformatics to meet this challenge. We are now working with governments and testing labs on COVID surveillance initiatives in over 70 countries. These efforts have driven increased COVID consumable revenue in Q2 relative to Q1. And at this time, we expect the consumable revenue in the second half to remain relatively steady to the first half.
Through our philanthropic efforts, we are working to ensure that countries with high needs for COVID surveillance but limited resources also have access to our sequencers and consumables. Earlier this week, we announced a donation of $1 million in sequencing capabilities, including 2 NextSeq 2000s to the Molecular Diagnostic Reference Laboratory at Kasturba Hospital. This will enable COVID surveillance in Mumbai, an epicenter of India's devastating second wave.
Before I hand the call over to Sam, I'll provide a brief update on GRAIL. In Q2, GRAIL launched the first-of-its-kind multi-cancer screening test, Galleri. We made this test available to our employees and are encouraged by the positive feedback we've received. It's exciting to see the promise of genomics come to fruition in oncology screening, and we're committed to supporting all companies innovating in this space. As we shared in late July, we remain committed to closing this pro-competitive deal and believe with this acquisition, Illumina will be uniquely positioned to help save tens of thousands of lives.
And now I'll turn the call over to Sam.

Thank you, Sam. It's clear from our strong first half results that Illumina and our customers are firing on all cylinders.
Our clinical markets are all growing as expanded reimbursement gives more patients access to existing genomic tests, and evidence generation brings new genomic applications into the clinic. In oncology, more cancer patients have access to CGP for therapy selection. And emerging MRD and early cancer detection tests will drive significant long-term growth for sequencing.
In genetic disease testing, the speed to diagnosis and treatment benefits that rapid WGS offers is catalyzing awareness and adoption. In NIPT, while coverage has expanded dramatically in the U.S., there is still a significant need internationally, representing a tremendous growth opportunity.
Research funding and overall investor capital deployment in life sciences continues to be incredibly robust, which will drive innovation and new use cases for sequencing for decades to come. Single-cell, spatial and multiomic approaches to complex problems are driving larger scale, novel research and clinical solutions. The benefit of population genomics programs in national health systems is driving more governments to take up these initiatives, further broadening the reach of sequencing across the globe. COVID surveillance initiatives are laying the foundation for a permanent global genomic epidemiology infrastructure.
Illumina is playing a central role in these advancements in genomics and human health. I am very proud of the execution of our fantastic teams around the world. This is an incredible time for our field, and we have the most exciting technology road map in development that I have seen in my time at the company. I'm honored to work alongside my colleagues to fulfill Illumina's instrumental role in improving human health by unlocking the power of the genome.
Now I'll invite the operator to open for Q&A.

Yes. So thank you, Vijay, for that question. So I'll start by saying we are seeing tremendous momentum in the business, as you pointed out. If you look at every part of our business, we're seeing the businesses -- those market segments expand. And so we expect that to continue going into the second half of the year.
But there are a number of things that we are watching for. One, and Sam will add more color on this, but there are a number of onetime things that happened in Q1 that we don't expect to repeat in Q2, and we'll sort of list what they are.
And then the second thing that's playing out is that we're still in the midst of the pandemic. And so we are keeping a watchful eye to see how the Delta variant plays out both here in the U.S. and around the world. And so that allows -- that means we should put some moderation in terms of what we expect to see in the business for the second half. We're definitely still in the middle of the pandemic. And those are the 2 factors I'd say that counterbalance what we see is incredible momentum in the markets that we're in.

Yes. So I'll start by saying that we're not ready to make statements about 2022, but I'll give you more color on the trends we are seeing. As you pointed out, we're seeing really strong instrument side across the portfolio. And what's especially exciting about that, as you know, is that instruments tend to be a lead indicator on the business because of the model that we employ. And if you look at what I said about instruments, we have the highest overall backlog for instruments since we launched NovaSeq.
On the high throughput side, we had the highest order volume for NovaSeq since we launched the product in Q1 '17. On the mid-throughput side, we're on track to almost double the number of NextSeqs that we ship. If you look at the average we shipped for the last few years, so really strong momentum in the mid-throughput portfolio.
And then even at the low end, as I pointed out in the remarks, we've got the highest MiSeq shipments of any quarter in the last. So low throughput, mid-throughput, high throughput, all of those businesses are showing real momentum, resulting in the big backlog that we have going into the second half of the year.

Great. I think I have all those questions. So thank you, Doug, for those questions. So first question is if -- are we willing to stick with this? And does it look like the process is going to run out the clock? So the way the timing is going to work is the deal contract last till December 20. And so we are working both the FTC and the European Commission to get approval by that time frame. The -- at this point, there's processes and work. There's the work we're doing with the FTC, there is the work we're doing with the European Commission in Phase II review and there's a work we're doing in Luxembourg to dismiss the European case because of jurisdiction.
At this point, it is possible that all of those land one way or another by December 20. And so at this point, we're not yet at the stage where the clock has run out. And at this stage, we are committed to working through this period to get this to a conclusion. We continue to believe that this deal is procompetitive. We continue to believe that this deal will result in the savings of tens of thousands of lives that would not be saved if we didn't buy GRAIL just simply because we can accelerate the business.
So to answer the question, we are committed to working through this deal through that time frame through the end of the year. I would not read this to mean that we can't buy any other services provider or anything else we want to buy. We have done a number of other acquisitions in the last 18 months. So those have gone through. And I think we are going to continue to look for things that we believe add long-term shareholder value. And if it means we need to acquire them, we will continue to look for those from time to time.
In terms of what we can do better? One of the things we have learned is clearly, we don't have a DC presence and we don't have employees on the hill that are telling the Illumina story to the various agencies, to the other folks on the hill. And it's become clear to us that we need a bigger presence there. And so we're starting to build our presence there. And the fantastic thing and I personally have spent a lot more time over the hill -- on the hill in the last couple of months. And the story really resonates. And so when we tell the story, I mean, people get really behind it and want to support it. And so one of the things we have learned and we're going to do differently is we going to have more of a presence on the hill, and we're going to be telling the Illumina story more often and more clearly.

All right. Another great question. So let's start with a couple of parts of the question. One is, does it feel like that competition is intensifying right now in a way that it wasn't before? And two, so therefore, is the playbook the same in terms of competing here? And so let's go to each part. One, I'll say, look, and you'll appreciate this, given the 15 years you've been looking at this is we've always had waves of competition, right? And a few years ago, we'd be talking about Qiagen and Thermo and you were coming from behind in some markets.
And so there have been -- and because the market is so big and we're still at the very beginning of this giant market, we fully anticipate it will continue to attract a lot of venture investment. I mean there are dozens of companies. And we could have had this conversation any time in the last decade. And I'd have told you there are dozens of companies that are being funded to go after the sequencing space. So I don't especially see a difference in terms of the number of companies being started.
The actual competitors showing up are different, obviously, every time. And I like what you said in one of the notes I read from you, Doug, where you said the trail is literally the dead bodies of people whose sequencers look great on PowerPoint, but a couple of years away from launch, could never get closer than that to launching. So we've seen that.
Now we will see more competition, though, going forward. Again, we expect that. The part of the playbook is the same. Better, faster sequencing continue to be the gold standard for accuracy, continue to set a relentless pace in terms of innovation that our competitors have to follow, continue to set the price point in the market that everybody else has to follow. Those parts of the competitive playbook will be the same.
Another part will be the same is continue to just add more and more value to the sequencers that our customers get. You've seen us do that with Edico with the hardware acceleration that's now built into a sequencer. You've seen us do that by expanding the bioinformatics pipeline that's now built into a sequencer. And so we continue to expand what it means to create a sequencer. And you remember the move we made from the output of our sequencers to images and then it became base calls. And now from our sequencer, you can get variants, and that's unique in the market. And now we'll force everybody else to react to that to say you've got to add that secondary pipeline now to your sequencer to catch up to Illumina giving you variance. But some part of the playbook has changed.
The genomics industry and Illumina's business is way more diversified than it's ever been, right? A few years ago, we used to be targeting the research market. And it was really a single instrument, the HiSeq, right at the GA before that. So you were selling sort of highest throughput sequencers into the RUO, the research market. Today, that's only one segment of our business. So our business has really diversified. Almost 44%, 45% of our business comes from the clinical market and the rest is research and applied. More than half of our business comes from outside the U.S. And we have a lot of cleared end-to-end workflows into the market.
And so as I look at the landscape, no single competitor out there matches all those segments of the business. And so each of them have their own different sort of playbook. In some cases, if you have to deliver clear end-to-end workflows, in some cases, it is better, faster, cheaper. And so that's a different. I think there's no single competitor I can look at, Doug, and say that competitor is coming after most of our business.

So let me add 2 parts of the question. Let me start with PopSeq and then let's go to COVID instruments. We are very happy with where we are with COVID -- with the PopSeq programs right now. I talked about the U.K. Biobank is just continuing to go full force. We expect it to sort of end towards the end of this year, but it's continuing to sequence at full production scale. All of us is now sequencing at full production scale. We talked about doing thousands of samples a week. And that pipeline seems really robust. And I don't expect much disruption over the course of the year, barring something massively unexpected for what's happening with all of us. So they've been running really well.
The other thing that is really exciting about PopSeq is now we have 30 programs that are up and running around the world. And so that means we're starting to diversify the revenue contribution from the PopSeq programs as they start to ramp around the world. And that gives us, I think, a little bit more resilience in terms of if any part of the world is more impacted than the other, it's -- there's still a lot of parts that will go. So I think it's -- I think it's a really healthy set up for us in terms of PopSeq for the rest of the year.
In terms of COVID instruments, you're right. When I was here doing this call a few months ago, I told you that we weren't expecting any more instruments for the year. We thought the buy was going to happen in Q1. And then on behold, we sold some instruments for COVID surveillance in Q2. That part of the business, candidly, Tycho, is hard to predict. And so what we've built into the model is no more instruments for the rest of the year and $50 million to $60 million in terms of consumables. And yes, absolutely, it's possible we buy -- that people buy more instruments. But again, that's hard to predict.

Yes. So thank you, Tejas. Let's go through the 2 questions. For the reasons I just talked about, the fact that now we have a number of PopSeq programs that we have a number of the bigger ones that are already running at scale. We feel really confident in the PopSeq pipeline and the revenue pipe for the rest of the year. And so we've looked at any of the risks associated with them. We looked at the timing. But we feel really confident, the diversity of the revenue sources and the pop-gen pipeline.
In terms of China, we were really happy with the performance we've been seeing out of China. We talked about the growth we're seeing in China. We are maintaining our leading position in China. Our strategy there is really paying off, and it touches on the things you asked about. So we have always followed a strategy in China that was very partner-centric. And so we have partners that are building their products on our instruments and selling them into customers. And those customers are -- those partners are Chinese partners. And so a lot of them are qualified even under the Made in China regulations. And that puts us in a really good position in China.
The other thing that -- a couple of other things, one you touched on, which is the NovaSeqDx, again, sort of a partner model, but that's a really positive step forward for us in China. And then the regulations around LDTs in China is also very positive in terms of what it means for the future. So we're happy with the growth. We're encouraged by some of the things we're seeing in terms of pointing the positive momentum going forward.

It's a great question. Some part of our philosophy, Derik, has not changed, but actually, one part has, but I'll tell you about both. The part that hasn't changed is we will launch products into the market when we think the market is ready, meaning that the ready to absorb the price points, we will unlock additional elasticities and grow the market as a whole. And so we continue to be in dialogue with our customers to try and understand where sort of the demand curve is. And when we feel that there is an opportunity to expand the market through the launch of an instrument with a certain price point or a certain capability, that's when we bring the product to market.
So our technical teams are just constantly pushing the technology. And then when we feel the market is ready, we do the engineering to bring those technologies into end. That has -- that part of the philosophy has not changed, and we're going to continue to watch when the right time is to catalyze a segment of the market with a new product offering.
What has changed, actually, and it's really interesting has been the result of watching what happened with NextSeq 1000, 2000. And what we have seen with NextSeq 1000, 2000 is that the 1000, 2000 has dramatically expanded the mid-throughput market. There wasn't just and upgrade or a replacement cycle. And it's quite dramatic actually.
If you look at the number of mid-throughput instruments we shipped over the last few years, it's been fairly steady. This year, we are on track to almost double that number. And there are lots of people who are still buying 550s in the 550Dxs. What's happened is we've catalyzed and opened up new markets for the mid-throughput instrument with the price points that we've put out with the 1000, 2000. And that's different than the Genomics market has been before. And so now we see an opportunity, even in a market segment to not just catalyze an upgrade cycle, but actually to open up other parts of that segment with an offering in that market segment. And so that's a different philosophy that we're building into now our strategies as we think about future products.

That's a great question. I don't have any number to give you in terms of the specific percentage of how would I think about it. I would say that with the price reduction that we put into the market last summer, which catalyzed the elasticity we're seeing, the $600 genome is now pretty broadly available to our NovaSeq customers. So I would expect a significant number of them are actually availing themselves at that price point.
Now of course, you know that it's not necessarily genomes that they're running. NovaSeqs are now used for a very broad range of applications, a lot of NovaSeq usage in oncology for the TSO 500 or some of these large panels. But I'd say a lot of them, a significant percentage are able to use those applications at that kind of price point, but I don't have an exact number to give you.

Yes. The way I think about that is, I'd say, it's nice to have part of the portfolio, but it's not a critical part of the portfolio. In terms of even thinking about the revenue for us, I wouldn't do that as a big part of the revenue we make in the oncology business at all. The reason we did it is we want to make sure that our customers can have the broadest options in terms of what they want to do, but it's not a meaningful contributor to our revenue in oncology.

Yes. So I'll start with the easy part. We're not seeing any slowdown right now. Because of Delta, we're not seeing any shutdowns. The whole order was fast, Patrick. If I -- I mean, you can see that in terms of, I think, our DSO, like you saw improved linearity even this quarter. The way it felt internally is we started the quarter fast and it got faster. So again, there was no slowdown in the middle. But what was surprising again was it started really fast. So the hockey stick at the end, I'd say was not necessarily as pronounced because we had a fast starting in the quarter.

Yes. I mean that has been quite a remarkable story. I think I mentioned a few minutes ago. If you look at the number of instruments we're shipping in that segment, it's now almost double what we shipped historically into that segment. So a few things I'll point out. One, we continue to ship 550s and 550Dxs. So there are people who validated workflows on those instruments, they are continuing to buy. We are seeing a good number of new to Illumina and new to that segment customers come in.
It continues to be on the clinical workhorses of our portfolio and you see applications in oncology, you see applications in NIPT and that continues to be true. The things we talked about in terms of the expansion we're seeing in the clinical market, all that reimbursement that kicked in last year oncology, for NIPT, all of that is driving the instrument purchases we're seeing. And that's a really great sign because as we talked about, instrument purchases for us are a lead indicator of future growth. And so when you place that many instruments, it's exciting for us to think about. And so those are some things that they are driving the mid-throughput.

Yes. So let me start, and then I'll turn it over to Sam. In terms of the CDC money and the American Rescue Plan Act and all that money, we're watching to see how that money gets allocated out. We haven't really built much of that into our expectations for the course of this year because there's still work to be done in terms of how that money gets allocated out. We certainly expect some benefit from it going into the following years, but we haven't built that much in and Sam will color it more.
Spatial and proteomics are definitely interesting. They are definitely emerging. They are maybe where single cell was a few years ago, single cell certainly a much bigger contributor of our business today than spatial or proteomics. But given the amount of interest in both, we do expect those to be growth drivers for our business going forward.