Thank you, Jacquie. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. As expected, the second quarter was tough in the context of our original 2020 plan. But nonetheless, a quarter of strong execution in the current environment that further strengthens our foundation for future expansion. I've been proud to see how our employees have pivoted and flexed to support customers, how we have stepped up what was already an aggressive innovation engine and how we have supported each other and our communities through this pandemic. As we navigate the near-term disruption, we remain focused on the long-term opportunity for Illumina and for sequencing which, if anything, is larger today than it was 6 months ago.
To summarize our second quarter experience and outlook, our second quarter revenue of $633 million was down 25% from a year ago as our customers around the world continued to be impacted by the pandemic. We're seeing indicators of gradual recovery, and barring an unexpected development in the course of the pandemic, the second quarter should represent the revenue floor for the year. Further, we expect sequential revenue growth in the third and fourth quarters.
Second, despite lower patient visits, our clinical business remains more resilient than research, which continues to be more impacted by ongoing shelter-in-place restrictions.
Third, infectious disease is emerging as an additional, long-term focus area for genomics. Illumina has responded quickly with 3 workflows, including software tools and COVIDSeq, our diagnostic test for COVID-19, which went from concept to authorization in less than 60 days. Given the timing, these contributed very modestly to revenue in the second quarter, and we're encouraged by the interest we're seeing so far in the third quarter.
Finally, and most importantly, we believe that the long-term opportunity for sequencing is expanding. While COVID-19 has had a negative short-term impact on our customers' ability to operate, this shared experience is broadening awareness and appreciation of the value of genomic insights. Studies including GEL's 35,000-patient study in the U.K. could ultimately accelerate the adoption of genomic tests into routine clinical use for infectious disease and surveillance.
Looking to the second half of 2020 specifically, sequencing consumables, which make up most of our revenue, remain correlated with shelter-in-place activities, and recovery therefore depends on how quickly our customers get back into their labs. That said, we're encouraged by the momentum in the business as we move into the second half of the year. Sequencing consumable run rates are improving, and some of our clinical customers are at or above their run rates from the fourth quarter of last year. Sequencing system placements increased sequentially, including higher NovaSeq shipments. Additionally, NextSeq 2000 shipments beat our second quarter expectations. Population genomics initiatives are continuing to move forward. All of Us, for example, has received the necessary IDE from the FDA and will start sequencing and genotyping later this quarter. And beyond research, COVID-19-related sequencing for both diagnosis and screening is at the earliest stages of adoption and could scale more meaningfully in the second half of the year.
Sequencing continues to play a critical role in understanding the SARS-CoV-2 virus, the transmission dynamics of the pandemic, the development of effective treatment and vaccines and the interactions between host and virus with respect to transmission and virulence. In addition, we're seeing growing interest in leveraging sequencing to help address the need for increased diagnostic and screening testing capacity.
To contribute to testing capacity, Illumina urgently developed COVIDSeq, the first NGS-based diagnostic for COVID-19. We received Emergency Use Authorization from the FDA on June 7 and shipped to a few early access customers towards the end of the second quarter. PathGroup, for example, intends to launch towards the end of this quarter and scale through the end of 2020. COVIDSeq runs in our NovaSeq and, in addition to a diagnostic yes or no, provides a full viral sequence for most positive samples. This information can be critical to understanding community transmission patterns in order to better control regional outbreaks.
We continue to extend the utility of COVIDSeq with a series of amendments that will add saliva, improve automation and derisk supply chain. In the immediate term, we have submitted an amendment to the current authorization for our existing COVIDSeq test that simplifies the workflow with an additional RNA extraction method to derisk the supply chain and extend the test beyond our NovaSeq by adding NextSeq. This will enable lower throughput labs to offer COVID-19 diagnostic testing locally, which could supplement current PCR test providers who are experiencing turnaround times of up to 10 business days.
Looking forward and with Illumina's COVIDSeq supply scaling up, we are in discussion with dozens of customers in more than 10 countries with a number of these actively evaluating COVIDSeq. For example, the Institute of Genomics and Integrative Biology in New Delhi just completed their first clinical validation of COVIDSeq and reported sensitivity of more than 98% and an increase in diagnostic yield of between 8% and 10% compared to PCR. The team is interested in COVIDSeq as a means to increase available frontline testing, while also gaining access to the viral genome data that can be used to monitor transmission of the virus.
In addition to COVIDSeq, we're pleased that Ginkgo and Helix were among the 7 recipients of funding from the NIH's rapid acceleration of diagnostics initiative. This underscores the potential for sequencing-based diagnostic tests to scale and diversify testing beyond PCR, which we believe will be increasingly important as we head into the fall flu season.
Moving to screening. It remains to be seen how widely screening programs are adopted, but it is clear that a number of programs will scale in the third quarter. Testing for America last week announced a partnership with the historically black colleges and universities to develop return-to-campus initiatives for the academic institutions within the Thurgood Marshall College Fund and the United Negro College Fund family. Delaware State University, for example, started its pilot screening program a few weeks ago, with plans to test up to 3,000 students and educators a week.
Back to the quarter and starting with regional results. All regions were impacted by prolonged closures or reduced operations at research labs and also, in some cases, by temporary reallocation of resources to PCR testing for COVID-19.
China revenue of $79 million was down $5 million sequentially, consistent with our expectation for a relatively modest decline. COVID-19 headwinds were driven by the research market with extended closures among some universities and research institutes that we expect to continue into the third quarter. Clinical, however, has shown some resilience through the pandemic with growth both sequentially and year-over-year driven by reproductive health. Oncology testing is still below pre-COVID-19 levels but improving.
EMEA revenue of $168 million was largely in line with our expectations and reflected significant sequential declines in both research and clinical sequencing consumables. Research headwinds were driven by lab closures, while some other customers redirected resources to nonsequencing-based COVID-19 diagnostic testing.
As expected, the Americas region saw the largest sequential dollar impact from COVID-19 and was down $142 million from last quarter to $335 million. Compared to April, more academic and government labs are resuming operations, but most are still operating well below pre-COVID-19 levels. Clinical continues to be more resilient with some customers reporting lower clinical samples associated with shelter-in-place restrictions. Finally, the Asia Pacific region reported revenue of $51 million compared to $57 million in the second quarter of 2019 as research labs reduced activity.
Moving to the customer view. We continue to track sequencing run rates as an indicator of general activity, but remind you that this is not directly correlated to revenue. It's clear that while customers navigate this pandemic, many are maintaining a lower level of sequencing consumable inventory than before. As a result, shipments, and therefore revenue, are lagging the recovery we're seeing in run rates.
That said, in clinical, we shared that the run volume at the end of April was about 80% of the run rate in the fourth quarter of last year. Clinical run rate for the second quarter of this year averaged 84% of the Q4 '19 run rate. The trend is one of modest recovery, but with significant variation from week to week. Within clinical, reproductive health continues to be the most resilient, followed by oncology.
Moving to research. Second quarter run rate improved from about 55% at the end of April to about 65% of the Q4 '19 run rate, but clearly remains significantly impacted by the pandemic. Weekly run rates among research customers are more variable than clinical.
While commercial disruption has been unavoidable, the broader Illumina team continues to execute against our strategic priorities with new product releases and acquisitions that are intended to further enhance our customers' application portfolio and ease of use and expand our market opportunity. Early feedback on NextSeq 2000 has been very positive with customers reporting that the sequencers outperform expectations with the excellent data quality they've come to expect from Illumina.
Despite the shift to the virtual world, our team has done a terrific job of installing new systems and getting customers up and running, which speaks to the strength of our support organization as well as the underlying engineering and product design. Additionally, customers are showing continued interest in the P3 flow cell, which remains on track for a fourth quarter launch.
As noted earlier, we obtained the first Emergency Use Authorization for a sequencing-based COVID-19 diagnostic test in early June, highlighting our versatile R&D and regulatory capabilities. In early July, we launched the TruSight Software Suite for genetic disease that enables labs to accelerate time to potentially transformative genomic insights from weeks to hours. The TruSight Software Suite helps customers quickly sort through millions of variants to identify hard-to-find genomic conditions. We believe that this TruSight Software Suite could, over time, become part of a new standard of care for newborns suspected of a genetic condition. And there is already broad and growing reimbursement offered for genetic disease testing.
As the opportunity for clinical sequencing grows, we continue to identify and address bottlenecks to adoption, and this has resulted in innovation across the entire sequencing workflow. Most recently, we announced our new DNA PCR-free prep, which reduces library prep time by as much as 75%. This accelerates time to result and improves lab efficiencies, which are both even more important in the context of clinical samples.
At the other end of the workflow, we continue to find ways to help our customers store, manage and analyze the vast amounts of data generated by our sequencers. With that in mind, we closed 2 technology acquisitions in June and July that, combined with our existing software solutions, improve the efficiency and scalability of processing and sharing data.
BlueBee offers software solutions that enhance users' ability to extract insights from genomic data stored in Illumina's analytics platform, and Enancio brings proprietary lossless genomic data compression software that reduces storage footprint fivefold and will be integrated directly into the DRAGEN workflow. Outside of the sequencing workflow, but important nonetheless, we received positive feedback on our new sustainable reagent packaging, which will divert almost 250,000 cubic feet of foam packaging from landfills each year.
Finally, I'm pleased to announce some enhanced features and new pricing for our NovaSeq reagent kits. The new reagent kits deliver longer shelf life and extra cycles, extending our performance lead in the high throughput market. Additionally, the new kit offers more accessible pricing for any NovaSeq user, bringing the $600 genome into reach for all our customers. These changes represent Illumina's ongoing commitment to sequencing innovation to enable deeper sequencing; adoption of more data intensive applications like whole genome sequencing, single cell and liquid biopsy and larger cohorts to increase the statistical power of studies.
With that, I'll hand you over to Sam to discuss the financials in more detail.

Thank you, Sam. While the near-term disruption is challenging as we continue to navigate the pandemic, we remain as bullish as ever on the opportunity ahead for Illumina. The long-term opportunity for sequencing is expanding as the need for more infectious disease research and surveillance capabilities comes into focus. Innovation remains our North Star, and we will continue to partner with our customers as well as innovate internally to ensure that sequencing-based applications are contributing to global efforts to combat this pandemic and whatever combination of research, diagnostics, screening and surveillance applications is the most impactful.
Our competitive positioning is strong with the recent preliminary injunction helping protect our intellectual property here in the United States. And looking beyond the pandemic, we remain unwavering in our commitment to innovation and to investing appropriately to progress our technology pipeline and continue to deliver gold standard sequencing products to market. My thanks to our customers and to our employees who are demonstrating resilience and flexibility as we work through this pandemic together.
With that, we can start the Q&A.

Okay. So let's go to each of those in order, Tycho. So first, let's talk about COVID and how we expect that to scale in the second half. As we said in the prepared remarks, we saw very little COVID-related revenue in Q2, and we expect that to start to build into the back half of the year. In our base modeling, we are modeling little COVID-related revenues certainly in Q3, but there are a number of areas where our customers are looking to use sequencing that we expect to start to contribute revenue in Q3 and then ramping in Q4. Those areas are research, diagnostics, screening and surveillance.
On the research side, there are a number of projects that got kicked off in Q2 that will start to scale in Q3 and into Q4. Examples include what's happening with genomic, for example, in the U.K. NHS GEL project, where they're looking at 35,000 COVID patients and they're sequencing them to understand what are the drivers of the severity of the infection. It's also projects like CanCOGeN in Canada or GMI. On the diagnostics side, we have a number of customers that are starting to scale up their diagnostic capabilities. And so we have customers like the PathGroup, for example, Ginkgo, Helix, Guardant, UCLA. They've all just started to scale up their diagnostic capabilities, and we expect them to begin to scale in Q3 and then ramp up in Q4.
We also have some customers that are looking at rolling out a screening-based offering as part of back-to-school or back-to-work initiatives. One example includes what's happening at Delaware State University, as I mentioned in the remarks, where they're working with one of our customers to screen about 3,000 educators and students a week as part of getting people safely back into school. And so it remains to be seen how those initiatives scale up over Q3 and Q4. And it's quite a range of outcomes there, as you can imagine, where you can imagine getting it fairly big if it really gets adopted as a way to get people back safely to school.
And then there are a number of surveillance initiatives that are starting that are looking at helping track the epidemiology of the pandemic and also looking to put together infrastructure that will last beyond this pandemic. So for example, there's work happening around the CDCs, for example, in terms of setting up a surveillance infrastructure. So those are the 4 buckets. There's research, there's diagnostics, screening and surveillance. Again, very little in terms of revenue so far, but starting to ramp in Q3 and heading towards the end of the year. That was the first question.
The second question, Tycho, was around PopGen. So let's talk about some of the big initiatives. In terms of All of Us, we didn't see any sequencing revenue associated with All of Us in Q2, but there was progress there where they received the IDE from the FDA and are looking to start ramping up in Q3 and then more meaningfully ramp up in Q4. The U.K. NHS has really focused -- it's put on pause the project that it had and is really now focused on the GEL-related project that I just talked about. The UK Biobank was sequencing in Q2, but significantly down in terms of run rate from where it was in Q1, and we expect that to continue to ramp over the course of the year.
In terms of China, which I think was the last part of your question, it was down. And what we're seeing in China is a real headwind in the research market where, although you're seeing China sort of work its way back to normal, there is still a phenomena where a lot of the academic labs are either closed or operating at lower capacity or being repurposed for COVID-related testing. And so the research market in China continues to be down. Having said that, we're seeing more resilience in China from the clinical market. And so we saw both strength in the NIPT side of the business and in oncology relative to the research market.

Sure, Steve. Thank you for the question. So there are 2 parts to it. The first part is around what do we expect will happen in the academic markets around research dollars and whether we expect the projects to be deferred or canceled and how we're thinking about it. The feedback we're getting from our customers, Steve, is that the projects are being deferred, that they aren't being canceled. They're being deferred because either people are working at home as part of shelter-in-place initiatives that are unable to do the research that they need to do right now. Or they are in the lab, but they are being seconded to nonsequencing COVID-related work. What they're being told and they're telling us though is that they intend to get back to those research projects. And even in cases where there's a deadline associated with the funding for those projects, in many cases, the deadlines are being pushed out to allow them to come back and pick up on the work. And so the clear feedback we're getting from our customers is that those projects are on pause, and they expect to pick them back up.
In addition, what we're hearing from our customers in the research community is that there is additional funding coming into the mix as a result of the pandemic. And so what they are seeing is money being allocated to genomics research associated with the pandemic, whether it's to do with the host response, for example, or understand why some people are impacted more severely by the disease, or a whole host of other things that's driving more dollars into the research market. That's -- and so they are thinking about how to plan those projects right now.
In addition, they're telling us that the early signals around NIH budgets, for example, in the U.S. are very positive, that the early proposals are around an increase of about $5.5 billion to the NIH budget on a base of about $47 billion. So a pretty substantial increase is the first proposal. And that includes things like COVID-related work, but it also proposes an increase into the funding of NHGRI, which is directly obviously related to genomics initiatives. And so the academic research -- the signals about the comeback in academic research seem very positive to us right now.
That's part of the reason why we introduced the $600 genome because we wanted people, as they're thinking about the projects that they'll take on when they come back in, to be able to scope them appropriately and go broader with their [ emission ] because now they can plan for larger projects with deeper sequencing or larger cohorts. And so there's definitely a lot of thinking about what they do when they come back. So that was the first part of your question.
The second part of your question was around, okay, how does this impact the addressable market for Illumina? What's been the impact of the pandemic? And it's becoming clear to us that the overall TAM for Illumina has expanded over the last few months. That if you had talked to us in even January or certainly by December or before, really, we'd have talked to you much more about the opportunity in -- the clinical opportunity in oncology and reproductive health, but not a lot about infectious disease. And clearly, that's really changed over the last few months.
What's becoming very clear is that there is a role for genomics in a number of areas in infectious disease. There is an existing role for genomics that's scaling up in research. So there was always some research -- genomics-related research in infectious disease. That's really starting to scale up as we look to the coming months and quarters around some of the things I talked about, right, understanding the virus, understanding the interaction of the virus and the host.
There's also a real need for genomic testing in diagnostics. And that's fairly new, right? If we talked a few months ago, we'd have said really that the infectious disease diagnostics market is really a PCR market primarily, and that's changing as we look forward. There's going to be a sequencing-based diagnostic capability that comes to market because of customers of ours like the PathGroup or Ginkgo or Helix, and that's going to be an important part of the diagnostic testing market going forward. And that's new, and that's real.
We're also seeing customers explore a much larger opportunity about screening. And we're early in that, and you've heard about what's happening in Delaware State University. But that represents an entirely new opportunity around thinking about how you create safe environments in schools and work. And that's a new part of the market that's becoming accessible to genomics.
And then finally, there's a surveillance opportunity. And this is something that I think is durable because it's becoming very clear that we need a global pathogen surveillance network that's genomics based, that we need a much better early warning system to understand if there is a viral outbreak happening and that could be for things like the coronavirus today. But looking forward, it's needed for things like antimicrobial resistance, for bioterrorist attacks, for example. And so there's a need for an early warning system. There's a need for a network system that understands the transmission and virulence of the pathogen as it makes its way through a population. It's able to track the epidemiology of it. And so that's also new, right? And so that's starting to be put into place, and that's something that we will need from now on. And so that's a whole new part of the market that's being introduced to genomics.

Thank you, Doug. So let's work through the parts of the question. So the first part of the question was around the real role of NGS in COVID testing and how -- what kind of role will NGS play given that the majority of testing is being done on PCR and has been. So let me start there, and then I'll talk about capital equipment.
In terms of COVID, again, if I look at the 4 buckets where we're being pulled: it's research, it's diagnostics, it's screening and it's surveillance. Research, no question. There are research projects that are coming online that are uniquely suited to NGS compared to PCR. So all the projects that I talked about, really, they're new, they're incremental and they need NGS. And so whether it's GMI in Ireland or any one of the projects that I talked about, that will be on NGS, and those will ramp over the course of the year.
In diagnostics, there's no question that the first wave of testing was really done on PCR. And so as the world needed to scale really quickly up its testing, it absolutely made sense for all of that scale-up in the first wave to happen on PCR. The reason NGS is being pulled in now is -- there's a few reasons for it. One is there are areas where we're running into capacity constraints, right? And so when we talk to labs, and certainly you'll read, that even here in the U.S., the turnaround times associated with the testing in the U.S. right now can be 10-plus days. And when you ask the labs why that is, they'll tell you there's supply chain constraints, that all the PCR testing services are competing for some of the same elements in the supply chain.
And so labs are talking to us about needing an orthogonal testing modality that doesn't compete for the same supply chain resources. And so that's where NGS comes in, and that's why people are looking at NGS for the second wave, where they expect a pretty significant need for testing. We were talking to one lab and they said, "Look, on a given day, they'll turn down 20,000 people for test just because there's no capacity." And so there's clearly need for [indiscernible] system that doesn't compete for the same supply chain. So that's one reason we're being pulled into diagnostic testing.
Another reason we're getting pulled into diagnostic testing is in some cases, people want more information. They don't just want the diagnostic yes or no. They do want a few things. One, they want to do confirmatory. For example, if somebody is positive on PCR, so in some cases, they want to do confirmatory testing. They want to get more information on the viral genome for epidemiological information to get transmission data so they can help inform policy decisions. And then in some cases, they run a certain percentage of the negatives just to make sure that there isn't a false negative problem happening. And so for that reason, too, they're looking to scale up their NGS capacity.
And so those are some of the reasons we're being pulled into diagnostic testing. Now you asked about SwabSeq versus COVIDSeq. And frankly, obviously, we support them all. SwabSeq has been developed to provide a quick diagnostic yes or no answer, right? And so it's a cheaper test, and it does give you that yes/no answer. And there are various flavors of SwabSeq that are being implemented by different customers of ours. From -- you asked about the economics. You can think about depending on the flavor, it's sort of in the low to mid-single digits per test that comes to Illumina. If the customer is using COVIDSeq, you should think about it as a $20 per test, for example, that comes to Illumina.
And so that's sort of the drivers of why NGS is being pulled into the diagnostics section. Now to help with that, obviously, we developed COVIDSeq and sort of launched it at the end of Q2. And we've just filed for the EUA amendment to make the workflow simpler and to enable COVIDSeq to be run on NextSeq, which allows the smaller labs now to do the COVID testing.
The next question you had -- sorry, let me just finish. The other 2 areas we've been pulled into COVID. So we talked about research. We talked about diagnostics. We're being pulled into screening and again, the idea here is to screen a healthy population, very large scale. And so some of our customers, like we talked about on the call, are looking to use NGS for that high-scale testing. It's early. There are some exciting pilots happening, and we're watching to see how they play out.
And then for surveillance, that's something you can really only do on NGS. It's not something you can do on PCR because what you want to do with surveillance is identify a pathogen outbreak as it happens. And so for there, you actually do need to get the sequence of the pathogen. And then similarly, on surveillance, you want to track the transmission of the pathogen. And for that, you again need the genome of the virus more than you can get from a PCR test. And so surveillance is a real need that is uniquely suited for NGS.
In terms of capital equipment, I'm going to turn it over to Sam.

Sure. Thank you, Dan. So let's start with the clinical market and sort of the dynamics there and why not faster. And really, the clinical market is a story of 2 markets, right? So if you look at what's happening in NIPT, NIPT has actually been fairly resilient. So if we look at, for example, in the Americas, we actually saw quarter-on-quarter growth in the NIPT market. So from Q1 to Q2, even though overall revenues were low and went down, you did see growth in NIPT. And so on -- one part of the clinical market that's been fairly resilient is the NIPT part, and that's fairly consistent. And that's fairly consistent.
If you look at oncology, what's happening is we -- even though the oncology segment is more resilient than the research market, it is less resilient than NIPT. And what's happening, and this is a dynamic that's playing out more broadly, is that people aren't going in to get screened for cancer and fewer people are being diagnosed with cancer. It's not that they're not getting cancer just as much as they were before. It's just that they aren't going in. And that's a human tragedy, and it's showing up for us, too, where the oncology market is slowed down.
Now the cancer isn't going away. And so at some point, we do expect people will go in to get screened and will want to get tested so they can get matched with the appropriate therapy. So in the oncology market, there's likely to be some catch-up that needs to happen. Now unfortunately, it won't help everybody, but there will be some catch-up that needs to happen. And so that's the dynamics playing out in the clinical market. On the NIPT side, some more resilience. In oncology, some resilience, but certainly not as much as on the NIPT side.
In terms of the new NovaSeq pricing, the $600 genome. The intent is with this release to make the $600 genome more accessible to all Illumina customers with this kit. What we think that does is it allows our customers to plan for larger projects as they think about writing grants. And it's primarily targeted in the research market to whether it's single cell applications or deeper sequencing or larger cohorts, we wanted them to be aware of the price point as they are planning the projects when they come back into the labs. I think this will be an incremental positive in terms of the economics for the -- maybe some smaller core labs that haven't yet upgraded from their HiSeqs to NovaSeq. I think this makes the economics even more compelling. And so I think it will be an incremental positive in terms of driving that upgrade cycle.
In terms of screening, unfortunately, the screening need isn't going to go away in the next couple of weeks as people go to school. I was talking to an individual who runs the public health system of one of the largest states in America, and he and I sort of agree that we will need this for at least a year, maybe somewhere between a year to 2 years. Because the reality is even in an optimistic scenario, we're talking about a vaccine towards the end of this year becoming available. And then between it being available and being broadly deployed, there's going to be some time. And so in that time, there's going to be a real need to make sure that we have safe schools and safe work environments, and that's where the need for screening is.
So I think that need for screening is going to be playing out even going into sort of the middle of next year. Now we've talked about one case being rolled out. We have a number of customers that are working on their screening initiatives, and we'll leave it up to them to be public about what they're doing.

Yes. Thank you, Puneet. So I think that different parts of the COVID market are -- need different price points. And sort of what we want to do is make sure that we have the right offering at the right price point to activate the different parts of the market. So let me be more specific.
If we look at the diagnostic part of the market, there, you do need price points where labs are able to offer a test at $75 to $100, which is where reimbursement is, and have a viable business. And so there, something like COVIDSeq would cost them -- Illumina reagents is $20, or SwabSeq, where it's in the single-digit dollars, is exactly the right fit. And so that's the price point that unlocks -- that opens up that market for NGS.
Now that market was never an NGS market. So this is all incremental to NGS. That was a PCR market. And so all of this is new dollars now that are available to NGS. And to open up that market, you need a test at the $75 to $100 price point. And so to Illumina, that's either sort of low to mid-single digits or $20 a test, but that's a large test.
Similar with screening. You need that same price point, and you may even, with pooling, be able to get to lower price points in that market. And that's the price point that you need to activate those markets. Screening could be a very large market, and it needs that kind of price point.
Now research and surveillance can sustain a higher price point. And so there, the $600 genome, I think, is the right sort of price point where if you're doing cohorts in the -- not measured in the millions but measured in the thousands or tens of thousands, there, a $600 price point makes sense and sort of activates that market. And so that's how we're thinking about it for the research market. Surveillance, it could be even a little bit higher because you're not talking about, again, millions of samples. And so that's how we are thinking about the different markets and having different offerings with different price points to activate those markets.

Yes. And then in terms of academic and sort of government funding, what we are seeing is, in some cases, the researchers are getting more time to spend academic funding. So that could certainly sort of prolong a little bit how long a project takes as people are sheltered in place and they have longer to actually use the money. So we definitely are seeing that. We are seeing, though, more money come into genomics-related COVID research, not less. And that's coming from some of the usual sources. So for example, I talked about the proposal to increase NIH grants, NIH -- sorry, funding next year by $5.5 billion, including an increase of just over $650 million to NHGRI. So that's the proposal. A total of -- yes, for NHGRI. That's the proposal.
But we're also seeing money come into COVID-related research or surveillance from, for example, philanthropies. When we did the donation to the 10 countries in Africa for the African CDC, we were working with one of the largest philanthropies here in the U.S. as well as one out of Asia to try and help deploy the surveillance -- global surveillance network. We're also seeing people who aren't usually funders of genomics work. So for example, sort of an interesting cooperation between -- the expansion of the relationship between Microsoft and Adaptive, for example, around understanding the immune response to COVID. And so overall, we are still seeing interest in government funding, academic funding, philanthropy funding associated with COVID and genomics research.

Yes. And then, Jack, in terms of your question on the turnaround time in NextSeq, obviously, it depends on the workflow at our customer sites that are implementing COVIDSeq and NextSeq and how they turnaround. The intent, of course, is to be able to have a test that allows a turnaround in that 24-hour time frame, but it really depends on the customer.