Thank you, Brian, and good afternoon, everyone. Illumina's third quarter was another exceptionally strong quarter with $1.108 billion in revenue, up 40% year-over-year and once again, significantly ahead of expectations. Our customer base continues to expand rapidly. And in the first 3 quarters of 2021, we added 50% more new customers than in all of 2020 or 2019. Because of this strength across our business, we're raising our full year revenue growth outlook for the third quarter in a row to approximately 36%. This is approximately double the growth rate and $567 million higher than the midpoint of the range we guided to at the beginning of the year. 
I will talk through the third quarter results for core Illumina as defined as Illumina other than GRAIL, and then I'll turn the call over to Bob Ragusa, the CEO of our GRAIL subsidiary to cover the GRAIL business. Core Illumina revenue was $1.106 billion. Sequencing instrument revenue was up 65% year-over-year, and we exited the quarter with a record instrument backlog, a positive leading indicator for future revenue. 
Sequencing activity in the quarter was also strong, with sequencing consumable revenue up 45% year-over-year, setting a new record. Our high throughput platform order volume is accelerating. Oncology testing, population sequencing and drug discovery initiatives drove record NovaSeq consumable and instrument shipments. Oncology testing customers represented the highest proportion of NovaSeq shipments for the quarter as large oncology testing labs added to their fleets to support expanded reimbursement for therapy selection testing. 
Drug discovery is emerging as a new application for high throughput sequencing with opportunities across common diseases ranging from obesity to aging. Our mid-throughput platforms also drove growth and expanded our installed base. In the third quarter, over 50% of NextSeq 1000 and 2000 placements were new-to-Illumina customers or to customers upgrading from low-throughput instruments. These instruments continue to unlock new applications. Researchers at Tulane School of Medicine are using the NextSeq 2000 for single cell experiments focused on infection and inflammation. The team is working to develop inhaled vaccines for pneumonia and use single-cell RNA-Seq on a NextSeq 2000 to study the immune cells elicited by this vaccine platform in a recent paper published in Science Immunology. 
Benchtop platforms also saw significant growth year-over-year, with the highest number of MiSeq shipments since Q4 2015. MiSeq, coupled with our COVIDSeq 96-sample assay, is enabling labs around the world to engage in local pathogen surveillance. This quarter, MiSeq placements in both Argentina and Brazil brought COVID surveillance to local communities in conjunction with broader national programs. 
Now turning to Clinical and Research and Applied segments, Oncology testing, our largest market segment, had another record quarter. Sequencing is becoming the standard of care and therapy selection, which is driving robust demand for Illumina sequencers, and our oncology testing customers are rapidly scaling their fleets in response. Reimbursement for genetic testing for therapy selection continues to expand with over 70% of insured lives in the U.S. now covered for these tests. 
Additionally, there are over 60 targeted and immunotherapy treatments currently on the market, highlighting the power of comprehensive genomic profiling in matching patients to treatment. TruSight Oncology 500, our research use-only comprehensive genomic profiling assay, had another record quarter, with over 340 customers now using the assay in their labs. 
In September, we announced a CDx partnership with Merck to develop and commercialize tests leveraging TSO 500 content and an HRD status based on Myriad's myChoice in patients with ovarian cancer. Approximately 300,000 women around the world will be diagnosed each year with ovarian cancer, the fifth deadliest cancer for women. This partnership will help these patients access additional treatment options with the goal of improving care. 
In reproductive health, we saw another quarter of strong year-over-year growth. [ Almost ] 80% of pregnancies in the U.S. are now covered for noninvasive prenatal testing. And we're seeing additional progress as states begin to incorporate the ACOG guideline revision from last year into their prenatal screening programs. In California, the prenatal screening program is being revised to include noninvasive prenatal testing, and the state has now issued a request for proposal. NIPT is increasingly being incorporated into guidelines outside the U.S. as well. 
In September, the Italian Ministry of Health issued new guidelines supporting the use of NIPT in a contingent model. With the continued momentum in coverage and guidelines, our end-to-end VeriSeq v2 solution is gaining traction across global markets. Genetic disease testing also posted another strong quarter, as broad reimbursement and compelling clinical utility data drive a shift to whole genome sequencing. 
This quarter, the results of the groundbreaking NICUSeq trial, co-authored by Illumina scientists were published in JAMA Pediatrics. The randomized time-delayed trial demonstrated that clinical whole genome sequencing drives a twofold improvement in both diagnostic efficacy and change of clinical management for acutely ill newborns. We are working to ensure that families and NICU patients around the world can access these tests. 
In the U.S., Michigan recently became the first state to offer rapid whole genome sequencing to acutely ill infants and children regardless of insurance and other states, like California and Florida, are making progress in this direction as well. Outside the U.S., last week, we announced the pilot program in Israel, to implement whole genome sequencing for critically ill infants suspected of having a genetic disorder in neonatal intensive care units. This program will accelerate time to diagnosis for these patients and support rapid clinical decision-making. 
Turning to our Research and Applied segments. We saw another strong quarter of sequential and year-over-year growth. The 30-plus population genomics initiatives that we support around the world drove growth in the quarter. The accuracy and scalability of our sequencing platforms, combined with our end-to-end solutions, like Illumina Connected Analytics make Illumina an ideal partner for large sequencing initiatives. The value of these population programs is expanding across clinical outcomes, research and drug discovery. This traction is generating significant interest and investment for additional programs like Our Future Health, the U.K.'s largest ever research program focused on developing new ways to detect, treat and prevent disease. 
Just yesterday, we announced that the Illumina-Connected Analytics solutions are being used by HostSeq, part of the Canadian COVID-19 Genomics network. Our sequencing and bioinformatics solutions will be used to identify biomarkers that can help predict potential risk of serious disease and support the development of novel therapeutics to combat COVID-19. We anticipate these types of population programs will become increasingly critical to innovation as their findings translate into greater use of sequencing in clinical workflows and actionable data for drug discovery. We're already seeing this with the initial data from the U.K. Biobank as the program concludes. 
Regeneron is utilizing the U.K. biobank data in multiple ways, including to find more than 500 genes with variant trade associations linked to higher risk of diseases, like hypertension, asthma and liver disease and as part of their data set to create new obesity medicines in partnership with AstraZeneca. And companies like Relay Therapeutics are utilizing genomic data along with AI and machine learning to advance drug discovery. 
COVID surveillance drove $55 million in sequencing shipments in the quarter, of which $15 million were instrument purchases, as concerns about variants continue to heighten the focus on surveillance efforts. We see the infrastructure for COVID surveillance as the foundation for broader pathogen surveillance to increase around the world. For example, CERI, a new genomics facility in South Africa, was launched this quarter with capabilities to bolster the pandemic and epidemic response across Africa. With resources like this in place, sequencing data from 51 of the 54 countries in Africa, is now available in GISAID. And a total of 50,000 SARS-CoV 2 genomes have been sequenced, 2 months ahead of Africa CDC's schedule. 
Turning to GRAIL. In August, we closed our acquisition, which we believe will help accelerate patient access and affordability for multi-cancer early detection screening. I am delighted to introduce Bob Ragusa on his first call as GRAIL's CEO. Bob most recently served as Illumina's Chief Operations Officer, and he has more than 30 years of experience in genomics. He played a critical role in providing the sequencing systems for the Human Genome Project and was responsible for significantly scaling Illumina's business in more than 140 countries and enabled the first NovaSeq shipments. With his decades of deep expertise, Bob is uniquely positioned to lead GRAIL during a time of extraordinary growth and discovery. I will now turn the call over to Bob to discuss GRAIL's business updates.

Thank you, Sam. Our third quarter performance reflects the strength of our business, the talent and dedication of our people and the enduring value of our mission. Before I close, I would like to highlight how we're furthering this mission through our ESG work. Human health and the health of the environment are intertwined as are our company mission and our commitment to operating responsibly and sustainably. 
In the third quarter, we announced aggressive environmental goals, including our Net 0 commitment to advance the climate component of our ESG strategy. Sam and I will discuss this strategy in greater detail at our inaugural ESG Investor event on November 16, and we hope you will join us. 
To close, we saw a remarkable performance and broad-based strength across our business in the third quarter and we are both inspired and excited to see this momentum continuing into Q4. We again raised our annual revenue guidance. And with our record instrument backlog, we are on-pace for a strong finish to an exceptional 2021. We will build upon this strength as we seize opportunities to expand existing markets, including oncology testing and infectious disease along with new applications. Sequencing data will enable this expansion as we usher in the era of genomic medicine. And Illumina will be at the forefront of these innovations, supporting our customers as we collectively advance human. 
health. 
Now, I’ll invite the Operator to open for Q&A.

Yes. Thanks, Dan, and I'll have my welcome to Cowen, and it's great to see you covering us again. So I did talk a lot about the strength in the oncology segment, specifically oncology therapy selection testing because that really has been one of the breakout stories, frankly, for the whole year. And what's really driving that story is a few things. One, we saw significant expansion in reimbursements for genomic testing for therapy selection play out in the U.S. And so now we have a significant base in the U.S. that has coverage for genomic testing. And at the same time, we've seen a move towards larger panels as comprehensive genomic profiling really gets traction in the market. And so those who have created a powerful force in oncology therapy selection testing and we're seeing our customers expanding their fleets. Now in terms of how that's playing out, 
you're seeing that play out across all segments. You're seeing some of our larger customers significantly expanding their fleets and expanding their NovaSeqs specifically because of the demand that they're seeing as well as the anticipated demand going forward. But you're also seeing new customers and some of our smaller customers getting into oncology therapy selection. One of the interesting metrics to look at, and it takes into account more than oncology. 
Like I said, oncology is one of the biggest drivers of it, is if you look at the strength in the NovaSeq instrument, you see we're placing a lot of NovaSeq instruments and we're having a very strong backlog of NovaSeq instruments. And at the same time, we're seeing really strong pull-through into NovaSeqs. And so that's sort of the pot of gold at the end of the double rainbow right, because you're seeing they're putting a lot of instruments out there and yet, pull-through remains high, at the high end of the range we talked about. And so to your question about what's the outlook going forward, I'd say that's a really good, positive indicator for what people are experiencing today and what they're expecting going forward.

Yes. Tycho, this is Francis. So I'll start by saying, look, it's a good question because any time you have just such a big beat and you have demand coming in so far ahead of expectations, I think now we're looking at the guide we've put out now is over $500 million over the midpoint of the guide we put out at the beginning of the year. So any time we have such a big beat playing out against the backdrop of a pandemic, the first thing you look at is the supply chain, your ability to serve. 
And as we said on the call, I'm incredibly proud of the work the team has done in terms of demand capacity planning to make sure that we're able to stay ahead of this big demand we're seeing. And as we pointed out, we started to see this demand build at the tail end of last year. And so the team did a lot of work on a number of fronts. 
First, they did work around making sure that our inbound suppliers will be able to cope with the demand that was coming. And that meant things like building safety stock internally of supplies coming in, ordering items that would have long lead times, sometimes up to a year-plus in advance for things like resins, where we knew there might be shortages. But then also, we started to invest in increasing our own production capacity, and that was true across the board. So whether it's cartridges flow cells or [ rigs ] across the board, we started certainly by the first half of this year, we were significantly increasing capacity to build the supplies. 
And then in addition to that, we started to invest starting last year in increasing our ability to move production. So specifically, for example, we expanded our warehousing capacity in Eindhoven and opened up a new center in Eindhoven and that's our regional distribution for EMEA, as you might know. And we doubled the capacity we had in Eindhoven. Similarly, we expanded capacity in Japan this year. From a warehousing perspective, we put a new warehouse in Brazil this year. And we also continue to invest in and strengthen the transportation links between these hubs. 
And then we started to build safety stock on the outbound side to make sure that we had enough inventory on site to cope with what we knew was going to be strong demand ended up being much stronger than even we had expected. And so for the vast majority of our core consumables now, we have safety stock on hand of 6 to 8 weeks of supply. And so our team did a really terrific job sort of calling it early and then jumping on it end to end to make sure that we have the capacity to supply the demand coming in.

Yes. So maybe I will talk about the regulatory process, Tejas, and then I'll turn it over to Bob to talk about thoughts about commercial expansion. So from a regulatory process perspective, there have been no surprises, it's frankly playing out just as we had expected. We are engaged with the 2 processes in the European Commission, and that's playing out. We look to get a decision on the Phase II view that's happening in Europe at the tail end of Q1 likely makes it a little, and we are waiting for the trial date for the jurisdiction trial that's happening in Brussels. So playing out as expected. 
And then in the U.S., we are continuing to wrap up the administered trial that just played out and we expect a decision likely in Q1. So the tail end of the year but more likely in Q1. So it's playing out as we expected in terms of the whole separate. The order came out, and it was consistent with how we thought it would be and consistent with -- generally consistent with the whole sector that we put into place ourselves voluntarily in anticipation of how this would play out. So in general, no real surprises. The process is playing out as we planned. Now I turn it over to you, Bob.

Yes. Maybe I'll just add one other thing from a personal perspective. We've rolled out the GRAIL test to Illumina employees. As I know, as some of you listening may also have. And again, as a CEO, there are a few times in your career, you get to roll out something that's universally beloved it and will still save you money. And we started to see since the first people come and reach out to us and say that they've been able to -- they feel fortunate they've been able to find an early-stage cancer because of the Galleri test and the cancers they're talking about are ones that don't have other screens. And so this is sort of a very personal realization of the power of this test.

Yes. So we have continued to see a really strong performance out of China. We overall had 47% year-over-year growth. And the growth in China continues to be driven by the clinical markets. And so our strategy, starting last year, really, focusing on the emerging hospital market is really paying dividends. It's a market that's really embracing and not just NIPT, which they embraced early, but increasingly also starting to more broadly roll out oncology testing, genomic testing. And so we're seeing progress there. A lot of it is driven by the terrific partner ecosystem that we've built up over the years in China. That's really paying off. 
In addition, we're actually seeing a tailwind associated with some regulations that have emerged that allow the use of LDTs in Shanghai. And so that has been -- that's fairly recent, but has already started to pay dividends as you see more labs being stood up to generate their own LDT testing capability. And so that's helped us in driving some of the tailwind there. But we're definitely excited and optimistic about what's happening in China for us right now.

Yes, absolutely. So one of the things that has been really great to see is the broadening of the base of population sequencing customers. So we've talked about the fact that we've been cultivating over 50 of these opportunities, and we're now at the stage where over 30 of these opportunities are already generating revenue. So that's really good to see from a diversification perspective. 
What's also really great about it is a lot of these population sequencing initiatives are driven from a national health perspective. So they aren't research projects. What you're seeing is countries embrace genomic testing as part of the standard of care in a health system. 
And that's terrific, first of all, because of the very human impact it allows you to have because you're in the pathway of delivering valuable information to patients. But it also is a place that's very durable, right? So it means once you've built into the health care system, then you just get ramped up as your population scales and it goes year after year. And so that's another really exciting thing to see. 
The other thing that's playing out, we're starting to see the emergence of cohorts, a lot of them involving pharma partners that are looking to generate data from -- population level data from some of the Big Data repositories out there around the world, like Biobanks. And so that's an emerging, sort of, building part of the population sequencing ecosystem right now, too

Yes, let me sort of reiterate what Sam just said around, look, we are walking into Q4 having a -- with a record instrument backlog, right? So a really strong place to be we had record instrument shipments in Q3 for NovaSeq. And the pull-through on NovaSeq, even with all the instruments we just placed, and you expect a lot of them are still in their ramp-up mode, where they should be at the low-end of total. But even with that, the total average pull-through on NovaSeq as at the high end of the range we've talked about. So it's been pegged there. And so there's just a lot of activity happening on our NovaSeqs out in the field. and that's causing customers to place the orders that are driving the record backlog that we have walking into Q4. And so we really feel that it's a really fantastically strong position to be.

Yes, maybe I'll start and turn it over to Bob. I would say what we said before continues to be -- continues to be true today, which is in the U.S., this test is going to be -- has been rolled out as an LDT. And it doesn't need anything more. It's on the market today. It's a self-pay test. You can order today. Some employers are already covering it. There are some health systems that are looking to roll it out. And if it's a concierge system, it could be, for example, as far as the subscription model or our models. And so nothing in the U.S. is needed for the test to continue to be on the market. It's been in the market since June. And nothing in terms of trials that are needed for the existing revenue sources that Bob talked about to be real. 
So everything in terms of studies and data is all out there. In fact, the -- you heard the studies that were published earlier this year just reinforced already the huge amount of data that's been put out onto the market so far. So nothing more is needed there. 
And what we said about NHS is, the NHS is sort of a self-contained trial in the sense that it has designed the milestones and the product that would get it comfortable rolling it out at a population scale. And they were the ones who rolled out the path that started 140,000, then scale up to 1 million in the next couple of years and then go population scale. And so it's a fully self-contained process. They have identified what they need to see. They are partnering with GRAIL. And so that's what we've said before, and that's what we continue to see. And I'll turn it over to Bob.

Yes. Maybe I'll start and say, look, as we think about GRAIL and sort of the path forward in terms of clarity, I know it's been a question that investors have asked. And so our perspective is obviously, we're going to continue to work through the trial process, and I'll give you an update on that. But what we want to do is make sure that GRAIL continues to create value because what that means is that no matter what scenario plays out in the event that we get done and we have GRAIL and we can grow it, that's a huge, huge success, obviously, and hugely valuable for our shareholders. But we know that if we create a lot of value in GRAIL, then no matter what the regulatory outcome is, it's still a big win, not only for people who are getting screened but also for our shareholders because we'll have an asset significantly appreciated. 
And even if you look at the progress that's been made at GRAIL since we announced the deal, right? So since we announced the deal, they've published some of their study results. They have launched a product on the schedule they set in June. They have initiated -- not only signed the NHS deal but started the rollout to 140,000 customers and signed up some other health care systems and employers in the U.S. So it's clear the business has created significant value from maybe 12, 15 months ago when we announced the deal. And so our focus is going to be partially also just to make sure that Bob and his team have everything they need to go create a hugely valuable business. And what that does is it ensures our shareholders in some ways, no matter what the outcome is, it's a win for our shareholders. So I want to make sure that I feel very clear that, that's continuing to happen while we talk a lot about the trial. 
From a trial perspective, we expect the decisions we expect out in Europe to come on 2 fronts, right? So as you pointed out, the Phase II result, right now the date is February 24, it may slip a little, but we expect to results from Phase II around that time frame. So late Q1, maybe early Q2. We are also looking for a date in the trial, around jurisdiction in Brussels, and that's also a first half thing, maybe sort of mid-Q1, maybe Q2. Should we prevail in either of those, then we are done with the regulatory process in the European Union. If we don't, then depending on which one, there's certain appeals process that you go through. 
And then still in the FTC, we expect a decision, as I said, in Q1 around the administrative process. Inevitably, there will be a re-review or appeal to the commissioners after that. And then you go -- if you -- if we don't prevail on any of those steps, then we go to a District Court probably in the back half of next year. So that's the process. And now I'll turn it over to Bob for any other color.