Thank you, Juliet. Good afternoon, everyone. Illumina had a strong finish to 2020, with both revenue and orders setting new records. Fourth quarter revenue of $953 million was up 20% sequentially from the third quarter. Sequencing instruments grew 29% quarter-over-quarter. We also booked the second-highest NovaSeq units during the fourth quarter, primarily driven by the August launch of our v1.5 reagents. v1.5 resulted in higher new customer growth as well as additional HiSeq conversions. NovaSeq continues to be the market-leading sequencer as it enters its 5th year since launch.
Full year 2020 revenue of $3.2 billion declined 9% year-over-year, with the largest impact in the pandemic in the second quarter. Our business accelerated in the second half of the year, growing 17% compared to the first half. In 2020, we shipped more than 2,000 sequencing systems, setting another record for mid-throughput shipments and added more than 700 new customers, which exceeded our expectation.
I'd like to share some fourth quarter highlights by platform, starting with our high throughput systems. NovaSeq consumable pull-through was at its highest level of the year at over $1.2 million per instrument. We expect NovaSeq flow-through to continue at pre-pandemic levels of $1.1 million to $1.2 million per year in 2021. The NovaSeq v1.5 reagent introduction is catalyzing a new wave of high-throughput customers as a $600 genome became a reality for labs of any size. In fact, over half our NovaSeq system orders in 2020 were to new high-throughput customers. This includes customers like Argentina's Ministry of Health, which purchased NovaSeq for infectious disease research.
v1.5 introduction also accelerated the purchasing time line for CellCarta, a contract research organization and a new to high-throughput customer who plans to use their NovaSeq to support oncology clinical trials. The v1.5 reagents are also strengthening the economic case for legacy HiSeq customers to upgrade, like the University of Oregon who is using NovaSeq for large, single cell and epigenetic studies. We ended the year with about 1,000 active HiSeq units. And in 2021, we expect continued HiSeq to NovaSeq adoption among the 320 customers yet to transition.
Moving to mid-throughput. 2020 marked the second consecutive year of record placements, and the mid-throughput segment continues to provide durable growth in our core business. Fourth quarter strength was primarily driven by the successful launches of NextSeq 1000 and 2000, which also drove an increase in mid-throughput consumables revenue for the full year. Looking ahead, we expect continued NextSeq expansion in 2021, particularly in the clinical segment. Notably, we received NMPA approval in China for NextSeqDx, driving demand in local hospitals and applications like oncology and infectious disease testing. We expect this approval to drive NextSeqDx placements and further increase our clinical presence in 2021.
We added more than 500 new low-throughput customers in 2020, bringing our total to more than 6,100 customers worldwide. Our platforms hold the largest set of flow cell configurations and enable the most expansive set of supported methods with run times as fast as 5 hours. In the fourth quarter, we had record low-throughput consumable revenue driven by customers like Invitae of products in development using MiSeqDX.
I'll now provide updates on our clinical and research and applied segments. Total sequencing consumables revenue of $2 billion was down 2% year-over-year, reflecting the impact of the pandemic on academic and research institutions. By the fourth quarter of 2020, clinical sequencing run rates actually exceeded pre-pandemic levels, and research run rates also returned to normalized pre-pandemic volumes. It was great to see how our customers successfully rebounded under these challenging circumstances. More than 43% of our sequencing consumable shipments in 2020 were to clinical customers, which includes testing for oncology, reproductive health and genetic disease. Clinical testing proved durable during the pandemic, with clinical consumables growing about 8% year-over-year to approximately $890 million in 2020. And in the fourth quarter, clinical consumables growth accelerated to over 20% year-over-year.
In clinical, I'll highlight first the tremendous progress made in market access and reimbursement. We believe recent landmark coverage decisions will drive greater adoption of next-generation sequencing to new levels over the next several years. In oncology, 205 million lives are now covered for tumor-comprehensive genomic profiling in the U.S. And with an increasing number of targeted oncology therapies, we expect CGP to grow to be a $1 billion-plus market by 2026. Additionally, Germany recently started covering tumor CGP and whole exome and whole genome for rare and undiagnosed genetic disease without restrictions. This means that 73 million lives will have better access to CGP and whole exome and whole genome testing. In reproductive health, with multiple large payers expanding coverage for all pregnancies, we expect NIPT coverage in the U.S. to exceed 3 million pregnancies by the end of 2021. And finally, whole genome sequencing coverage for genetic disease testing increased tenfold in 2020. And we expect WGS to become the standard of care in genetic disease as awareness and reimbursement continues to grow.
With these positive reimbursement trends as a backstop, I will now discuss our clinical focus areas in a little more detail. Oncology testing continues to represent approximately 20% of total sequencing consumables, and it grew year-over-year driven by companies like Guardant Health who expanded its mobile phlebotomy services to help patients access its Guardant360 liquid biopsy test during the pandemic. This also includes Genomic Health and the NHS that adopted NovaSeq comprehensive genomic profiling as a standard of care in the U.K. And oncology centers like Florida Cancer Specialists, a private community oncology and hematology practice, with nearly 100 offices throughout Florida. Florida Cancer Specialists purchased multiple NextSeqDx systems in 2020 to run Illumina's TruSight Oncology 500 assay in its new lab. Reproductive health represented about 12% of sequencing consumables, with revenue and samples for our end-to-end VeriSeq NIPT solution growing over 20% in 2020.
Lastly, about 10% of our sequencing consumables revenue is related to genetic disease testing. Customers continue to choose Illumina's highly accurate and scalable sequencers as their platform of choice in this area. For example, the recent collaboration between Weill Cornell Medicine and New York-Presbyterian Hospital, in partnership with the New York Genome Center, will use Illumina technology for clinical WGS in areas like cardiovascular, metabolic and neurodegenerative diseases.
Turning to our research and applied segment. Revenue of approximately $1.2 billion represented just under 57% of our sequencing consumable shipments and was lower by about 6% year-over-year as customers were impacted by the pandemic. Research accelerated in the second half, growing 20% compared to the first half as researchers return to their labs. This segment includes research in oncology and genetic disease as well as population genomic and research initiatives. Our sequencers-enabled programs like K-DNA, a large-scale Korean project aiming to sequence 1 million genomes by 2030. A service provider consortium, standardized on Illumina technology, won the competitive tender based on NovaSeq's superior technical evaluation. The program plans to complete a 7,500-genome Phase I by the end of the year.
The NHS commenced a phased rollout for whole genome sequencing in the fourth quarter for selected rare disease and cancer patients as part of their routine care. Once this live clinical testing phase is complete, we expect the whole genome sequencing service to further ramp in the spring. We expect the [ Olivet ] program to continue to scale this year. And the NIH anticipates releasing de-identified data from 100,000 sequence and array genotype samples to its research portal by the end of 2021.
Finally, as a leading innovator, Illumina remains steadfast in the defense of our intellectual property globally. We received injunctions against BGI for patent infringement in the U.S., Germany, U.K., Spain, Sweden and Finland. We remain confident that our IP portfolio affords strong protection for Illumina's innovation now and well into the future.
And now I'll turn it over to Sam.

We're off to a strong start in 2021. We're seeing strength in our core business and are playing an essential role in the emerging surveillance effort necessary to fight the pandemic. In the past couple of months, as new, more dangerous SARS-CoV-2 variants have emerged, there has been a growing recognition of the need for COVID surveillance around the globe, with countries like the U.K., Australia, Canada and Germany leading the way in deploying national surveillance infrastructures. In the U.S. The proposed budget package contains $1.75 billion for the CDC to conduct, expand and improve activities to sequence genomes, identify mutations and survey the transmission of viruses, including SARS-CoV-2.
Sequencing-based surveillance is one of the key elements in the fight against this pandemic. And it's also becoming clear that sequencing and surveillance are becoming mainstream in the defense against infectious disease. This global surveillance infrastructure being built right now will be instrumental in identifying future outbreaks, including coronaviruses, antimicrobial resistance and bioterrorism. Illumina is proud to be at the forefront of this important work.
We'd also like to congratulate Nobel Laureate and Illumina Board member, Dr. Frances Arnold, who was named as Co-Chair of the U.S. President's Council of Advisors in Science and Technology. We believe the recent appointment of highly experienced scientists signal the administration's focus on science, including genomics, to improve life in the U.S. for everyone.
Finally, we continue to expect to close the GRAIL acquisition in the second half of this year, enabling us to help accelerate the adoption of early cancer detection screening and opening up the largest application for genomics by far. We're looking forward to GRAIL launching Galleri in Q2.
We see a vast number of opportunities ahead of us. And there has never been a more exciting time to be in genomics and at Illumina. Now I'll invite the operator to open up for Q&A.

Super. Thanks, Sam. So Dan, now I'll take your question about NovaSeq this year and touch specifically also on the remaining HiSeq customers and how we're thinking about it this year. So I'll start by saying that, look, we're entering this year with a lot of momentum on NovaSeq. The version 1.5 NovaSeq reagents that we released in August really did a nice job in terms of unlocking the elasticity of demand in that high-throughput segment of the market. And so as we talked about, coming into this year, we're coming off a Q4 where, in our first quarter of selling the version 1.5 reagents, NovaSeq consumables had a record, growing mid-teens year-over-year, so very strong from a consumable perspective.
And we talked about the fact that in Q4, we also had our second-highest order in terms of bookings orders for NovaSeq. And the first highest was when we first launched NovaSeq back in 2017. So both from an instruments perspective and a consumables perspective, we're coming off a really strong Q4, and we're walking into this year with a really strong pipeline and a strong backlog following the orders that came in, in Q4. So as we think about this year then, there are 2 sources of demand we see for NovaSeq. One, and we talked about this in Q4 also, that we're seeing, because of 1.5, really an unlocking of demand from new to high-throughput customers. And if you think about it, in Q4, over half the bookings went to new to high-throughput customers. So again, that new pricing is opening up the market for new customers to come in.
And the other source of demand for NovaSeq coming into this year is the remaining HiSeq customers. And as we pointed out, there are -- of our original HiSeq base, we still have 320 customers that have yet to begin the upgrade cycle. And now with the lower pricing on 1.5, these typically smaller core labs now have a NovaSeq accessible to them. And if you look at the pricing now, all it takes for a HiSeq 2500 customer is for them to run about 4 high-output kits a month, and they can justify the list price of a NovaSeq in a year. In addition, with the 1.5 release, we extended the shelf life of the consumables from 3 months to 6 months, so they don't have to sequence as frequently to justify the upgrade. And then, finally, the new 35-cycle S4 kits also enables counting method now on the NovaSeq, which was important to those labs. So you add all those in, and we're walking into this year with strong momentum on the NovaSeq side, and that's what we expect to drive orders this year. In fact, we're expecting another strong year of NovaSeq orders coming into 2021.

Yes. Let me build on Sam's remark. So you're right, Tycho, this is a significant raise for us in terms of what we were expecting for Q1 given what we shared at JPMorgan. And at JPMorgan, what we shared was very typical for our business and other players in our business, which is sequentially, from Q4 to Q1, because of the capital cycle, you expect a decrease in revenue. And that's what we called and we said, look, you should expect us to be flat to Q1 of last year. But we're seeing a lot more strength even in the first few weeks of the quarter. And that strength is coming from our core business, as Sam said, and we're monitoring both -- not just orders, but we're monitoring activity levels. And exiting Q4 and into Q1, we're seeing strong activity levels both from the clinical side of the business but also on the research side of the business.
And so as we stand here, it's become clear to us that instead of being flat to a year ago, we're going to be up high single digits. And so we're coming pretty close to where we were in Q4. That's unusual in this business, but it really speaks to the strength that we're seeing in terms of orders coming in. Obviously, there's a lot of the year left, and so we're leaving the year guidance intact but, certainly, with strength in Q1.
In terms of surveillance, surveillance is something we've been talking about now for about a year. And the idea is that, in addition to rolling out testing infrastructure to fight this pandemic, you will need surveillance infrastructure to understand how the virus is spreading geographically and how it's mutating. And that information about mutations are essential to understand that the tools we're using to fight the pandemic, the diagnostics, the vaccines, the therapies, will continue to be effective. And really once the outbreak we started to see around Christmas of the B-117 variants in the U.K. and then the South African variant, that started to really get people to realize that we do need the surveillance infrastructure.
So it didn't contribute much in terms of revenue in Q4, and we've only built in a modest amount in Q1. But you can see the activity, right? You can see the activity in COG-UK. You can see the activity in countries around the world, in France, in Germany, in Italy and Spain and really sort of around the world. And we expect that to continue over the course of this year as countries build out the surveillance infrastructures. And that's going to be a durable surveillance infrastructure. We're going to need it in the future to warn us of the next pandemic, to warn us of bioterrorist attacks, antimicrobial resistance.
And what's interesting is that Illumina's technology is uniquely well suited for this need. And the reason for that is because we have unmatched accuracy. We can deliver at the highest scale. We can deliver the price point per sample that's necessary. And we also have the first cleared product for our customers to use. And so those things came together. And you'll see that playing out in the numbers, right? So right at the very beginning, we were the sequencer used in Wuhan. And then in Shanghai to publish the first viral genome. It was Illumina sequencing data that was used by the vaccine developers to develop the vaccines, the mRNA vaccines that are being used today. And that was because of the accuracy of the Illumina sequencing.
And now as you look at the large-scale initiatives, COG-UK and some of the other ones, it's Illumina sequencers that's being used because of the scale that we can achieve and the throughput and the turnaround time. And so you look at the numbers of the genomes in [ GS ], for example, and you will see that the vast majority of the data in [ GS ], the vast majority of the genomes that have been sequenced have been done on Illumina sequencers. And so very exciting, very important, starting now.

Yes. And if I could add on the GRAIL side. So no new update. So what that means is that GRAIL's on track for its PATHFINDER results, as they said at JPMorgan in their announcement for Q1, and they're on track for a Galleri launch in Q2. We know they are making progress with both health systems and self-insured employers. They haven't announced anything yet. But I know, for example, we are marching down the path at Illumina to make the GRAIL test available to our employees in the second half of this year. And as part of that process, our team has been engaged with other employers that are also in process with them. The big announcement, obviously, from the health system side was the announcement around the NHS, and that's tracking for the pilot to be launched this year. And as a reminder, that's 165,000 tests that they've committed to doing with the intent then, assuming that goes well, to do 1 million tests in 2024 and then do a population-wide rollout.

Yes. So now I will talk about 2 things. I'll talk about the customer event, I'll talk about the road map and I'll talk about the GRAIL MRD test. So we do have a customer event. It's going to be sort of our first global this year virtual customer event that we will have at the tail end of April. It's shaping up to be a terrific event. And we have some fabulous speakers, and we have tracks for different segments of our customer base. So there'll be a track, for example, on population sequencing where we will convene some of the largest population sequencing initiatives around the world to come together, share best practices and learn from each other. And we'll do the same thing on oncology testing and so on.
I suspect where you were going with that, Puneet, was so are we going to announce anything at the customer event. And I've been on the record of saying I'd love to announce products in front of customers rather than in front of bankers. But obviously, I can't say what we're going to do in terms of product road maps. As a company, we don't preannounce products. What we did announce recently the P1 flow cell. On the NextSeq, we announced ICA, the connected analytics platform at JPMorgan, which is seeing a really nice traction in population sequencing efforts. And obviously, the v1.5. So you'll just have to stay tuned in terms of what we announced when.
In terms of the GRAIL -- just MRD in general and the GRAIL MRD test. We are very excited about the impact on the patient side from having an MRD test. We think that that will improve life for cancer patients, enable them to catch recurrence earlier. And that's going to be an important market and is a big opportunity. But as you said, there are 2 customers already of ours that have MRD tests. We will support them. We want to make sure they're hugely successful because this is an important segment and a large segment as a genomics application as well. So we'll continue to do everything we can to make sure they're successful.
We're also excited about GRAIL's MRD test. And GRAIL has a little bit of a different take on their approach on MRD. And the difference between what GRAIL is trying to do and what some of the other players are trying to do is that some of the tests that exist in the market today are patient-specific tests. And so the way it works is you do a tumor profile on a particular patient's cancer and you -- based on the tissue sample you take from that patient, and then you create the test for that cancer patient. Then you -- and you run that as a blood test then going forward. So a terrific test, very important, very groundbreaking, but because you're taking a tissue sample and you're building a patient-specific test, it does take some time.
GRAIL is using a different approach. They're basing their MRD test on their screening test, which means it isn't patient specific, that it's the single blood test that they use for screening that they're using for MRD as well. That should significantly compress the time frame in terms of having that test available for a patient and doesn't require a tissue biopsy. And so we think they have a differentiated view in the market, and we're excited about bringing that to the market as well and giving patients the choice. Over the last few weeks, GRAIL announced some important partnerships. So at JPMorgan, we talked about the fact that GRAIL announced partnerships with Amgen, AstraZeneca, Bristol-Myers Squibb as partners for its MRD test, obviously, a terrific set of partners and continues to show good momentum around the development of that test of GRAIL.

Thanks, Sam. So let me pick up then on the commercialization plan for GRAIL. So let me start by saying that post acquisition, the intent is to run GRAIL as a separate division. So it's going to have its own sort of end-to-end infrastructure. The go-to-market plan for GRAIL, and you started to see glimpses of this, is not going to be to build this big direct-to-physician sales force necessarily. The initial plan for GRAIL is to sell to -- it's a B2B model, right, to sell to health systems, national health systems like the deal they talked about with the NHS, for example, but also integrated health systems in the U.S. to sell to concierge health systems and to sell to self-insured employers. And so that's an enterprise sale, a B2B sale. So similar to what we do at Illumina, obviously, a little bit different, but we also have an enterprise sales force. And so that's the intent with GRAIL going forward.
And while there might be some patient advocacy and some education, I think one of the advantages that GRAIL have relative to some of the tests in the market today is that it's a blood test. And it doesn't require a lot of pushing to get people to be compliant with the test that they have to take home, for example. And so it's a little bit of a different model that they're using. Again, they are using that model today. So they have sort of an IDE from the FDA, and they are returning results to patients in some really top-tier health care systems, like the [ Cleveland ] and so on. And so that's the model that they are refining. That's the model that's going to be rolled out at the NHS. And so that's the model we expect to continue going forward.

Yes, so let me pick up on that. So we are, obviously, very bullish in China in the sense that we expect China to grow faster than the overall company in 2021. So what's driving that? A few things. One, we're now starting to see sort of the next wave of adoption in the clinical market in China. And so we're seeing more hospitals embrace sequencing in their own hospital labs. And so that's sort of a wave that started to grow last year and, certainly, sort of picking up as we entered this year. That was part of the reason why this last quarter in Q4 was the highest quarter we've had for instruments since 2017 when we launched NovaSeq. And that was driven partially by hospitals starting to embrace sequencing and sort of bringing it into their labs.
We are seeing COVID drive some purchasing of sequencing. We talked about the fact that, again, we got called into Wuhan in December 2019. We've been involved since then as part of their pandemic-fighting efforts. That's a part of this business. And again, it's part of a durable surveillance infrastructure that's being built out. And then we continue to be long-term excited about the opportunity in China. And you saw us, for example, announce the partnership with one of the top venture capital firms in China, Sequioa Capital China, to launch a genomic incubator in China, to catalyze the next-generation of exciting genomics applications that leverage Illumina's sequencing technology.

So maybe I'll start and talk about the surveillance opportunity. It's too early to size the surveillance opportunity, I think, is sort of the short answer. But in terms of how to think about this, I think it's done right, it's significantly bigger than what we have today with the flu. And obviously, this pandemic was sort of a wake-up moment from so many perspectives. I'll give you one example. We were talking to officials from the U.S. government at some point in sort of late Q1, early Q2, and there was a realization that we have the coronavirus spreading in the U.S. for weeks, and people were dying, maybe months, and we didn't even know that we had it. And that's a huge wake-up call because that's important not just for a coronavirus pandemic but it has implications around surveillance for bioterrorism, for example. And so the wake-up call is to say, look, we need the surveillance infrastructure, and we need a global surveillance infrastructure. It's got to be genomic-based, and it's got to watch for emerging antimicrobial resistance, new pathogens, bioterrorism. The scope of that is significantly bigger than flu tracking that happens today. 
The other interesting dynamic that's playing out is this is absolutely a public health infrastructure, essential for public health, absolutely. But it's also a defense infrastructure. And the 2 are funded very differently, right? So public health, as you know, goes from panic to starvation, right? So there's the panic, infrastructure that gets built and then maybe doesn't always get the funding follow-through. Defense is not like that. And so this is going to be a combination of both. It's going to be a public health infrastructure, and it's going to be part of the national defense infrastructure. And so if you think about this long term, it's definitely got a scope that's significantly bigger in terms of thinking than what we do with flu today.

Got it. So let me answer the P1 question and then pick up on the sort of, I guess, partnerships. I'll start by saying now you know how I feel, right, in the sense that we have this incredible portfolio of products that our engineering team is building. And just every one of them I wish we could get earlier because when I think about the impact -- and it's 18% of our revenue we spend in R&D and it's a breathtaking set of products that the team is building. They're going as fast as they can to get the product out with the quality they need, especially given the important work that our customers do with our products. So while I'd love to, the reality is we can't pull P1 forward, although I know people really, really want it. And that's true across our entire portfolio. And I think you're right, it will actually have -- it will have really an important role to play even in surveillance.
I think your second question was around the partnerships that we were looking to do with other customers in the oncology diagnostics space that we're looking to get into screening. And we're making progress with those customers. We've signed supply agreements, long-term supply agreements, with some of those customers and continuing dialogue with the remaining customers. And so our commitment is to continue to supply them with the technology they need and make sure that they have all equal access to the technologies that we commercialize going forward. In some cases, those are agreements that are over a decade long. And that's great for our customers. That's great for us, too.