Thank you, Salli. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm excited to share with you how our commitment to innovation is driving growth and unlocking the power of the genome. My comments will cover a few key areas, starting with our strong finish and exceptional results for 2021, followed by how our platforms and markets drove those results. I'll then conclude by highlighting a few of the many trends that will support our momentum and continued growth in 2022 and beyond. 
Let's start with our financial results for both the fourth quarter and full year 2021. Fourth quarter revenue of approximately $1.2 billion increased 26% year-over-year with strong growth across both instruments and consumables and across all regions. Full year 2021 revenue of more than $4.5 billion increased 40% year-over-year, reflecting 76% growth in sequencing instruments and 43% growth in sequencing consumables. 
We're seeing record demand for our instruments across the throughput spectrum and across geographies. In 2021, we shipped more than 3,200 sequencing instruments and added more than 930 new instrument customers, over 50% more than in 2020 or 2019. 
Delving now into each of our platforms, starting with high throughput. We shipped 384 NovaSeq units in 2021 with more than 1/3 of those instruments for oncology testing. Approximately 50% of NovaSeq orders in 2021 were to new to high throughput or new to Illumina customers. 2021 NovaSeq consumable pull-through of more than $1.3 million per instrument was the highest ever average even with over double the placements compared to last year. 
Moving to mid-throughput. In 2021, we shipped more than 1,100 NextSeq system, surpassing 1,000 for the first time and nearly doubling 2020 shipments. This volume was driven by growing NextSeq 550 demand in clinical applications like oncology testing and reproductive health as well as NextSeq 1000 and 2000 demand as customers expand into multi-omic applications. More than 20% of NextSeq 1000 and 2000 units this year were placed with new-to-Illumina customers as we continue to see new customers using higher throughput applications. 
For low throughput, in 2021, we shipped more than 1,600 units, another record, driven in part by the addition of more than 700 new customers. 
Looking at our continued strong growth through the lens of our market. Our clinical markets currently include testing for oncology, reproductive health and genetic disease. In 2021, our consumable shipments to clinical markets grew 42%, driven in particular by oncology testing where many customers are building out comprehensive genomic profiling, or CGP, and expanding into liquid biopsy and monitoring. 
We continue to see expanding opportunities for our oncology products globally, including new studies launching in Europe and Asia, with our research-use only TruSight Oncology 500 assay. For example, our recent joint research project with the National Cancer Center Japan will develop personalized cancer treatments for patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma, a cancer that occurs more frequently in Asia. And our partnership with the Jean Perrin Center at the Clermont-Ferrand University Hospital in France will assess the clinical value of CGP in patients with late-stage disease compared to the current standard of care. 
Also in oncology, GRAIL continues to see strong momentum. GRAIL launched the Galleri test last year as the first clinically validated, multi-cancer early detection test to be available to patients and providers. Galleri can detect more than 50 types of cancer, most of which have no current screening. It's great to see the initial market reception with multiple large employers and payers adopting Galleri and more than 1,500 prescribing partners, including participation from leading health systems like the NHS, the Mayo Clinic and the Cleveland Clinic. The team continues to collaborate with pharmaceutical partners like AstraZeneca, Amgen and Bristol Myers Squibb on potential new innovations in the post diagnostic space. 
Finally, the recent initiatives launched in the U.S. and EU to beat cancer are very encouraging. The U.S. Cancer Moonshot national initiative and Europe Beating Cancer Plan highlight the increasing recognition of early detection as a critical component in the fight against cancer. Illumina is deeply committed to supporting all early detection, oncology testing and treatment initiatives to improve care and save lives. 
Beyond oncology, reproductive health also had a strong year in 2021. This was driven in part by revised American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, or ACOG, guidelines enabling genetic testing coverage for all U.S. pregnancies as well as increasing adoption of our VeriSeq NIPT v2 product globally. 
Our third clinical market, genetic disease testing, saw tremendous growth and additional evidence generation in 2021, with significant publications in both the New England Journal of Medicine and JAMA Pediatrics affirming the clinical utility of whole genome sequencing, or WGS, for critically ill children. In 2022, we're already seeing an increase in coverage with California, Oregon and Maryland Medicaid initiating coverage for WGS in the NICU setting. 
Expansion of programs for WGS in NICU settings are also occurring globally, including our recent project with Germany's Hannover Medical School to implement the use of WGS in NICU patients. This program contributes to a growing body of evidence from other countries, including the United Kingdom and Australia, as well as in states across the U.S., showing that WGS offers significant benefits for diagnosis of genetic disease in critically ill infants, along with cost efficiencies for health systems. 
Turning to our research and applied markets. Consumables grew 43% in 2021 driven by projects like All of Us, along with ongoing COVID surveillance efforts, that contributed approximately $220 million in total revenue. 
I'd now like to spend a few minutes on 3 key trends that will drive long-term growth. First is the continued deepening and expansion of Illumina's addressable markets. We're seeing further penetration of our existing markets through increased access and adoption. The use of sequencing is proliferating globally across applications, and new initiatives continue to integrate genomics into national health care systems. Our technology and genomics expertise are enabling programs like Our Future Health, the U.K.'s largest-ever health research program that will deliver genetic analysis of DNA samples from up to 5 million volunteers. This data will be used for a variety of potential discoveries, including new signals to detect diseases earlier, new ways to better predict high-risk population for diseases and new personalized therapies or tools to delay diseases or change the course of their progression. We're excited to play a role in this project as the genotyping partner for the program. 
We also continue to support a growing global COVID surveillance network that will extend to broader pan-pathogens and genomic epidemiology work. This infrastructure is already being used to study other infectious diseases. For example, in South Africa, Dr. Tulio de Oliveira's team at CERI, the Centre for Epidemic Response and Innovation, is using their fleet of sequencers to study other communicable diseases like HIV and malaria. We expect additional opportunities for epidemiology applications in the future as global funding for pathogen surveillance and research expand. 
Our new sequencing applications and opportunities are growing and evolving rapidly, including in multiple nascent spaces like multi-omics and drug development. We're supporting the spectrum of multi-omic applications across our instruments, including proteomics, where our codevelopment partnership with SomaLogic is off to a strong start. We're also catalyzing growth in drug discovery where genomic-based methods can dramatically improve speed to market, success rates and costs. 
In addition to our partnership with Nashville Biosciences, we're collaborating with the Montreal Neurological Institute Hospital, Takeda and Roche to enable large-scale analysis of patient data and identify promising targets for drug development in neurological diseases. Programs like Our Future Health, growing applications and increasing global access will support long-term adoption of NGS. The new markets we're opening like drug discovery will further enable adoption while also improving data equity and the integration of genomics into health care. We're experiencing this increasing demand for genomics as we enter 2022 with our instrument backlog almost twice the size it was entering 2021. 
A second trend is the multifaceted growth in our customer base. Our existing customers are growing their instrument fleet. We're also seeing increasing numbers of customers new to Illumina. As a result, our installed base has grown to more than 20,000 instruments at the end of 2021. 
A third trend is the demand for even greater data generation. In 2021, an average Illumina high-throughput customer generated approximately 4x more data than in 2017. This will continue as customers need more complete genomic information and as NGS becomes standard in clinical setting. These shifts will increase the number of projects, number of samples per project and the depth of sequencing per sample as multiple tests are run per patient and as samples are used for reads across high-intensity applications like multi-omics. 
This demand for higher throughput sequencing will, in turn, continue to drive further growth in our sequencing consumables revenue. For 2021, between our consumables and services, more than 80% of our revenue is recurring in nature. This more predictable and profitable revenue stream provides a tremendous base to invest into the business and drive future growth. 
Illumina's 2021 performance and significant momentum entering 2022 demonstrate our strong position to support our customers and partners as these trends accelerate genomics in health care. 
I'll now turn the call over to Sam to highlight additional details on our results and operations as well as discuss our guidance for 2022. Sam?

Thanks, Sam. To close, I'd like to thank our teams, our network of partners and the extraordinary scientists and clinicians we serve. I am incredibly excited for the many opportunities ahead. 
Today, more than 1 billion people are covered for genomic testing globally, and we expect this number to double within 5 years as genomics accelerates the adoption and potential of personalized medicine. Illumina will continue to support the growing number of patients around the world, accessing the life-saving benefits of genomics from oncology therapy selection, to reproductive health, genetic disease testing and pathogen surveillance. We will also continue to push genomics to new frontiers like drug development and proteomics. 
Additionally, we will enable discovery across these existing and new markets with a pipeline of innovative products and solutions developed in collaboration with our customers. It has been fantastic to see the strong interest and excitement across our customer base for our latest developments, including our breakthrough Chemistry X and our Infinity long-read technology. We expect to not only directly address unmet market needs but also revolutionize what scientists and clinicians can expect from sequencing. Together, we're enabling genomic-based discoveries that can transform health care and ultimately provide a brighter future for human health. 
I'll now invite the operator to open for Q&A.

Yes. Thanks, Dan. And it has been fantastic, as I said, to see the reaction of our customers to both Chemistry X and the data we've provided so far on Infinity. So let me go through each of them a little bit. With Chemistry X, we've been keeping all of you in the loop over the years as we moved from the research phase then into product development and shared some of the early data maybe just over a year ago. And then as I said a couple of weeks ago, we're now moving Chemistry X from product development into manufacturing with the whole new manufacturing facility and sort of scaling up production. So it's been terrific to see the progress and the innovations that are in Chemistry X. As I said, this is a from-the-ground-up rethink of our chemistry, probably the single biggest advance in our chemistry since Solexa was created all those years ago. 
What this means for our customers and in terms of the industry is we can expect a step change in terms of the speed of the chemistry, and that will translate into much faster turnaround times for the tests that our customers are running. And that's especially relevant for not just very large-scale research projects but especially relevant in clinical settings where you do want to get some of those results to patients more quickly. It means higher accuracy. And all of that combines to also enable a really exciting road map in terms of price per G. And we've talked about the fact that we continue to be committed to really driving down the cost of sequencing, to make it more accessible. And Chemistry X is a fundamental part of that. And so we're now entering manufacturing, and we're closer to bringing that out into products than we've ever been. 
I've talked about the fact that this is going to be foundational to all new products coming out. And there's no reason, as we look at our existing portfolio, why it may not make sense in some parts of our portfolio to have it in there as well. In terms of Infinity, the excitement there is because we've sort of rethought how people think about long reads and short reads and, again, went back to first principles to say what customers don't want is they don't want 2 different platforms: 1 for short read and 1 for long read. And what they're telling us is they want to take some of the best elements of what we've got in SBS, high accuracy, low cost, low input requirements and apply that to all reads. 
And so when we looked at how we would rethink long reads, we brought some of the best of those elements and to say low input requirements, lower cost, maintain high accuracy. And they also want it to be a single molecule approach. They didn't want it to be a composite of multiple molecules. And so the team has done a fantastic job innovating to deliver that in terms of our Infinity technology. You've seen some data from some of our customers. We've talked about the fact that we're bringing it to market later this year, and you'll continue to see more data and more information from us.

Yes. So let's talk about Chemistry X and what that means in terms of our customers and how do we avoid, as you said, freezing the market potentially. One of the exciting things we hear from our customers about being with Illumina is that you're part of this exciting road map, and that you're not only getting access to what we provide today but you know that we are going to continue to innovate and bring new products out. And so for our customers, it's been exciting to watch this journey of Chemistry X developed, and we've been, I think, good about sharing the data through this whole process. So they know what's coming. They can get a sense for what it can mean for them. 
We don't have a new product announced, so there's nothing to freeze the market for. And our customers also know that they've done this with us several times that whenever we introduce a new product, we do have programs in place that involve trade-ins or, if you've already placed an order and it's in our backlog, you can switch that if you wanted the new instrument. And so over the years, we've developed a number of pretty robust programs around enabling a seamless upgrade for our customers. 
Now also, the other thing we've learned is, especially in the clinical markets, that when a new instrument comes out, typically, some of our customers will buy one of the new instruments, for example, and use that to develop their new workflows, to get familiar with the new instruments and then plan an upgrade over a multiyear period. And so that could still play out that as we introduce a new instrument in the future, they may buy 1 to sort of get comfortable with it and then use that to plan and upgrade over a multiyear period. 
And then in terms of GRAIL, the momentum we're seeing with GRAIL has been terrific to watch. They are seeing traction, as we said, with employers. And what's been interesting there is we expected traction with financial services companies, with tech companies, some other companies that traditionally are more forward-leaning in terms of using benefits as a way to attract talent. What we are really excited about is that we're seeing customers across industries. We've seen, as we said, large logistics players and transport players that have signed up to offer this benefit to their employees. And so that's been exciting to see. 
We're also really pleased with the number of prescribing providers that have now got experience with the Galleri tests. So we said there are over 1,500 prescribing providers that ordered the test in 2021 last year going into this year. And so that's a great base of health care professionals that have some experience now with Galleri and should be more comfortable ordering it going forward. In terms of the guidance, most of the guide for GRAIL this year is Galleri. There is a component of it associated with MRD, but it is a smaller percentage. Now as we look at that number, that could be a potential area for upside, and we'll keep watching the traction they are making in that space.

Yes. So let me start with Chemistry X. It gives us a big step forward in terms of delivering price reductions, in terms of sequencing for our customers. But ultimately, the specific number will depend on the type of instrument we build it into as well as the other components of the technology ecosystem that we build into that instrument, the data paths, the optics and so on. And so stay tuned as we get more specific. We will share that with you.

Great. Thanks, Derik. So let's take both. This new chemistry can be applied across the throughput spectrum. So all options at this point are on the table. There are options, like you said, where we could create an instrument that targets and catalyzes a segment of the market. So as you're alluding to, HiSeq X was extraordinarily successful at opening up the whole genome sequencing market that before HiSeq X enabled a $1,000 price point, a very small part of the market was whole genomes. And after HiSeq X, you've seen just an explosion in terms of the number of customers that could do whole genome sequencing and that did, in fact, do whole genome sequencing. 
And so one of the options on the table that Chemistry X would allow us to do is, again, look for opportunities like that to catalyze certain segments of the market. I mean you could imagine lots of parts of the markets that could be catalyzed. So for example, hypothetically, you could look at the single cell market. And we hear from lots and lots of customers that they would love, love to be able to do much, much, much larger experiments with using single cells. And so something like Chemistry X could enable that part of the market. We also hear from our customers that they would love to run much, much larger experiments, targeting, understanding the genomic drivers of neurological conditions, like autism and Alzheimer's and Parkinson's. And so you can imagine that this could enable some of those kinds of experiments. 
And so again, it depends on where we decide to use this chemistry, but the benefits it provides in terms of lower cost -- but also a faster turnaround time because one of the other things you could get with this chemistry is you could see scenarios where you can have certain tests being returned to customers within a single shift, and that would be fundamentally enabling to some clinical applications. So even the price was the same, just the ability to turn results around in a single 8-hour shift would open up potentially some segments of the market. 
From our customer in terms of the price perspective, there are some parts of the clinical market where, because we provide end-to-end solutions, we're already at the stage where the customers buy the product and it's priced in terms of a per report or a per sample fee. And those markets like NIPT, for example, or genetic disease diagnosis are already enabled at the price point they are. And so it's not necessary that the per sample price needs to change because reimbursement is already in place, allowing our lab customers to have a profitable business in those areas. But there are other clinical markets where the lower price point will be fundamentally enabling. And so that's sort of how we're thinking about the options in front of us with Chemistry X.

We can.

All right. So let me take both. The first question is around entrance in the low- to mid-throughput market and how we expect that to play out. Let me jump there first. I'll say, obviously, we have terrific products in that part of the market. And we just, in the last couple of years, launched the NextSeq 1000, 2000 that are squarely targeted that space. And we think they are especially well suited for the clinical markets because you have, from a clear perspective, the MiSeq Dx, the NextSeq Dx, that are workhorses already in the clinical market. And then you have the terrific price performance that you get out of the NextSeq 1000, 2000. Those instruments, actually 1000, 2000, represent the most powerful mid-throughput products on the market, even including some of the entrants that are coming in. And I think that will continue to provide very compelling value to our customers going forward. 
The other interesting dynamic, though, that we're seeing playing out in the market is more and more of the new customers coming in are coming in at higher ends of the portfolio than we've seen historically. And so what's playing out in the market is that the applications that are emerging for sequencing are more data intensive and sequencing intensive. They are high-intensity applications that are just demanding more sequencing and more performance power. And so what that means is, I think, and we saw this play out in the computer with the PC market, we saw this play out with iPhones, that the devices just need to be more and more powerful. In fact, somebody was telling me that NovaSeq is the new MiSeq. And I think that's sort of the ethos we're seeing in the market that there is this insatiable demand for more power. And what we consider today, if you're targeting what's the low- and mid-throughput today, you better show up with a lot of power because today, the future low and mid will look a lot more like today's high-throughput market. 
In terms of GRAIL and the Cancer Moonshot, it's obviously great to have an increased national focus on cancer and bending the mortality curve for cancer. So that's terrific to see. It's especially exciting to see a recognition that early detection of cancer, and specifically, early detection of multiple cancer simultaneously, a simple test, are an important thrust in terms of this fight against cancer. And so just the attention being put on this space, I think, is great to see. We're going to watch to see how that plays out in terms of additional funding or accelerated regulatory review or reimbursement. But we feel it's all very helpful in terms of accelerating that market. It's obviously especially helpful for GRAIL because GRAIL is the only product in the market today that can detect 50 cancers and identify tissue of origin. So that's obviously really exciting from a GRAIL perspective.

Yes. So the ultimate performance characteristics will be announced as the product gets launched, of course. But given the approach that GRAIL is taking, here are some of the things that we know already and some of the things that you can watch for. One is because it's leveraging the same underlying technology as the Galleri test, this is a test that will be able to detect the recurrence of multiple types of cancer, not just a single cancer. And so that's really helpful because sometimes the cancer that emerges may not be the exact same cancer as the patient had before. And so GRAIL's approach will be able to detect that. 
Also, because you are not depending on a tissue biopsy first to create the test for a patient, you should also be able to get the test into the patient's hands much faster than you would with approach that required a tissue biopsy. So another key metric to watch, which is very, very important for some patients, is how quickly a patient can get that test and have it ready for the patient. So the GRAIL approach is just, conceptually, is much faster from that perspective. And so that's another key metric to watch for. 
And then in terms of the performance of the Galleri test, in terms of sensitivity and specificity for early detection, it's really strong. It has an extraordinarily low false-positive rate. And since the MRD test is going to be leveraging the same technology, that's something to watch for, too, that they're bringing a lot of expertise around delivering the screening test with high positive predictive value into the MRD market.

Yes. So let me take, Puneet, your questions in order. First, Chemistry X. Is it specific to an application? Or does it work across all applications? So the answer is it works across all applications. This is a chemistry that is not tied to a specific application. So you will get the benefits of this chemistry across any application you run on a sequencer that uses this chemistry. It absolutely is a big step forward in terms of price reduction. And so depending on the form factor, depending on the instrument we put out, it will be able to deliver a lower cost in that part of the market. And so again, it's one component. As you know, chemistry is one part of it, but it's a part that's going to give us a big step forward whatever form factor we choose to release this chemistry and whatever the instrument type. 
In terms of Infinity, it is SBS. And one of the things we've heard loudly from customers is that they want a single platform that can scale up and down read lengths. What they don't want in their labs is multiple different technologies that have multiple different upfront workflows, that requires them to train text differently, that have multiple input DNA requirements. And so big, big requirement in this market is going to be you have a single chemistry, a single sort of platform that scales up and down, and that's what Infinity delivers. It's on SBS. And so it gives you all the things that you already know and are familiar with, with SBS. And so for our 8,000 customers and our 20,000 instruments in the field, that's really great news. In terms of the 10-kb, it's absolutely not at the lower end, to be honest. It's exactly where some of the other long-read players are in the market. Now there are some that can go bigger than that, but that's not where the majority of the market is.

Let me take the first question. What I've said is we will be using Chemistry X for all new platforms going forward. But to your point, there's no technical reason why selectively we couldn't bring Chemistry X to parts of the current portfolio. We don't have plans that we've announced around that at all, but technically speaking, that it's absolutely backwards compatible for some parts of our portfolio. And then the GRAIL...

Yes. So I'll take the first question, which is around timing of the various regulatory processes underway. So first, in terms of our Phase II review with the European Commission, we are currently in the phase where we are in discussions around potential remedies that could work for this deal. And so the pause we're in right now gives both of us, both sides, time to sort of work through that and discuss potential remedies together. And so what that means is it pushes the time line out a little bit. Initially, the time line was that we expected to get to a decision by the end of March. It's now looking like that decision is a Q2 decision. 
There's separately another process, as you know, going on in Europe around a case in Luxembourg looking at the jurisdictional issues associated here. And that's a decision that's also likely in sort of the Q2-ish time frame. And so we'll be watching for that. The hearing happened in Q4, and we're waiting for a decision in that time frame. That's the time frame associated with the processes in Europe. If either of them go our way, we're done to the European part of the process and we can start integrating. If the review doesn't go our way, there's still an appeal process that we could look at after that decision happen.

Yes. So I'll start. We have continued to see the percentage of our business targeting the clinical continue to grow. So if you look at our overall sequencing consumable revenue, you've seen that sort of steadily grow from the late 40s towards the mid-40s now, and that's continuing to grow. And if you look at how last year played out, we continue to see the clinical segments grow faster than the research segment. And so those lines are steadily going in one direction only. In fact, last year, the largest single segment that we target became oncology testing. It's a clinical segment. And that's likely to continue to be our largest segment for a long time. So that's overtaken genetic disease research which, for a very long time, as you know, was our largest segment. And so we don't have a specific time frame around when it crosses 50%, but it's definitely heading in that direction.