Thank you, Salli. Good afternoon, everyone. Illumina delivered revenues of $1.16 billion in the second quarter, up 3% year-over-year or 5% on a constant currency basis. While sequencing activity across our markets was robust in the second quarter, with sequencing runs on our connected high- and mid-throughput platforms growing more than 15% year-over-year and clinical growing even faster, our second quarter results were impacted by macroeconomic challenges that we expect to play out over the next couple of quarters. 
Specifically, some customers experienced supply chain pressures that delayed their lab expansions, and others managed inventory and capital more conservatively. We also saw adverse effects of foreign exchange and anticipated COVID-related shutdowns in China. The robust sequencing activity levels underlying growth of our target markets and our conversations with customers across the globe indicate these dynamics are temporary. During the quarter, we also made terrific progress on our innovation road map and are poised to soon deliver the next generation of breakthrough technologies that will fuel the next era of genomics. 
Turning now to performance across our platforms. In high throughput, NovaSeq shipments in Q2 grew 23% year-over-year, our highest second quarter ever. Consistent with prior quarters, clinical customers, primarily in oncology testing, drove half of our NovaSeq shipments. In mid-throughput, NextSeq 1000/2000 orders were up 20% year-over-year. Despite some shipments shifting from Q2 to Q3 due to supply delays, Q2 NextSeq 1000/2000 shipments increased slightly year-over-year. Low throughput shipments were relatively flat year-over-year, even with the comparison to last year's COVID surveillance-driven volume. 
Turning to our markets. We continue to gain traction in clinical with sequencing consumable shipments for the second quarter up 11% year-over-year and all of our clinical markets contributing to the increase. As I mentioned earlier, we have seen continued growth in our oncology markets. In Q2, oncology consumables grew almost 20% year-over-year. 
An area of note is our market-leading TruSight Oncology assay. Shipments of TSO grew 45% year-over-year, and we now have delivered distributed comprehensive genomic profiling tests to every major market in the world. We have worked closely with large evidence programs to facilitate clinical utility and drive market access, and we have more than 10 pharma partners developing CDx claims with us. Most recently, we expanded our portfolio by codeveloping a new TSO 500 HRD test with Merck that leverages Illumina's work with Myriad Genetics. We also codeveloped a pan-cancer companion diagnostic for TSO Comprehensive (EU) with Bayer. 
Also in oncology, June marks the 1-year anniversary of GRAIL's launch of Galleri. In that time, Galleri delivered the fastest ever first year revenue ramp of a cancer screening test. GRAIL continues to drive progress in clinical evidence generation and commercial use of their multi-cancer early detection test, Galleri. The number of U.S. health systems partnering with GRAIL to offer Galleri continues to grow, most recently with the addition of Mercy, one of the 25 largest U.S. health systems, and Ochsner Health, the largest Gulf South health system. 
Also, GRAIL recently partnered with AstraZeneca to develop companion diagnostic tests that will identify patients with high-risk early-stage disease. AstraZeneca will use GRAIL technology to recruit patients with early-stage cancer for AstraZeneca's clinical studies, making cancer medicines available where there is greater potential to transform outcomes. 
More broadly, the trials currently underway for Galleri continue to progress. The NHS-Galleri trial in the U.K., the largest multi-cancer early detection study, has enrolled 140,000 volunteers in just over 10 months, an unprecedented speed, especially for a trial of this size. Pending successful completion of the trial, the NHS plans to roll out Galleri to an additional 1 million people starting in 2024. This collaboration supports the NHS' long-term plan to transform cancer care with 3 and 4 cancers diagnosed at an early stage by 2028. Additionally, GRAIL has completed a final analysis of its PATHFINDER study with data to be presented at the European Society of Medical Oncology Congress September 9 through 13. 
GRAIL has made substantial progress building a network of partners that will support ongoing adoption of Galleri, but commercial progress is proceeding at a more measured pace as health systems ramp up. For these reasons, GRAIL has revised its revenue guidance for the full year 2022 to a range of $50 million to $70 million. 
Turning to infectious disease and microbiology. The genomic surveillance infrastructure built on Illumina instruments during the pandemic in more than 100 countries is now being used for other diseases like monkeypox. This network is enabling a quicker genetic assessment of this new disease as momentum continues to build for a robust global pathogen infrastructure. We're expanding our surveillance portfolio accordingly. In June, we provided select customers access to our novel viral surveillance panel based on workflows implemented for COVID-19. The panel provides targeted sequencing for the 66 most critical viruses of global public health concern, including monkeypox and polio, and will be commercially available later this year. 
Our research and applied markets were relatively flat year-over-year with growth in the Americas and APJ offset by declines in EMEA and China. In the quarter, we announced our partnership with Precision Health Research, Singapore or PRECISE to sequence whole genomes of 100,000 Singaporean participants. Together, we will develop Southeast Asia's most comprehensive population study and gather deep insights into Asian genomic diversity and key genetic, social, environmental and other factors associated with disease. 
Before I update you on further advances in our innovation road map, I'll turn the call over to Joydeep.

Thanks, Joydeep. Turning to our innovation road map. We have significant opportunities to reimagine the power and potential of genomics. 
Development and registration activities for NovaSeqDx, the first-ever high-throughput clinical sequencer, are progressing as planned and on track for a Q4 launch. We continue to get good feedback from initial customers on our Infinity long-read technology with many saying it has the potential to replace on-market long reads for a broad range of applications, including human rare diseases. Infinity is on track to be available later this year for early access customers. In multiomics, our partnership with SomaLogic to accelerate NGS into proteomics is progressing, and we expect to deliver our ultra-high throughput, ultra-high plexity assay in 2024. 
Turning now to Chemistry X, our next-generation breakthrough SBS chemistry. We've made fantastic progress over the last quarter. We're now producing flow cells using our new manufacturing process based on 300-millimeter wafers. We successfully tested Chemistry X on the new flow cells, and the results exceed our expectations for quality, cost and speed. We're excited to showcase these breakthroughs and reveal how they come to life at the Illumina Genomics Forum. And we look forward to hosting you at our Investor Day on October 3, where we will discuss these technologies and our long-term growth strategies. If you haven't already registered, please be sure to do so soon. 
I'll now invite the operator to open the line for Q&A.

Derik, so in terms of the lab expansion, what we saw happen in Q2 was a few of our customers that had plans to launch new labs or expanded labs experienced some delays on their own because of their own supply chain issues. Equipment that they were expecting to get for those expanded labs didn't come in as they expected. And so we saw a few lab expansion plans delayed, some into Q2, into Q3 and then one into Q4 of next year. As you can imagine, we are very close to our customers, so we know the specifics of those lab expansions. And to be clear, those lab expansions are delayed but still progressing. And so that's what's driving the number we talked about, both in Q2 and for the rest of the year. 
In terms of inventory, what's playing out is some of our customers that are looking to manage their capital more closely are holding less inventory on their site. They have a lot of confidence in the resilience of our supply chain. And so they're looking to trim back the inventory levels that they hold on their own site. And so from our perspective, we expect that to play out. It started to play out in Q2. It will play out a little bit in 3 and 4 as well. But in the end, their demand, their activity levels are going to match what we are seeing from the data that we get from monitoring their instruments. And there, the activity and, therefore, demand continues to be very robust. As we said in Q2, the activity levels that we are monitoring on the high- and mid-throughput instruments reflected a growth rate in runs that are greater than 15%. And so as we work through these transitory impacts, we fully expect both demand and therefore orders to more closely match the activity levels that we're seeing.

Yes. Thanks for that question, Dan. And maybe I'll start with the second half, and then I'll turn it over to Joydeep to sort of size the magnitude of the factors that we talked about. 
From what we are seeing and what we're hearing from our customers, the challenges that our customers are addressing are around their lab expansion delays, as I said, related to dealing with their own supply chain for the expansion of their labs and again, tighter management of their inventory levels. And that really were some of the big drivers of the change in addition to a little bit of foreign exchange and so on. 
And so what they're telling us is this isn't really related to Chemistry X or any competitive issues. In fact, they're excited to hear about Chemistry X, and they're looking forward to learning more about it at the Illumina Genomics Forum. But really, what's driving the change are the factors that we talked about. And maybe I'll turn it over to you, Joydeep, to shed some more color on the size of that.

Yes. So let me take both parts of the question, Dan. So let me start by addressing the consumables and demand point. You're right. We end up -- because we serve clinical customers, a lot of our customers continue to see robust demand. They're targeting, for example, cancer patients that need their tissues biopsied and then sequenced or ctDNA tests. And that is reflected in the activity levels that we saw in Q2. That even as customers were looking to manage their inventories more tightly, they continued to run their machines hard, right? 
So we said, overall, if you look at the run activity on the mid- and high-throughput instruments that we monitor, across our customer base that we monitor, the runs grew 15% year-over-year. But in the clinical markets, that was actually higher for exactly the reasons you talked about that our customers in the clinical markets, especially in areas like oncology, therapy selection testing, which represents for us the largest segment that we serve, that they continued to see robust demand. And that was reflected in their activity levels.
Now as we said, our customers are looking to manage their cash more conservatively. So they trimmed back the amount of inventory that they're holding on their sites, and they can do that as a onetime sort of rebalancing down. But ultimately, their ordering levels will match the activity levels that they have on their instruments. And so that's why we expect this impact to play out a little bit in Q2, a little bit in the coming quarters. But then order rates will match, we believe, the actual activity that we're seeing on their machines. 
Let me talk a little bit about the Sam point. So when Sam left, we -- as we said, he left because of personal reasons, and he needed to be on the East Coast. And that's what we said when he left, obviously. From our perspective, our quarters tend to be more back-end loaded. And so the impact that I talked about became more clear at the end of the quarter. And so hence, there was no color or commentary at the time when Sam left.

Sure, Tejas. So in terms of helping our customers as they're working through the macro challenges, obviously, we remain close to them. The reality is we are core to their business and their revenue generation, and we are a very important supplier to these customers. And so while we can help them in the sense that because of the strength and the resilience of our supply chain, they're more confident in maintaining less inventory on site that obviously helps them with cash outlays, the reality is they need to continue to service the demand they're getting because that's what drives their revenues and their growth and their long-term success. And so we are not seeing a pullback in terms of activity levels from those customers, again, because we are core to their revenue generation and their success. And we'll stay -- we're staying close to them. We're also very staying close to the lab expansion plans and making sure we're on top of when they expect to get equipment for the labs as they come online. 
In terms of pricing from our perspective, our thesis continues to believe that there is a huge opportunity to expand the genomics market by continuing to drive the price for high-quality sequencing, highly accurate sequencing down. That thesis continues to hold certainly in the research markets but also in terms of opening up new clinical markets. We're seeing promising work, for example, happening in areas like cardiovascular disease and neurological disease. And those will require both very large experiments from a research perspective but also maybe different price points from a clinical perspective. And so we continue to march forward with the idea that part of our mission is to make genomics more accessible by driving costs down. 
In terms of Chemistry X and the instruments, the way we are thinking about it is there certainly -- we're certainly capable from a technology perspective of making Chemistry X available on instruments that are already on the market. So that is a lever available to us. And as we look at the market, we want to be sensitive to the fact that if customers have bought an instrument that we launched fairly recently, that they may not have gone through their depreciation cycle. And so we'll think more about making Chemistry X available on those kinds of platforms. 
But if it's been an instrument that's been on the market for a while and they've gone through a depreciation cycle, then there is an opportunity for us to help that market upgrade and not just take advantages of the innovations in Chemistry X, but take advantage of the innovations across all the other technology components, whether it's optics, for example, of data pads and really deliver transformative new instruments. And that's how we're thinking about it.

Yes. So let's take both. In terms of the labs, and I think you're asking about the labs that are delaying their expansion plans, who are they? And you're saying, look, some of the other life science tools companies haven't seen that. So I'll describe them a little bit for you. 
First of all, it's a few customers. Second, they're obviously genomics-focused customers. They run genomics labs. And so you may not see that in the general life sciences tools market, but they -- you're certainly seeing that in the sequencing market. They tend to be customers that are growing. These are the ones that have expansion plans. So they are successful customers. They're experiencing robust growth. And in fact, they're serving markets like oncology, for example, where they see significant increased demand coming and are expecting to -- and are building significant labs. And so these are large customers. They are growing customers, and they are customers that are facing significantly increased demand and are looking to expand their labs. 
Now their genomics labs, and they are primarily -- they're pretty much Illumina customers. And so obviously, we are the ones that ride that cycle with them. And that's why you'd see it with us. And that's why you'll see it as those labs come online. That's why you'll see the benefit accrue to Illumina. So that's the characteristics of the customers that we're talking about. 
In terms of GRAIL, it really has been just quite remarkable to see the fantastic growth they've had in their first year. If you look at their first 12 months, so June of -- in this June, they just lapsed their first 12 months, they are the fastest revenue growth of any cancer screening test in history. Now that's quite remarkable, right? They're also doing a fantastic job in terms of signing up health systems and employers, and I'll give you another example of just how fast things are moving. 
So in the last quarter, they fully recruited the 140,000-person trial that they're running for the NHS. Now typically, a trial like that would take years to fully enroll. And the NHS working with GRAIL was able to do that in 10.5 months. That gives you some sense of just the acceptance, the hunger in the market, the demand in the market for just such a breakthrough test, right, the fact that it can identify 50 cancers across all stages. And people are starting to get a sense of the results that they are making it into the market.
Now what we're looking at -- now even with that to our growth base is we're looking at the rest of the year, and we're looking at the ramp-up that's happening in some of the health systems that have signed up and some of the employers, the GRAIL team has trimmed back some of their estimates for the rest of the year. That doesn't take away, again, this is the fastest-growing cancer screening test we've ever seen in history.

Yes. Sure, Patrick. So obviously, with the revised revenue outlook for the year, we are taking a look at our spend and exactly as you said, doing that balance. On the one hand, we're looking for areas where we can contain costs. That means pulling back on discretionary items, for example, like travel and other discretionary spend. And we're also prioritizing the hiring that we're doing. And so there are some hires that we will put off because we don't think it's essential to do right now. So the team is absolutely doing that work. 
Having said that, we're also protecting our innovation road map as well as essential hires in the other parts of the company as we scale the business. We have very ambitious product plans, as you know, and we're going to continue to protect that road map because that's what drives the success of our customers and our long-term success. And that's what creates the long-term shareholder value in the company. So that's the balance we're doing. We're protecting the innovation road maps. We're protecting activities that drive that long-term shareholder growth, including things like capacity expansions, IVD capabilities, commercial expansions in targeted markets and sort of maintaining that balance.

Yes. So thank you, Vijay. Let me start with the first part of the question, which is Q3 guidance, sort of what's driving that number. And so I'll talk about some of the factors that are driving that number. If you -- and if you normalize the impacts that I'm talking about, the growth is higher, and I'll come back to that as well. 
So some of the factors that are driving it are the headwinds that I talked about. There is a headwind around COVID surveillance demand pulling back. That's playing out in Q3 as well. There's obviously a foreign exchange headwind and the tough compare with the UK Biobank that concludes in Q3. So that's another factor playing out in Q3. We also expect the continued slower GDP growth in -- China growth, and that will play on us. And then the 2 factors that I talked about, sort of inventory management and the lab expansions, right? So those are some of the factors that we factored in, in giving the guide for Q3. And obviously, if you normalize for those factors, then you're looking at a significantly higher growth rate in Q3.

Yes. So I'll start by saying that our focus is going to be continually to focus on and think about the things that create the most long-term shareholder value. And as we embarked on this process, as you said, we clearly felt that combining GRAIL and Illumina creates the most long-term shareholder value. 
I'll give you an example, right? So even on their own largely, the GRAIL team was able to achieve the fastest 12-month ramp of any cancer screening test in history, as we've said. And I imagine what that could have been with the power of Illumina behind it. And if we think forward, what could we do if we were able to take that test into markets like Europe and Asia and Africa beyond the plans that GRAIL could have? And so that's sort of what drove our thinking. 
Having said that, we're going to continually assess as we work through this process, what are the right next steps? And there obviously are a set of nodes on the decision tree that would lead us to either spinning out GRAIL because the regulatory process doesn't go our way or contemplate other forms of exits, whether its dividend in the back or -- and so we're going to continue to assess that as we work through the regulatory process. 
In terms of your question around funding the operations, that's absolutely going to be a consideration as we contemplate the options on how we have to spin GRAIL out, right? So the idea is that what you'd want to do is make sure that you protected the asset value to allow GRAIL to continue to execute on its mission. And so that means making sure that it's capitalized so it can continue to be successful as well as it has access to future capital that it will need for its own expansion plans. And that's going to be a combination of Illumina but other shareholders, too, potentially and other people who will inject capital both maybe at the time of divestiture but then over time as well.
And so those are some of the considerations as we think about what a divestment would look like, how do we -- how would we set it up to be successful. And what's the path for it to continue to be successful? Obviously, those are not decisions that we're making today, but those are some of the considerations that would go into it.