Thank you, Sally. Good afternoon, everyone. Illumina delivered revenue of $1.1 billion in the third quarter, up 1% year-over-year and 3% on a constant currency basis, and in line with our expectations despite deepening macroeconomic challenges. Looking at our Q3 performance across platforms, in high throughput, we shipped 65 NovaSeq 6000 in Q3, down from the prior year, in line with our expectations. We had a fantastic customer response to the NovaSeq X Series launch at the Illumina Genomics Forum, where we reached more than 12,000 viewers in our innovation road map sessions.
Labs are excited by NovaSeq X's industry-leading power, efficiency and cost effectiveness, and they love in their words, it's unexpected and revolutionary sustainability breakthroughs including ambient shipping and a 90% reduction in packaging weight and waste. Customer traction for NovaSeq X is exceeding our expectations. We already have an advanced pipeline of more than 170 instruments in addition to 50 orders that we have already received. 
Our manufacturing scaling is proceeding well, and we expect to ship 40 to 50 NovaSeq X units in Q1 2023 and over 300 units in the year. At the Illumina Genomics Forum, we also launched the NovaSeq 6000 DX, the first-ever FDA registered and CE-marked IVD high-throughput sequencer. We're excited to now provide DX offerings across the throughput spectrum. In mid-throughput, we saw record NextSeq 1000, NextSeq 2000 shipments, which were up 40% year-over-year. This increase was driven by accelerated adoption of multiomics primarily in cancer research and cellular and molecular biology, both by new and existing customers. And as part of our ongoing innovation road map, our launch of XLEAP-SBS chemistry on NextSeq 1000, NextSeq 2000 remains on track for 2024. Finally, low throughput shipments were up 13% year-over-year. These instruments continue to provide a great entry point to sequencing. 
This continued demand for our sequencing platforms across the throughput spectrum will contribute to a larger installed base and drive future consumables revenue. We're also receiving positive feedback from early access customers of Illumina complete long reads and complete long reads with enrichment and are expanding to additional customer sites. Customer appreciate Illumina's unique ability to deliver a high-quality, cost-effective and complete view of the genome on a single platform, enhancing utility across our installed base.
Shifting to our market segments. Clinical sequencing consumable shipments were up 5% year-over-year, driven by continued growth in oncology testing and genetic disease testing. Sequencing run activity by our clinical customers remains robust. As expected, though, lab expansion delays and consumables inventory deleveraging have persisted due to broader macro dynamics. Oncology testing consumables grew 9% year-over-year as our larger customers continue to shift towards high-throughput applications, our decentralized clinical testing customers ramped up business and new customers came online. 
Our market-leading TruSight Oncology assay, TSO 500, grew 17% year-over-year as large customers took advantage of the assays utility, reimbursement and proficiency. TSO 500 adoption continues to grow, with total accounts approaching $500 million. Also in oncology, GRAIL continued to make good progress in Q3, delivering clinical results and signing up a broad range of customers across the health care ecosystem, including health systems and life insurance providers. GRAIL announced a first-of-its-kind partnership with Karim Health, the first digital health company, connecting employers and employees to centers of excellence through a value-based care platform. The partnership provides Galleri as part of Karim's oncology offering to self-insured employers. 
Also, John Hancock, the U.S. division of Manulife with over 1.5 million life insurance participants recently became the first life insurance carrier to offer Galleri. The GRAIL team expanded its clinical sales force in Q3 and has seen test orders increase. Evidence for Galleri's efficacy also continues to grow. In September at ESMO, GRAIL presented compelling final results from its PATHFINDER study. The study demonstrated that when added to standard of care screening, Galleri multi-cancer early detection testing more than doubled the number of cancers detected compared to standard screening alone. .
In fact, Galleri detected more cancers than all U.S. Preventative Services Task Force recommended single cancer screenings combined. And Galleri's positive predictive value of about 40% is significantly higher than commonly used screening tests like the annual screen for colorectal cancer, which has a PPV of 8.7%, or the biennial mammography screen with a PPV of 4.4%. 
Galleri is the only multi-cancer detection test available on the market. An analysis of the first 38,154 Galleri commercial test results in a real-world setting shows high concordance with the PATHFINDER study results. In addition, PATHFINDER study participants experienced with the Galleri test has also been positive with 97.1% of participants reporting a high level of satisfaction with the test. 
In genetic disease testing, sequencing consumable shipments grew 11% year-over-year. National health system funding for rare diseases is increasing in multiple geographies, including EMEA and China, and evidence generation continues to grow. For example, in September, Genetics in Medicine published a study from Karolinska Institute, indicating that genome sequencing is a sensitive first-line test for neurodevelopment disorders. We're also seeing customer excitement around the potential for NovaSeq X to create efficiencies for both whole genome and whole exome sequencing. 
Turning to our research and applied markets. Sequencing consumable shipments were down 8% year-over-year as customers continue to manage inventory and capital spend and due to expected headwinds from COVID surveillance and the completion of the UK Biobank project in Q3 2021. We continue to support our customers through these dynamics and at the same time, are making ongoing progress in facilitating genomic-based drug discovery. As this area continues to grow, we will partner with a range of pharmaceutical companies like our recent collaboration with AstraZeneca to help accelerate genomics and find promising drug targets based on omic insights. 
In our infectious disease and microbiology markets, we are broadening genomic opportunities across disease states. For example, we recently announced a partnership with GenoScreen to help countries impacted by tuberculosis to more effectively detect and combat multidrug resistant strains. TB claims more than 1.5 million lives each year, and for the first time in a decade, deaths are on the rise after the pandemic. We hope that with this work, we can help vulnerable populations and make progress towards eliminating TB worldwide. 
Turning now towards the end of 2022 and entering 2023. We expect the macroeconomic challenges we have previously discussed to persist into 2023 and feel that it's prudent to adjust our near-term guidance accordingly. Joydeep will address our revised FY '22 guidance shortly. Despite the near-term challenging macroeconomic environment, we remain confident in our long-term growth trajectory. Customers around the world continue to share their excitement for our latest innovations. We're staying focused on supporting them and advancing our innovation road map to accelerate the genome era.
I'll now turn the call over to Joydeep for more detail on the quarter and our year-end outlook.

Thanks, Joydeep. As Joydeep shared, we will continue to identify opportunities to mitigate the near-term effects of the global economic environment. At the same time, we are prioritizing our innovation road map and remain confident in our long-term growth trajectory. As I shared earlier, we're hearing high praise for the innovations we announced at the Illumina Genomics Forum, from Illumina complete long reads to our most powerful and most sustainable sequencer yet, the NovaSeq X Series. These innovations will continue to evolve the genomics industry, and we look ahead with tremendous optimism over the long term. We will help our customers through the current challenges and seize the potential of the genome era together. 
I'll now invite the operator to open the line for Q&A.

Great. Thanks for the question, Dan. So let me work through those questions. First of all, you're right, we are very, very pleased with the very strong response we've gotten from customers around the NovaSeq X. Frankly, it's been stronger than we expected, and we had high expectations going into the Illumina Genomics Forum. The customers are coming from a sort of broad swath of customer segments. We're seeing more of a mix from clinical in addition to the usual genome centers that you'd expect to be some of the early adopters. And we're seeing a mix both from U.S. customers as well as customers from outside the U.S. So sort of a nice broad brush of early adopter customers, and maybe even a little bit more on the clinical side than we saw when we first launched the NovaSeq 6000 a few years ago. 
As you pointed, the initial orders we've got that you pointed out, 50 orders already in hand, that means that our Q1 shipments are already sold out. So we're really entering the year in a really strong position for NovaSeq X shipments. And move a very healthy pipeline of 170 customers that are down the pipeline already. So when you look at the shipment number for the year, the number that I called out, the 300 units, it's clear that the shipment number is going to be more constrained by supply availability next year than it is for demand. Because as you point out, we're entering the year with a very strong demand book. And the way we think about it is that over the first couple of quarters of the year, you can expect us to have more demand than we can ship just as we continue to ramp up the manufacturing capability for NovaSeq X, and we'll start to service that backlog as we get into the second half of the year.

Yes, sure. Thanks for the question, Vijay. So as I said to the last question, you're right in the sense that the customer reaction to NovaSeq X is certainly even stronger than we anticipated. And we modeled the reaction based on our previous launches, which have been really strong. But if we look at the number of orders we have already, the 50 orders we have; the 170 in the advanced pipeline. If I were to compare it to where we were at a similar time with previous launches, I'd say we are better off than we've been with some of the other previous launches. So certainly in a very strong position going into next year. 
Again, the next year, NovaSeq shipments number is going to be supply constrained. And we ramped up an entirely new manufacturing line because we've redone every component of this instrument, right? So entirely new chemistry, new FFM, new flow cells, new manufacturing process for the flow cells. And so we're really happy with the way that scale-up is happening. So if I compare the number I gave you for the Q1 shipments that would be ahead. So the 40 to 50 shipments we expect in Q1, that would be more shipments than we did in the first quarter when we launched the NovaSeq 6000, so slightly ahead of where we were before. And then the 300 units that we're expecting to ship would be ahead of where we were with the first year of NovaSeq x 6000 as well. So that's how it compares with previous launches. Maybe I'll turn it over now to Joydeep.

Yes, sure. So when we talked about the results last time on the call, we talked about the fact that we'd seen some delays that we're looking to get ramped up later this year and some that were going into next year. And what we found is in both of those cases, ended up being a little later than those customers had expected. And so we're seeing a push out from what was expected to come this quarter being pushed out into next year. And then even the dates for next year opening have been pushed out somewhat too. So the pandemic-related effects around supply chain are definitely persisting and are impacting those lab delays.

Thank you, Puneet. So let me talk about both. I'll start by saying that the answer we gave around the 10% wasn't intended guide for next year. It was intended to just talk about how we were thinking about some of the factors that are at play Q4 going into Q1, and we'll give a specific guide as we get into next year once we've done the bottoms of budget. In terms of the flow cells, I think you're absolutely right.in the sense that the first flow cell, we should 10 billion read flow cells is going to be very meaningful for customers that are looking to get familiar with NovaSeq 6000 that is comparing it to the existing instrument they have because it's very similar in terms of footprint, in terms of output, and we'll probably take on some of the same workloads. And so customers will feel, will feel a sense of familiarity as they move to the X with that flow cell. 
And so you'll see customers that start with that. And then the $25 billion read flow cells is really intended to unlock the next generation of studies, the very large programs that customers have been talking to us about and have been waiting for the price points of the X that are fundamentally enabling to those studies. And so you can think about it as there will be the first flow cell that existing NovaSeq 6000 customers will view is very familiar to them in terms of output and the workloads that it does, and we'll start using it as sort of their entry point into the X series. And then it's the bigger flow cell that unlocks the next wave of elasticity in demand.

Yes. So let me address both parts of your question. One is around the effects we're seeing in Q4 around some of these POPSEQ programs. And then two, about the X being enabling to future POPSEQ programs and how important that will be. In Q4, what we said is that there are some -- a small number of very specific ongoing population sequencing programs that are experiencing some recruiting delays associated with those programs. It's a small handful, and they're experiencing delays in these existing projects. We have no doubt that these projects will continue on and complete and they will get the recruiting they did. But a little bit slower in Q4 than they were expecting to go. 
Now if we think about what X enables, that is the next generation, if you like. So what customers have been talking to us about for a while and then in earnest over the last 5 weeks since we announced the X is the very large projects that they want to do. Where the number of samples are measured are sometimes in the millions. And they're talking about very large exome projects, very large genome projects that, frankly, were just not economically viable until we brought out the X. 
And one of the things we talked about on Investor Day that's relevant here is that our team, in some cases, plays an important role in making those projects. So not only a technology enabler role by putting out a scalable instrument at the price points that make these projects viable -- but in many cases, we are also helpful in bringing together the parties, whether it's pharma companies or biobanks or national health systems. We are responsible for helping to bring to convene those parties together to get those projects off the ground. 
And I can tell you that over the last few weeks, Susan and our commercial team have been very busy in high demand around health systems around the world that are interested in leveraging the power of the X to put together programs to create, for example, cohorts that are vastly more diverse than we have today or much bigger than they are today. And so I think the X will be a very substantial needle mover on that front.

Yes. Let me try to address it and again, as Francis said, we are still in the process of budget. So the 10% wasn't meant as a guide. It's more of a -- from the macroeconomic conditions we see. So I think that maybe 2 parts, David. first, in terms of your question about, are we seeing inventory deleveraging that has it accelerated or decelerated, right? So we were actually quite on point with what we had expected in terms of inventory deleveraging with maybe a very small part of the additional guidance we provided on Q4, actually coming from incremental inventory deleveraging. So that's part one, right? Now in terms of whether things have slowed up -- slowed down rather from what we had communicated at the end of Q2. We did see 2 specific things that we mentioned, which had been slower than we had expected, right, in terms of demand or activity. 
So one of them were the few key customers, a handful of customers that Francis mentioned, that had these large research and PopGen projects that had some issues with recruit, right? So those are things that we expect will cut -- will recover over time. This is not a budget issue. This is not mostly an inflation related -- not an inflation-related issue. The other thing that we did see was inflation and FX related, specifically related to research customers in Europe, right? So there, we did see a slowdown happening. We expect that some of this will continue into next year as some of these headwinds persist. But again, it's not a structural change. It's a temporary change that are caused by very specific macroeconomic factors.

Yes, in terms of the GRAIL number. So the way the quarter played out, the first month of the quarter of July was slow in terms of test ordering. And then the pace really picked up in September, partially driven by the ramp-up in the sales force that GRAIL has brought on board and we talked about that on the Q2 call. And so that's paid off in the last month of last quarter and in the first few weeks of this quarter. And so that's what's driving the shape of the curve. 
In terms of the expectations for the year, they're off to a strong start for Q4 and the midpoint of guide remains the same. And then the other factor that's playing out in Q4 is the revenue they're getting from their pharma partnerships associated with their MRD development.

Yes, great question. So let me take the first one first. So you're absolutely right in the sense that if you are running production clinical workloads today, you are going to continue to run them on the NovaSeq 6000 for a while. And then it will be a -- there'll be a metered transition that will be measured in quarters and years before you move that entire production workload on to the X. So that continues to be what we believe that continues to be the feedback we're getting from our customers. What's really exciting, though, is that clinical customers are talking to us about and their purchases are really about new workloads. And so it's areas that they want to expand into that they're saying instead of starting on the 6,000, they'd like to start that development on the X with an idea then, of course, to ramp it up into production on the X. 
And so that has been more substantial than we expected. So that means that there are a bunch of our large clinical customers that are expanding into new clinical areas. And so it's an exciting development for the field. It's also an exciting development for X as well. In terms of POPSEQ, the -- what we have talked about is that when we are bringing on new POPSEQ deals, new big POPSEQ deals, we'll tend to binary them out of our  guide, if they are big and we're still trying to figure out when they land. And as you know, that's a learning we had in terms of how these deals develop. But once they're in production, they are in the guide, right? And so there, the variability isn't quite as big as whether a big deal will come on or not. 
It may ramp up or down in a quarter and then certainly, we'll call it out for you if that happens or if we see that starting to happen, which is what we're doing for Q4. So that's more -- that's less variability rather than entirely new deal coming on, which again, we'll tend to be more conservative in terms of building that into our guide.

Yes, you're absolutely right. We knew we were launching the X, and we sort of modeled the customer interest based on the previous launches we've done. Frankly, we've been really surprised in a positive way around how much interest there has been from our customers in getting to the X. And again, as I said, we fully expected our clinical customers to be a little bit slower in terms of coming on board for the X. 
And what we're finding is that they're not the reasons we talked about that while they're keeping production workflows on the 6,000, they are excited about using the X for their new applications, which, as Joydeep said, tend to be more sequencing-intensive applications. And so that has been an upside surprise in terms of the enthusiasm for the X, but has a knock-on effect and the people are saying, look, I'm going to hold on the 6,000 in Q4 and wait for the X as it starts to ship in Q1.

Yes. Thanks, Patrick. So we're definitely seeing that continue to play out. We think 2 things play out. One, activity levels in terms of runs on the instruments that they have continue to be robust, and generally in line with the commentary we shared in Q2. At the same time, we are seeing concern around their cash position and our desire to want to manage their inventory levels more conservatively perhaps than they have historically. That's also enabled by the fact that they've seen that our supply has been very consistent and robust and stable even through the pandemic. And we have confidence in saying, look, we can run at a lower inventory level for a while and still maintain the integrity of their operations capability. And so we're definitely seeing that dynamic continue to play.

Yes, sure, Luke. The expectation and the design point is to maintain similar margins with the instruments that use the new XLEAP chemistry as the instruments that they're replacing. So if you look at the X, for example, you should think about it over time as it scales to have a similar margin profile to the NovaSeq 6000, both generally on the instrument side and certainly on the consumable side. And so that's the design criteria we use. 
The idea is to invest in technology that fundamentally lowers the cost to make the product and then pass on those savings to our customers. So maintain the same margins and pass on the savings to our customers associated with the innovations that we're bringing like X, like the new optics, like the new flow cells and so on.