Thank you, Jacquie. Good afternoon, everyone. Illumina had another strong quarter, with record revenue of $853 million, up 20% from the third quarter of 2017. We saw continued momentum across both our sequencing and microarray business, including strong demand for sequencing consumables to support research, translational and clinical applications across a broad range of customers. 
In the third quarter of 2018, sequencing consumable revenue of $467 million grew 23% compared to the third quarter of 2017 and included about $14 million of stocking associated with Chinese customers buying ahead of potential tariffs. Year-over-year revenue growth of $87 million reflected growth across our high-throughput, mid-throughput and low-throughput categories as Illumina continues to uniquely support the broadest range of customer applications and throughput requirements. 
Within the high-throughput family, HiSeq consumables continued their expected and steady decline as customers transition to NovaSeq. While HiSeq still represents the majority of high-throughput consumable revenue today, NovaSeq continues to grow very quickly, with S4 representing the largest revenue contributor across the entire high-throughput family of flow cells. That said, we continue to see a good mix of demand across the NovaSeq portfolio that also includes the lower-output S2 and S1 flow cells. 
Consumables for our mid-throughput sequencing system, NextSeq, continued to perform extremely well, with many customers adopting the system as their primary workhorse for NIPT and oncology applications. As a result, NextSeq pull-through per system was at the high end of the $100,000 to $150,000 per year range. And the low-throughput family also grew well, with pull-through for both MiSeq and MiniSeq within their respective ranges. 
Sequencing consumable revenue also benefited from a modest contribution associated with iSeq in its first full quarter of commercial availability. Finally, library prep also contributed to year-over-year growth, with our Nextera suite of products leading the way. We believe our continued focus on delivering differentiated solutions that simplify customer workflows and improve data quality and costs will drive growth in library prep revenue. 
For example, we launched Nextera Flex in Richmond a few weeks ago, which we believe will set a new standard for fast turnaround time, coverage uniformity and content flexibility for exome sequencing. In total, sequencing consumables represented 55% of revenue in the third quarter, consistent with last quarter and up 2% from the same quarter a year ago. 
Moving to sequencing systems. Revenue of $138 million was up 12% sequentially, with solid performance within the portfolio. As we expected, this was the strongest quarter of the year so far, and in fact, the highest revenue quarter for sequencing systems since the fourth quarter of 2015. Consistent with our expectation for a heavily back-end-loaded year, NovaSeq delivered its highest revenue contribution of the year, with stable ASP trends. Everything we're seeing is consistent with our belief that the NovaSeq upgrade cycle will span multiple years, and we continue to target 330 to 350 NovaSeq shipments for the full year. 
NextSeq shipments grew sequentially and year-over-year with a good mix of existing and new-to-sequencing customers. Within our low-throughput system family, both MiSeq and MiniSeq shipments were up sequentially, with good activity across all our regions and strong adoption by new-to-sequencing customers, who again represented over 50% of shipments in the third quarter. 
iSeq got off to a great start, with demand from both existing and new Illumina customers and shipments ahead of forecast. We're hearing great feedback from customers on how easy the iSeq is to use and how it's increasing productivity of labs that can now afford to in-source lower-throughput projects. 
Sequencing services and other revenue of $109 million was up 36% from the same quarter a year ago and roughly flat on a sequential basis as we expected. In total, our sequencing revenue grew 21% in the third quarter of 2018, with strong activity across research, translational and clinical applications. Across these areas, we continue to be encouraged by a myriad of developments that we believe will enable genomics to continue the progression from research to the clinic and over time, the standard of care. We're optimistic about genomics-based research funding as our technologies have uncovered insights that have been used to improve patient lives, especially in cancer. 
One notable area where we see significant potential is immunotherapy. With over 1,000 clinical studies associated with I-O, there's overwhelming interest in using the immune system to combat cancer. But the biomarkers used today to predict response in this class of drugs fail to fully classify patients that will benefit from treatment. One example of our commitment to this area is a recently initiated collaboration with Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center to identify genomic biomarkers that predict response to immunotherapy using whole-exome and whole-genome sequencing. In addition to our collaboration with BMS on tumor mutational burden, we believe that these studies will provide insights to help stratify patients for the most suitable and impactful therapies and therapy combinations. 
At a high level, the funding environment for basic and translational research continues to look favorable. In the U.S., for example, we were pleased to see that the total NIH budget for 2019 is increasing $2 billion to $39 billion. Genomics and NGS research continue to be areas of focus, especially in areas like oncology, cardiovascular and neurodegenerative diseases, to name a few. 
Population genomics initiatives continue to build momentum in the third quarter. All of us selected 3 genome centers to begin generating genomic data within the next quarter. And the Healthy Nevada Project announced that its third phase will include more than 250,000 participants, building on the 50,000 participants currently in the program's first 2 phases. 
Yale launched a project to sequence 100,000 exomes starting in early 2019, and the U.K.'s National Health Service announced interest in sequencing up to 5 million whole genomes in the next 5 years. These large-scale population studies represent a unique opportunity to better understand genomics, health and disease, and we remain in the earliest stages of rollout. 
Of particular interest this quarter, Bangladesh launched a cancer-focused Precision Medicine Initiative that will utilize both our sequencing and array technologies. This is notable as it shows precision medicine and associated population genomics initiatives are extending their reach into developing countries. 
In NIPT, we have submitted 4 new IDD applications to extend the geographic opportunity for our VeriSeq NIPT product. In the U.S., we continue to see growing average-risk coverage with recent decisions from Florida and Minnesota Medicaid, Blue Cross Blue Shield Tennessee in North Carolina, bringing total average-risk coverage to 43%. 
In RUGD, Rady Children's Hospital here in San Diego received funding from Medi-Cal to launch Project Baby Bear, offering clinical whole-genome sequencing as a first-line diagnostic test for babies in the NICU. This is a strong validation of the value and potential for sequencing to improve the management of babies born with a rare and undiagnosed disease, and we applaud the state of California for funding this effort. 
Further supporting the value of whole-genome sequencing for many RUGD patients, CMS released final pricing of about $5,000 for a single genome late last week. This CMS decision is another important milestone to support the progression of clinical whole genomes into standard of care for RUGD patients over time. 
Finally, on the reimbursement front, we continue to see the development of a more supportive landscape that we believe will accelerate the adoption of genomics in the clinic and encourage further innovation in the field. Most recently, Anthem with more than 27 million covered lives, announced that it will reimburse large NGS panels for stage 4 patients or those with their current metastatic non-small cell lung cancer. Of note, covered panels will be required to include tumor mutational burden, highlighting what we believe could be an emerging trend in panel coverage. 
Moving to arrays. Total microarray revenue of $134 million was down sequentially as expected and up 11% from the third quarter of 2017. Array instrument revenue of $16 million was higher than we expected and the largest revenue contribution since 2011, driven by a large key DTC customer scaling ahead of anticipated holiday demand. This was more than offset by lower microarray service and other revenue on a sequential basis. While there is seasonality, we continue to be impressed with the rate of growth we're seeing among our DTC customers. 
Consumer genomics has predominantly been a U.S. phenomenon until now, so it was particularly exciting to see a healthy revenue contribution associated with an emerging consumer genomics industry in Asia Pacific in the third quarter. 
Moving to regional results. Americas revenue grew 14% versus the prior year period, driven by growth across the sequencing business. EMEA delivered another strong quarter, with 33% growth from the prior year period, including a strong contribution from Genomics England, which has now sequenced more than 87,000 whole genomes. Other growth drivers included NovaSeq, NIPT and sequencing consumables more broadly, which combined, more than offset a negative year-over-year FX impact. 
Greater China grew 17% year-over-year, with strong sequencing consumable growth. During the quarter, MiSeqDx received NMPA approval, our first NGS instrument to receive regulatory clearance in the region and a significant milestone for Illumina as we expand our clinical presence in the growing Chinese market. This timing, given the emergence of targeted therapies and signs of a more supportive Chinese regulatory environment with 2 PD-1 drug approvals in the past few months. 
Finally, APJ revenue of $58 million was up 29% from the third quarter of 2017, the strongest quarter in the region since early 2014. Our APJ business is benefiting from strong sequencing activity among regional, commercial sequencing service providers that drove a majority of the year-over-year revenue growth. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Sam for a review of our quarterly financials. Sam?

Sure, and thank you, Ross. So in terms of the NovaSeq, and we said this on previous calls and it's more true today than ever, we are very pleased with the strong interest we're continuing to see in NovaSeq. And we're really pleased with the way this upgrade cycle is playing out. We have planned this to be a multiyear upgrade cycle. And we planned the stage activation of the different parts of the HiSeq base through the use of different flow cells. And frankly, we're really happy with the way it's playing out. We talked about the fact that we continue to see growth from, as you pointed out, a segment of new-to-high-throughput, new-to-sequencing customers that, frankly, was higher than we expected coming into the NovaSeq upgrade cycle. And so we've typically seen between 1/4 and 1/3 now NovaSeq customers each quarter being in that new-to-sequencing, new-to-high-throughput base. And as we look to the base, we are seeing, as you pointed out, some of these customers are not the usual suspects. They are new to sequencing, and I'll give you some examples. An example of a customer we got in the last quarter included a new hospital customer that's part of a national collaboration in a European country to move towards clinical whole-genome sequencing and is linked with a PMI project in that country. Another example is a new commercial customer we got in Q3 that's developing a universal cancer screening test. And so previously, they've used a service provider that was operating a NextSeq to run their samples. But as this customer is now scaling, they're bringing the work in-house. And so they purchased a NovaSeq, and they're using it to detect tumor mutational burdens across the 10 deadliest cancers at the earliest stages in patient blood samples. So another customer. A third example would be a new customer in Q3 that's using NovaSeq to start sequencing exomes, which allows a unified workflow for many of the sample types that they run. And they're planning to slowly transition from smaller panels to exomes once all the proper validations have happened. And so across those 3 examples, you can see that the thesis we had going in, which is as we democratize access to high-throughput sequencing, we will see customers doing broader sequencing, doing deeper sequencing and moving from panels to exomes and genomes are starting to play out, certainly, in those examples. And so that's some of the color behind what's driving the uptake for NovaSeq.

Sure. So Tycho, obviously with a market this big and this much growth ahead of it and still being in such earlier stages, you'd expect to see it attracts a lot of players. And we've been talking about the players in the space and the segments they play into. We continue to see, as you pointed out, BGI talking about low-cost sequencing and running samples for customers in China at a lower cost for -- per genome than outsourcing customers can get elsewhere in the market. And the competitive dynamic there is still largely the same in the sense that if you compare what customers can get with our products compared with what they can get in BGI, there's a big difference in terms of the quality of the data that you get off the instruments, in terms of the reliability of the instruments if you purchase the instrument yourself. And then there is some -- in some cases, just concern in terms of the privacy of the data of shipping samples to China. In some cases, there are actually restrictions, whether it's national restrictions in some countries about shipping biological samples outside or data restrictions around having the data outside the country. And in some countries like in the U.S., there are restrictions from funding sources. So some of the funding sources for academic projects don't allow you to ship samples outside the country to China. And if you do, you risk not being able to get future funding from those sources. But the primary competitive dynamic in that case is really about the reliability and the quality of the data you get from our instrument. And those are dimensions that we continue to invest in to raise the bar and become more and more important as we get into the clinical markets. We continue to look at adjacent markets and what's happening there like the long-read market and look at the improvements that are happening there in terms of the gradual improvements in accuracy and the price improvements. And that continues to be a complementary market to us. Right? If you look at how customers use those technologies, what they'll do is they'll buy a long read instrument or they'll outsource to a long-read service provider to do scaffolding, de novo, create the reference genome and then drive a lot of their production work on to Illumina instruments. And so in some sense, the way the dynamics been playing out over the years is the more species that get sequenced through the long-read technologies, the more sequencing that drives to Illumina. And the competitive dynamic there is while they can do the reference genomes, our cost advantage means that anything in production you'd want to do on our instruments. And we've publicly stated that we continue to want to drive the price down over the years as we have. And so we expect that separation of the markets to continue to play out going forward. But overall, if you take a step back, the fact that you're seeing multiple players in the market innovate across different dimensions that you're seeing the venture community get interest in the market really does validate just how enormous the opportunity in front of us is and validates that we're really at the early stages of this big opportunity.

Yes. And if I had to add to what Sam just said, I'll take a step back and look at the China market. If you look at our growth in China for the first 3 quarters of '18, that's been approximately 30% revenue growth year-on-year. Now if you take that same period a year ago, it was 25% growth approximately. And so our business in China is bigger than it was last year, and it's growing faster than it was last year. And the tariff effect is a small part of that bigger story of what's happening in China.

So if I look at the population sequencing initiatives, it's clear that governments all around the world are recognizing the value of population genomics studies as a fundamental enabler to precision medicine and those initiatives around improving both the quality of the health care system and driving cost out. And now we're engaged in several dozen population sequencing initiatives around the world. If we look at, though, 2019, there are a number of things that are going to play out. In the U.K., which already pioneered the area of population sequencing, we expect GeL to complete its 100,000 genomes in the coming months, it may sort of lead into the beginning of next year. They publicly announced they've crossed over 87,000 whole-genome sequencing. And so that will play out over the coming months entering into 2019. And then they've announced that the next phase of GeL will be driven out of the NHS. And so you can expect to see that starting to ramp up in 2019, and there'll be a ramp-up period. But that's the big transition you'll expect to see from GeL. That's a very exciting transition because in Phase I, GeL talked about 100,000 genomes. And the message coming out from the U.K. is that they have a vision to do 5 million genomes as part of the next phase of the project. Those -- that will take time, though, to play out, but it's a much bigger opportunity that will start in 2019. Similarly now, if you look in the U.S., and you know what's happened over the last few weeks even, is that the -- we've seen progress around the All of Us Precision Medicine Initiative. That was launched in May, and the vision was ready to sequence 1 million samples over 10 years. And the budget for All of Us was announced. And that was $376 million for 2019, up from $290 million in 2018. So they've got the budget for 2019 over the last few weeks, All of Us has now selected the 3 genome centers that they are going to use to do the sequencing and the genotyping. So they selected Baylor, Broad and UW to do the sequencing. And so you can start to see that roll out as we get into 2019. You'll also see progress from Yale. They've announced their project, a large genome medicine project for 100,000 patients, with more than $20 million in funding that they've secured. And that is expected to start in early 2019. In addition to those are again many, many, many initiatives that we are working on, there's the initiative in France that was supposed to go into pilot in the next few -- by the end of this year, we think it will happen early next year. So there are many other initiatives that we're working on as well, and so that's the color on some of the big ones.

Yes. And then if we think about how the grants are playing out, I think obviously we're very, very happy with how funding is developing in terms of the budgets going up. I mean, the $2 billion increase in NIH budget was a welcome news in the industry. We also continue to see a shifting of the budget to genomics-based studies across a variety of academic domains. We talked about interesting work that's happening in cardiovascular and neurodegenerative diseases and lots of other chronic conditions too. So not only is the overall budget envelope going up, but we continue to see a shift of the budget to genomic testing, which is obviously really good news for science and really good news for us as well. In terms of NovaSeqs, we are starting to see -- it used to be -- I don't know if you recall last year, but certainly, with Topmed here in the U.S., they still wanted the grants they were giving out to be for projects that were running the X. And they wanted the projects to continue to run the X because that's how they've done it before. And that's changed. We are not yet at the stage, where they are requiring NovaSeqs as we saw before with the HiSeq X. So we're in that transition where they're saying, yes, you can and, in fact, the people that do and have better economics you think have a better chance of winning those projects and typically what happens is that the next stages, it just becomes a requirement in terms of applying for those grants.

Yes. So if I think about the things that have driven demand that have given us that 23-plus percent growth rate in sequencing consumables not just in the quarter but just past the previous quarters, a lot of those secular trends are here to stay. And there's nothing I can point to for the last year and say that was an unusual thing or a temporal thing. They're maybe timing things. So for example, GeL was running at full force this week. It's going to scale up and go into the NHS. There may be a transition that plays out. But in terms of almost every trend that I can point to that drove demand this year, whether it's liquid biopsy, population sequencing on the NIPT side, all of those trends are poised to grow going into the future. Right? We're going to have more people doing NIPT tests. So liquid biopsies, today, we saw Guardant360, and that was really exciting get reimbursement from Palmetto. It got the local coverage decision around the liquid biopsy test for non-small cell lung cancer. And that was the first. And so liquid biopsy, you expect there to be more of. So again, the trends are secular trends. They're going to play out. Trends like the population sequencing trends are going to play out over a multiyear period. So at this stage, we're not telling you what any particular quarter looks like, certainly not next year, but you're absolutely right. These are durable secular trends. What's the second part of the question? I think that was it.

Yes, we absolutely are. So the announcement of Geisinger made around doing whole-exome sequencing for all the couple millions of patients in their health system has triggered conversations about having the -- your exome or your genome be a part of your health record. So we're having those conversations. Nothing has been announced yet, but as you can imagine, it definitely triggered interest from other health systems, especially ones where they have capitated patients or they have patients that tend to be in the system for a long time. They are the ones that are leading the conversations right now.

Sure. I'll start by saying if you take a step back, I think we still have the majority of the upgrade is in front of us in total. So if you add up the total number of customers or the total number of systems, I don't think we've crossed over the halfway point even off the upgrade cycle. And now I'll talk a little bit of a segment story. If you look at the high-throughput -- the large centers, the majority of them have bought a NovaSeq, that's true. But a small minority of them that have completely cut over to a NovaSeq. And so the work in front of us, both in terms of orders, in terms of shipments and in terms of implementations for our customers is really to do that cutover. And that's not been a '17 story or an '18 story. That's a '19-plus story. And we still have, if you look at the smaller labs, still large labs, so core labs, but it's a smaller end of it, there's still lot of them that have yet upgrade to a NovaSeq. And so a lot of the ones that we expect to buy 1 or 2 NovaSeqs, that business still in front of us. And some of them are waiting for the S Prime, which will come out in the coming months. And that's important for them. Some of them were waiting for the S1, which just came out earlier this year and are in a valuation cycle right now. And so you add up all those different dynamics, and I'd say the majority of that upgrade is still in front of us.

So if I look at the breakdown of the business between clinical and translational research, it's continuing to build in the same way we've seen, consistent what we've seen in previous quarters. So we said previously, if you look at clinical and translational, it's in sort of the mid- to high 40s as a percentage of our revenue. That continues to be true. And the drivers of the clinical business are NIPT and certainly in Europe, we're seeing strong growth with the launch of VeriSeq NIPT off our NIPT business. One of the things we are doing there is we're continuing to get clearance for the VeriSeq NIPT product to expand the addressable market for that solution. That's been a lot of the work we've been doing this year. And so you should see that start to play in next year. The other big driver, obviously, of our clinical business is our oncology segment. And there, there are a number of factors. We have the large liquid biopsy customers. We have the clinical commercial customers that are driving a lot of our oncology business. We see a lot of translational business that comes out of the academic cancer centers. The work that's happening there, a lot of it is around immunotherapy and doing the work to identify the predictors of success of immunotherapy. And all of those things are going to continue to build into next year.

Yes, it's an important metric for us to track. And one of the things we did, and we touched on it the last earnings call a little bit was what we look at is we look at the total consumable spend of our high-throughput customers. And we look at them before they got a NovaSeq and we look at the ones that don't have a NovaSeq yet and we look at the ones that also bought a NovaSeq. And what we shared was that we saw that high-throughput customers that had bought a NovaSeq, in aggregate, they were spending more with us than ones that haven't bought a NovaSeq. And that actually intuitively makes sense. Right? So you're seeing the reason people are buying the most powerful sequencer in the world is because they anticipate more demand for it. And the dynamic we've known in the market is that given the research that our customers want to do, if they have a budget, they want to spend that budget doing as high-quality research as they can. And so if they can get a more powerful instrument like a NovaSeq to replace a HiSeq, then what they'll do is they'll do a higher powered study. And so they'll put more samples into the study to generate higher-quality science. And so they take the power they have, and they'll use as many samples as they can for that study. So it's not that they will use less samples when they have the NovaSeq. And that's borne out by the numbers that we're seeing.

Sure. If you think about NIPT going into next year and sort of where the growth will come from, I think there are a couple of vectors that will drive growth for NIPT. In the U.S., I think as you point out, one of the things that will drive growth is the increased adoption and coverage for average-risk customers. So we're continuing to make progress -- incremental progress in terms of the percentage of covered lives in the U.S. that have access to NIPT for average-risk pregnancies. In September, for example, we got Florida Medicaid that became the first state Medicaid program to cover NIPT for average risk. We continue to see some of the payers that I talked about that came online the last quarter. And overall now, we're at 43% of covered lives have access to NIPT testing for average-risk pregnancies. The big -- there are a couple of big payers, though, that have not yet moved like, for example, United. And for them, we think a move in the guidelines will be important. And if we look at how that's played out over the year, we've made some progress there. So if you look at ACOG here in the U.S., they've withdrawn their practice bulletin 640, which question the utility of average-risk NIPT. And some in the industry feel that's a precursor for them actually endorsing NIPT for average-risk pregnancies because the removal of 640 now leaves the more supportive ACOG 163 in -- as their practice bulletin. And that indicates that the sensitivity and specificity of NIPT is very similar to levels previously published for high-risk pregnancies. And so we're making progress with ACOG. And as those guidelines come into play, so I think that will continue to be positive in terms of the couple of large payers that have yet to move. So one big driver of NIPT growth is going to be continued coverage for average risk -- expansion of the coverage for average-risk pregnancies here in the U.S. And then internationally, it's the adoption of VeriSeq NIPT and the coverage of NIPT by the National systems. And so if you look at where we are in Europe, 100% of pregnancies in Europe are covered for NIPT in Belgium, in the Netherlands, we have very well-contingent screening in the U.K., France, and Switzerland. And in Germany, we've just seen some progress with the German HDA publishing assessment acknowledging the diagnostic value of NIPT for trisomy 21. And so making incremental progress in terms of Germany adopting NIPT. And then the other big vector is going to be China. We continue to see growth there, closing in on 20 million pregnancies a year in China. Today, we see 3-ish, 4-ish million NIPT across everybody, all the players in the market being done. And so there's still an untapped opportunity in China. So those are the things that will drive NIPT growth.

Sure. I am very excited about the potential for iSeq and the strategic role it will play in our portfolio. If I look at who's buying iSeq, I'd say broadly, there are 3 types of customers that are buying iSeq today. The first one, and not surprisingly, they are the ones that were out of the gate the fastest. They were a big part of the early orders of iSeq are actually existing Illumina customers. And what they love about iSeq is they're telling us that it is a terrific box to do a quality control step on a library before you fire up a run on a NovaSeq or any of our other machines because you could spend tens of thousands of dollars on a NovaSeq run. And you would want to know before you did that if there was something wrong with the library. And so it's a terrific little instrument that allows you to do a quick QC step before you run a NovaSeq run. And so a lot of customers have understood that, and we're seeing orders for iSeq to support that use case. Another set of customers are customers who are much smaller labs. And they do sequencing today, but they don't have either the capital or the sample volume to purchase their own MiSeq or MiniSeq. And so they're outsourcing today. And so iSeq is a very accessible instrument for them, and they're excited about bringing some of that sequencing in-house. And we're seeing customers for iSeq that are exactly that, very familiar with sequencing. In fact, they are sequencing customers; they just don't have their own instrument. And then long-term and probably among the most exciting segments is going to be the tens of thousands of labs today that don't do sequencing. And as they start to understand the role that genomics can play in the research that they do, iSeq is a terrific instrument to open up that largely untapped market that those are labs that today may be buying qPCR boxes, for example, but don't do sequencing at all. And we think that this is the perfect instrument to get into that market.

Yes. That is a really exciting segment in the oncology market. We are now seeing liquid biopsy being used in various stages of the cancer journey. Right? So we're seeing some very high-profile companies like a GRAIL or a Freenome that are interested in using liquid biopsy as a screening tool for asymptomatic individuals. And so they're going after the population at large, and they're designing tests that have to have really high sensitivity and specificity to be used as a population screen. And the results we're seeing continue to be very encouraging. The results that the GRAIL team shared at ASCO earlier this year are really encouraging in terms of them being able to bring out a test that has the right sensitivity and specificity across cancer types. Then you're seeing companies like Guardant. And what's exciting about what Guardant is doing is they're using liquid biopsy at a different stage of the cancer journey. And they're saying this is for people who already have cancer. And with their Guardant360 test, you're able to identify the molecular profile of the cancer a patient has. And that is especially important for things like lung cancer, where it is really difficult to get samples from a patient. And it's hard to get samples that are not degraded. And so to be able to do that from a blood test is really enabling for those patients. Guardant is also looking at using liquid biopsy as a tool to assess the effectiveness of a therapy to do MRD, to look for recurrence. And so those are all applications that also lend themselves for liquid biopsy rather than tissue biopsy. And what's especially exciting is that some of the companies are now getting into the space, and some of the commercial entities that are being created to deliver liquid biopsy tests are not the usual suspects. They're not just a Silicon Valley crowd. The example I gave was not a usual suspect. It was a new company that was created just to deliver a universal cancer screening test. And so we're seeing a lot of investment poured into this area because there's a recognition of the enormous promise of liquid biopsy to do better screens and ultimately, improve outcomes for patients.

Yes, it's a great question, and I'm glad we got to touch on the consumer market because it's a very exciting market and it's a large market going forward. And we did -- as we touched on, we did see an inflection in the consumer market play out in 2017. And in 2017, we -- sequence are genotyped more samples that year. So 7 million samples in 2017 than we done in the previous 10 years combined. The space started in 2007 when it launched 23andMe. And we saw that inflection point. And that inflection point last year was driven by -- it was primarily a U.S. story. It was primarily an Ancestry story, and it was primarily driven by a couple of the big players in that space. This year, we've continued to see the growth in the genealogy segment, but we've seen other things play out. One, we've seen just more players emerge in the market. And so we are tracking a large number of companies now that are in the DTC space around the world. And we started to see revenue contribution show up, as I talked about it, for example, from Southeast Asia. And so we're starting to see DTC become a more global story than it, frankly, has ever been. And we're definitely at the very early stages of that. Frankly, we're at the early stages of it in the U.S. and we're at the, really, really, early stages of it outside the U.S. We're also seeing a broadening of the drivers for consumer genomics. Right? So if I said the first driver of it was genealogy, the discoveries that have happened have now enabled more reports to be generated for customers. And so some of the pool is now coming from segments that are broader than genealogy. It's health traits, it's wellness, it's nutrition, it's fitness. And that's expanded, and that's the story of 2018. And the revenue from it, we expect to come in future years, but the idea of it really showed up in 2018. We're also excited about the potential for Helix to continue to expand that opportunity and continue to enable innovation for consumers to try out different reports in consumer genomics and figure out where the next growth vector could be. And so those are the dynamics around consumer and genomics that have showed up. We continue to see the growth driven by genealogy. It's now much more of a global story. It's much more diverse in terms of number of customers that are interested in doing it and a number of segments that they are targeting. But very early across the board.