Thank you, Salli. Good afternoon, everyone.
We maintained strong momentum across regions and markets in the first quarter. We saw particular strength in oncology, genetic disease testing and infectious disease and achieved record quarterly performance in the Americas and APJ. I'll share an overview of our results as well as our progress across our portfolio and markets before turning it over to Sam for additional detail. Before I begin, I'd like to extend my thoughts to everyone dealing with the war in the Ukraine, and we will continue to support humanitarian efforts to help the affected communities.
Starting with our financial results. First quarter revenue of approximately $1.22 billion increased 12% year-over-year. We received record orders in the quarter, with sequencing consumables orders surpassing $1 billion for the first time. And we exited the quarter with record total backlog, a great leading indicator for upcoming quarters.
Turning now to performance across our platforms. Sequencing instrument shipments grew more than 20% year-over-year in the first quarter. We shipped a record number of NovaSeqs and received record NovaSeq consumables orders, demonstrating both strong demand in the instrument's sixth year since launch and addition to our substantial installed base for future consumables revenue. More than half of NovaSeq shipments were to clinical customers, and we saw particular strength in oncology testing as high throughput sequencing and comprehensive genomic profiling become increasingly critical to cancer patient care.
In mid-throughput, the installed base of NextSeq 1000/2000 instruments has now exceeded 1,000. Additionally, Q1 shipments for the P1 flow cell that we launched in the fourth quarter of 2021 were nearly double our expectations. We're seeing strong adoption of the P1 flow cell from both new customers and customers moving up the throughput spectrum, as well as broad kit utilization from existing NextSeq 1000/2000 users due to the P1 flow cell's efficiency and cost effectiveness.
Our low-throughput platforms also continue to perform well and provide a great entry point to sequencing. More than 1/3 of shipments in the first quarter were to new-to-Illumina customers, further increasing our installed base and enabling adoption of sequencing across a broad customer network.
Looking now at our markets. Oncology testing sequencing consumables grew almost 20% year-over-year, as we continue to help democratize sequencing in this critical area of health care. In March, we received CE-IVD approval for TruSight Oncology Comprehensive in Europe. This new in vitro diagnostic comprehensive genomic profiling kit is the first distributed IVD for both DNA and RNA. TSO Comp IVD covers a range of mutations and biomarkers associated with the European Society for Medical Oncology guidelines, maximizing opportunities to find actionable information from each patient's biopsy.
We're pleased with the early reception and excitement from customers across the EU, and we look forward to introducing TSO Comp IVD in other markets, including Japan, where we recently applied for regulatory approval. The TSO Comp IVD offering will build upon the incredible expansion we're seeing globally for TSO 500, which grew nearly 120% year-over-year in Q1.
Also in oncology, customer and provider interest for Galleri, GRAIL's groundbreaking multi-cancer early detection blood test, is growing. To date, Galleri has been prescribed by more than 2,400 prescribing physicians and GRAIL has entered into 34 partnerships with health systems, employers and insurers who are investing in multi-cancer early detection to improve outcomes. This includes GRAIL's recent partnership with Point32Health, the combined organization of Harvard Pilgrim Health Care and Tufts Health Plan. Point32's two-phased pilot of Galleri marks GRAIL's first collaboration with a commercial health plan in the U.S.
Last week, GRAIL also announced a multiyear partnership with Munich Re Life US to provide Galleri as part of Munich Re's commitment to advancing cancer early detection and treatment. Munich Re and GRAIL will collaborate to enable carriers and distributors to offer Galleri to existing policyholders who are at high risk of cancer such as those aged 50 and older. Also, the NHS Galleri trial continues to progress, with more than 90,000 of the planned 140,000 participants enrolled.
To support the increasing interest around Galleri and to further their R&D efforts, the GRAIL team has almost doubled in the last 8 months to more than 850 employees, with another almost 250 job openings. Looking ahead, GRAIL plans to expand its existing sales force for Galleri to reinforce launch traction and drive continued market adoption.
Turning to our other markets. Genetic disease testing had another record quarter, as we enable expanding coverage and utilization of whole genome sequencing, or WGS, globally. In the U.S., critically ill infants are now eligible for WGS in California, Oregon and Maryland through Medicaid, providing coverage for an additional 17 million lives. And last week, we announced an agreement with Germany's Hannover Medical School to implement the use of WGS for critically ill children suspected of having a genetic or rare disease. This project, like our collaborations with other children's hospitals around the world, helps demonstrate how WGS can support earlier diagnoses and treatment for children in neonatal and pediatric intensive care.
In reproductive health, coverage, reimbursement and evidence generation continue to increase, particularly in Europe. Both Spain and Italy have expanded coverage for noninvasive prenatal testing, or NIPT, with Germany likely doing so as well later this year.
In infectious disease and microbiology, we saw a record quarter with incremental global investments in pathogen identification, monitoring and resistance. While this was driven by COVID surveillance, we are also seeing traction for other pathogens, including tuberculosis. In March, the Milken Institute called for a network of multi-sector stakeholders to collaborate on data, insights and responses for early disease outbreaks. In the same month, the World Health Organization announced a 10-year strategy to use the power of genomics for global pan-pathogen surveillance, demonstrating the growing trend for broader pathogen monitoring.
For example, FIND, a Geneva-based global alliance for diagnostics, established Seq&Treat, a global initiative using sequencing for drug-resistant tuberculosis which affects nearly 0.5 million people globally each year. We're providing instruments to help Seq&Treat accelerate discovery for the half of patients with drug-resistant tuberculosis who are not currently successfully treated.
In our Research and Applied markets, we continue to see genomic research expanding across applications and disease states. Lab budgets, specifically for NGS, are increasing, including for both academic labs growing approximately 9.5% and pharmaceutical and industry labs growing at approximately 14%. As part of our efforts to support growth in genomic research, we recently partnered with Allelica to provide cutting-edge polygenic risk score digital tools to our customers. With Allelica's software, researchers can better identify individuals with high genetic susceptibility for developing life-threatening diseases.
Also in research, increasing utilization and demand for multiomics, particularly proteomics, is driving sequencing growth and opportunities. Our partnership with SomaLogic to codevelop a high plexity, high sensitivity and high specificity proteomics assay is progressing well. Together, we look forward to empowering the next generation of novel insights.
Another fast-developing area is the integration of multiomic and genomic data into drug development and clinical trials. Drug development R&D spend is more than $123 billion annually, yet more than 90% of drugs that enter Phase I clinical trials fail to reach clinical approval, with fewer than 70 entering the market each year. A main contributor to this high failure rate is target selection, where genomic-based methods can more than double success rates and dramatically improve cost and speed to market. Because more than 85% of the human proteome cannot currently be targeted pharmacologically, we are excited to support genetic-led discovery and emerging drug modalities that could significantly expand the total number of potential therapeutic targets.
In addition to our partnership with Nashville Biosciences, today, we announced a partnership with Deerfield Management. This first-of-its-kind collaboration will combine Illumina's genetic and AI-led approach to discovery with Deerfield's expertise in preclinical and clinical development. Together, we plan to translate genetic insights into new therapies across diseases with unmet medical needs and drive a step change in the pace and efficiency of drug development. This will ultimately help more patients access potentially life-changing therapies.
We also recently announced a collaboration with Janssen to accelerate development of precision medicines. This includes developing companion diagnostics across our new TSO Comp IVD, and exploring discovery and research initiatives for drug and biomarker targets across disease states. These collaborations are a few of what we expect will be many pharmaceutical strategic partnerships, leveraging the power of Illumina to create precision medicine at scale.
Overall, we were pleased with our first quarter performance, including 20% sequencing instruments growth and sequencing consumables orders surpassing $1 billion for the first time. The significant ongoing growth in our installed base as well as our record backlog exiting the quarter lay the groundwork for continued acceleration of our business in the coming quarters. I'm also really excited about the work we're doing with our collaboration partners. These efforts underpin our ongoing progress in driving sequencing trends to improve human health.
I'll now turn the call over to Sam to discuss additional details on our results and outlook. Sam?

Thanks, Sam. As we look ahead, our business fundamentals remain very strong. The continued growth in our installed base, our record backlog exiting Q1 and the increasing volumes we're seeing, as customers pursue higher intensity sequencing applications, all bode well for future growth, especially in the second half of this year. We also continue to drive increased access and deliver breakthrough genomic innovations. We're making progress across our innovation pipeline with data and excitement building around our breakthrough Chemistry X, our Infinity long-read technology and our NovaSeq Dx platform.
We will provide additional updates on these technologies in the coming months, and we look forward to welcoming thousands of customers from around the world to the Illumina Genomics Forum in late September. Also, we are pleased to invite you to join us this fall for our Investor Day, which will be held Monday, October 3, in San Diego, following the Illumina Genomics Forum. We will be announcing additional details in the coming days.
Across our global business, we are at the forefront of genomics in health care. We're excited to deliver new technologies, collaborate with pioneering partners, champion patient access and support incredible researchers and clinicians around the world as we collectively unleash the power of genomics for the betterment of human health.
I'll now invite the operator to open for Q&A.

Yes, Dan, let me take the questions about Chemistry X and Infinity. The teams are making really good progress in both. Our strategy is going to be on Infinity to have more customer data come out over the course of the rest of the year as we get closer to launching Infinity. And then with Chemistry X, you will absolutely have a lot more information at the customer event and then at the investor event as well. And then between now and then, to the extent that there is some new material data to show, we will bring it out.

And then let me pick up on the question around GRAIL and timing with the European Commission. As you know, we're engaged in 2 processes in Europe. One is with the European Commission around their Phase II review. We continue to be engaged with them. The clock is paused as we are working with them to see if there are remedies that could get this deal approved, and we expect a decision on that to come either later in Q2 or in Q3. We are also engaged with the EU General Court as we work through the jurisdiction of the European Commission to review this deal, and we expect a decision on that similarly to come either later in Q2 or early Q3.

Yes. I'll start by saying that, overall, we believe that the genomics market is a large and growing market that we're in the very early stages of penetrating. And so as we've seen before, and we'll continue to see, there's room for growth of multiple players in this market. And we expect that to be true for a long time going forward. The customers we sell to are among the best and brightest in the world. They're obviously aware of the options that are out there, and we do have those conversations. And so all our customers, I think, are very well informed about what the genomics landscape looks like, who's available, what's coming and what to expect from the different vendors. So they're absolutely part of those conversations.
You see the strength, though, in the numbers we put up, right? You saw the 20% growth in Q1. You saw the strong orders, strong shipments. You especially see the strength in areas like NovaSeq, for example, where we had a record year last year. We had a record Q1 in terms of shipments. And that continues to be because whether it's at the high end of the portfolio or in the NextSeq line or even at the smaller end of the portfolio. We continue to provide a superior value proposition that is meeting the needs of customers in terms of total cost of ownership, in terms of performance, in terms of price points. And that's, frankly, the job we have to continue to do. Continue to earn our customers' business by making sure that, that continues to hold true.

Yes. So let's take -- thanks for those questions. Let's take them one at a time. We are pleased with the way GRAIL is performing. So if we look at the traction that they got in Q1, not just the $10 million in revenue, but if you look at the traction they've made also with increasing the number of prescribing physicians to 2,400, increasing the number of partners across health systems, employers and insurers and up to 34, they continue to be on track to meet the revenue outlook that we laid out at the beginning of the year, the $70 million to $90 million.
The other thing that they've put into place that we know will pay off over the course of this year and then certainly going forward is signing up first the -- the first commercial insurance provider here in the U.S. with Point32. That's going to be exciting, both as an employer, customer of theirs because they're going to roll it out internally. And then obviously, as they roll it out to their customers.
The other exciting development was them signing up their first life insurance company. And that, we think, with Munich Re -- that we think is a good start in a segment that we think has a lot of potential for GRAIL going forward. And so good traction there.
And then maybe a little bit longer term, we're also excited with the progress that GRAIL is making with the NHS trial that they have. They're now up to 90,000 enrolled participants. You will recall that had a target of 140,000 and so they're making good progress, which then brings us one step closer to the next phase of the NHS, which would be expanding this to a million people in the U.K. So good progress all around. I feel like we're on track to meet the plan that we laid out at the beginning of the year.
In terms of competition, we still feel like we have headroom in a number of ways. One, when we talk to our customers, they look at the total cost of ownership of a system. And so the price per G is 1 part of the equation, but then you have to look at things like the compute infrastructure. And if you look at what we've got in the NextSeqs, for example, or the NovaSeqs, that extends well beyond just core sequencing. You've got advanced compute on board with the instruments with the FPGA arrays, which for other sequencers, you'd have to go out and buy that type of compute.
In addition, we have things like the lossless data compression algorithms built in. Some customers can achieve a 5x reduction in the amount of data that's required to be stored. And so that's another part of the TCO equation that customers look at when they compare our systems with comparator systems. And so price per G is 1 part of the equation. You add all of those other things and you start to -- it starts to add up just how good that the value you're getting from Illumina is.
Having said all that, we also have a lot of headroom in terms of continuing to drive the price per G down. You've heard us talk a lot about the innovations that we've got in the pipeline and the kind of headroom that gives us as we look forward, both on new instruments and potentially on existing product lines, too. So we definitely have a lot of gas in both of those tanks, right? One is on the end-to-end TCO comparison where we have a very strong proposition, but then also taking each of the components and continuing to drive the price down because of the technological innovation that puts us on dramatically new S-curves.

All right. So let me take the questions one at a time. So Chemistry X will continue to give you technical updates as they become available. And the economics update will really depend on the instrument that we put Chemistry X into because it will be different because, ultimately, the economics of an instrument depend on the new chemistry but also every other part of the instrument, right? The optics that we put in there, the flow cells that you put in there, the compute infrastructure. And so Chemistry X will be definitely a heavy contributor to superior economics in an instrument, but to tell you the overall economics, we'd have to lay out the entire configuration of an instrument, and then we'll share with you what that instrument would give you.
I can tell you right now that, frankly, 20% to 25% would be low. If you think about the road map of the new chemistry, right? If you look at what we got with the last generation of chemistry, right? So when Solexa came out in 2007, the project we got from them is $150,000 to launch -- to do a genome. Today, it's less than $600, right? So that chemistry -- if you look at the lifetime of that chemistry -- now I don't want to give all the credit just to the chemistry because obviously, there were innovations, again, in optics and data paths and compute and everything associated with that.
But very, very significant road map in terms of price reductions that were enabled. So this is the most significant update we've done in chemistry since the original SBS was invented. And so you should think about the lifetime of this chemistry as giving us a lot of headroom in terms of performance, but also in terms of price reduction. So I would be personally disappointed if over the lifetime of this chemistry, you were just thinking about a 20% to 25% reduction.
Secondly, let's talk about GRAIL. So the GRAIL revenue for the year, what we said and would reaffirm is that the majority of the GRAIL revenue for this year will come from testing. There will be a component that comes from their pharma partnerships, but it won't be the majority of their revenue. And that's what they're working towards on the plan they're on.

Great. So thanks for that question. Let me start with the first one, which is -- we have always had to compete in the high-throughput environment, and we expect to continue to. And I'll start by saying that the genomics market as a whole, as I said earlier, is a large and growing market that's in the early stages of penetration. And so we expect there will be vendors that emerge, there will be vendors that -- some that go away. But we expect that there will be competition in that space, and that's what we've built into our plans.
Having said that, I'm also very confident in our competitive posture in that market today and extraordinarily excited by the road map that we have in terms of enhancing that competitive posture. And I'll start again, what I said a little bit earlier, which is, when you think about even just the cost element, it's really important that you think about the total cost of ownership, especially on the high-throughput side. 
When you're generating so much data, the compute costs, the storage costs, the end-to-end workflow costs, all of that become very important. And so when you look at the levers of innovation that we have, not just to continue to drive the performance and price points associated with the core sequencing, but the levers we have around the end-to-end workflow, we have a terrific ability to offer a very strong value proposition in that high-throughput market.
And then the second question is on cost cutting.

Yes, Puneet. There's a lot that can open up as we continue to drive the price of the sequencing down because the reality today is that we're still at the very early stages of understanding how a genome translates into human health and human disease. We've unlocked the first clinical applications, NIPT cancer therapy selection. There are many, many, many, many more that we know will emerge once we're able to do the experiments of the size that we need to do.
For example, if you look at complex diseases like neurological conditions, whether it's autism or schizophrenia or Alzheimer's or Parkinson's, what we're hearing from the research community is that if you look at schizophrenia, for example, in families, it's clear that there is a genomic component to it, but there's complex causality there. And the only way you can unravel the biology is by running cohorts that are not measured in the thousands or even tens of thousands, but are much bigger than that. And so there's a huge amount of promise to uncover and address some of the genomic underpinnings of neurological conditions, but we need cohorts much, much bigger than we've seen historically. And that's -- those are the kinds of experiments.
Similarly, when you think about what we need to understand about single cells and the heterogeneity of expression across the cells -- across the human body, there are tens of trillions of cells in the body. So if you want to do even just a representative -- statistically representative experiment, you don't need just thousands of cells like people are doing today, you need sizes in the millions or tens of millions, and we need to understand that.
And so those are the kinds of experiments that we're getting pushed on and say, okay, if you can just keep driving the prices down, it just opens up the large research areas which then will translate into a future area of new diagnostics, new screening modalities as well as new therapeutics. And so that's -- those are the kinds of big, big markets that get opened up.
Today, if you look at the top 10 causes of death for mankind, genomics helps address cancer, one of those top 10. The reality is that if you play this out a decade, maybe longer, genomics is going to help us address all 10. But to really understand the biology, we need an enormous amount of research to be done. And then we need an entirely new set of diagnostic screens and therapeutics. And so that's what gets enabled.

Yes. The -- we are seeing real strength across the board in the clinical market. So if you look across regions, we're seeing a huge amount of strength, obviously, in Americas and so on. But even in China, where we talked about the COVID restrictions, we still had strong momentum in the clinical market and signed up, as Sam pointed out, 38 new hospitals as well.
So what's driving that? One of the biggest drivers of that is oncology testing for therapy selection. The coverage that's been put in place for that, the move from smaller panels to comprehensive genomic profiling that requires larger panels. Now people looking at clinical exomes, that's driving a huge amount of strength.
And if you look at a number of our metrics, whether it's the consumables that are being pulled into that market or even the NovaSeqs, we saw, for example, I think it was about 40% of our NovaSeqs that were shipped in Q1 went to oncology testing customers. And so I'd start by saying that oncology testing for therapy selection is a juggernaut that drove a lot of our growth in the clinical markets last year. It's continuing to play out this year because a lot of the -- a lot of the underlying demand drivers are still strong.
We also saw, though, strong demand in genetic disease testing, and that had another strong quarter in Q1. And some of the similar dynamics are playing out there. The dramatic expansion in coverage over the last couple of years is really helping fuel that demand. In addition, that -- those applications are sequencing intensive applications. So you're talking about clinical whole genomes, you're talking about trios where those are available. And so that is continuing to fuel some of the demand in the clinical markets that we are seeing. And that has a lot of headroom in front of it in both of those markets.
The clinical market actually is a 1 market -- is a market where, I think, we have a special strength, right? Because we have established, over the last decade, a number of things that customers really like. So for example, we have cleared boxes, both the MiSeqDx, which got clearance in 2013, but also now we have the NextSeq Dx that's available to customers, and we are marching down the path to deliver a NovaSeq Dx. That puts us in a unique position at this point is that if you want to develop on a cleared box, we are a really great choice for you.
In addition, we have some end-to-end workflows that are really exciting to our customers. TSO 500 is a fantastic product. And we talked about the fact that if you look at Q1, TSO 500 had really, really strong growth, growing over 100% from the previous year Q1. And then we're also continuing to see demand for our VeriSeq NIPT end-to-end workflow. So again, that positions us especially well against anyone else who's looking for -- in terms of customers looking for cleared workflows that they can buy and use.
And then even customers that are running in LDT mode, they have spent a long time developing their own validated workflows on our instruments, even if they're using our non-DX instruments, but it's taken them a long time to build up their validated workflows and to bring those to scale. And so from their perspective, it's a better thing in terms of running their labs to just continue to expand the relationship with Illumina. And so those are some of the dynamics in that space.

Yes, sure. Outside of the things you talked about, we are seeing adoption from groups like employers. And it was really -- it's unexpected and it's exciting to see the range of industries where employers are signing up. So the thesis that said you expect some of the early adopter industries like maybe tech, maybe financial services where they are -- they tend to be earlier adopters of benefit. So you expected to see some of those employers. But the range of industries represented was an upside surprise. So for example, logistics and transport companies, media companies. It's a broader list than you would expect, and that continued in Q1 as well.
They're also signing up beyond concierge systems. They're signing up health systems that like Point32 that we pointed out, life insurance companies like Munich Re. And then there's certainly a retail element to what they're getting to and off their website through their partnership with Genomic Health. And that continues to grow as well. And that's also driving the -- their interest in wanting to continue to expand their profile in front of consumers. And so you should expect them to see more in terms of getting the GRAIL brand and the Galleri brand in front of consumers.
They're also expanding their reach directly to oncologists, and we talked about the fact that they're expanding their staff. A part of that was expanding their commercial staff, their sales staff that actually calls on doctors. And so that will continue to expand demand, both in terms of bringing new prescribing doctors into the fold, but also continuing to expand the number of tests that a prescribing doctor orders.

Sure. The GRAIL team continues to make progress in their MRD. We are excited about what that would bring to the market, using their sort of hypothesis-free, tumor-naive approach into the market. We think that's a valuable assay for customers and allows them to get tested more quickly than an approach that requires a tissue sample, for example. So we think it will be a valuable add into the market. At this point, we don't have any additional updates other than the team is continuing to work on it and making progress. But as soon as we have some, we will make sure to share it.
The initial reaction from customers on Chemistry X has been very positive, just building excitement around what it could do. Obviously, at this point, it's not tied to a specific instrument and sort of curiosity around when and through what form factor they'll get access to Chemistry X, but there's general enthusiasm around the promise of the new era of chemistry for SBS.
And they've all seen what SBS has done over the last 17 years. And so a huge amount of enthusiasm for the next leg of this journey. Sorry, let me just say that -- I will say though -- having said all that, it hasn't really muted as you've seen the demand for our existing instrument, the NextSeq 1000/2000, the NovaSeqs. We continue to see really strong demand for those instruments.
And that's because our customers know we have a history of looking after our customers as we launch new products, right, by providing them very robust upgrade paths and looking at what they've ordered in the backlog and making sure they are happy about, how we can move orders to new instruments, if that's what they choose. And so we've established, I think, a good track record of carrying people through an upgrade process and whether it's trade in policies.
And so that track record over the last decade, I think, is helping in terms of customers feeling confident about moving forward with instruments, knowing that, to the extent that we launch an instrument that upgrades any part of our portfolio, we will have very robust upgrade programs for them.

Yes. So let's go through all 3. I'll start by talking about the NCI commentary. And frankly, just the idea that, look, ultimately, you do want to see the impact on survival rates. And so that's going to be important and that's something we're going to be tracking over the next few years. Obviously, it will take a long time to get that kind of data. But we will get it, of course.
Now having said that, we do know that survival rates for cancer are very different depending on the stage you catch cancers. But even for a deadly cancer like a pancreatic cancer, survival rates are higher If you catch the pancreatic cancer early versus catching a cancer late. And the disease burden of cancer is so high; 10 million people a year die of cancer, 600,000 in the U.S. here alone. And because the fact that you have a higher survival rate, when you catch it early, we know that 71% of the people who die from cancer die from cancers that have no screens because you can't catch those type of cancers early.
And so those are the -- that's the facts -- the facts that we know that are fueling doctors to prescribe this test to their patients. And now they're up to 2,400 doctors that prescribe -- now remember that this test was only launched in June. So we went from 0 doctors a year ago to now 2,400 doctors that are confident and comfortable prescribing this test to their patients.
And so I think that's going to continue to build. And while it's continuing to build, we'll continue to build the data set to ultimately track this to survival rates. And so you'll get that data eventually. But in the meantime, we believe a lot of lives will be saved on the way.
The team has continued to make progress in terms of engaging with the FDA. There is no new time lines to be announced. I don't think the size of the study is going to be the problem. I think it'll just take time. I think they've powered the studies they need sufficiently, and the dialogue has been constructive with the FDA.