Thank you, Juliet. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We saw a strong rebound in our business in the third quarter, with a faster recovery than we expected in both our clinical and research customers. Total revenue for the third quarter was $794 million, up 26% sequentially and down 12% compared to the prior year period. I'll share the third quarter highlights, and Sam will provide more detailed financials.  
Sequencing revenue grew 25% compared to the second quarter of 2020. Sequencing consumables grew 29% sequentially, with strength across our high, mid- and low throughput product portfolio. NextSeq momentum continued to build, with mid-throughput consumables growing both sequentially and 3% year-over-year, and we expect continued growth in the fourth quarter. Sequencing instruments also outperformed expectations, with revenue up 24% sequentially. This growth was primarily driven by increased shipments of NovaSeq and NextSeq platforms. NovaSeq purchases have rebounded nicely from Q1, when some customers delayed purchases as shelter in place policies took effect. We have been pleased with the sequential growth in NovaSeq shipments in each quarter since Q1. We're entering the fourth quarter with a strong NovaSeq pipeline and expect the sequential growth to continue in Q4.  
In addition, we had another successful quarter for our mid-throughput portfolio, with both NextSeq 2000 and NextSeq 550, exceeding our expectations. Strong demand for these flexible sequencers led to a record mid-throughput shipments in the third quarter. We're especially pleased with the success of the NextSeq 2000 launch, reflecting positive customer feedback and demand. Approximately 1/3 of the NextSeq 2000 placements are coming from new to Illumina customers. Consistent with our expectations, we've seen little cannibalization of NovaSeq conversions among the remaining HiSeq customers.  
Sequencing service and other revenue grew 9% sequentially and was 28% lower compared to the prior year due to onetime IVD licensing and development revenues of over $30 million in the third quarter of last year. Total microarray revenue of $86 million was up 28% sequentially as direct-to-consumer customers and other applications began recovering from pandemic-related headwinds.  
Turning to our customer segments. We saw solid improvement in both clinical and research activity. As a reminder, we track sequencing run rates as an indicator of general activity. Run volumes are based on sampling and do not directly correlate with revenue. The intent of providing this metric is to help investors understand customer sequencing activity. 
Clinical sequencing run volumes increased from an average of 84% in the second quarter to 96% during the third quarter compared to pre-pandemic levels. In oncology, we're encouraged by signs that point to continued adoption of NGS in cancer treatment. The European Society for Medical Oncology, or ESMO, became the first scientific society to issue recommendations for the use of NGS in oncology. Depending on the cancer type, the society recommends NGS for large multi-gene panels for the determination of tumor mutation burden and to screen patients for clinical trials. To date, TSO 500, which is for research use only, provides comprehensive genomic profiling and has been adopted by approximately 250 customers. 
We're excited to release a CE-IVD marked TSO comprehensive assay in 2021 to ensure labs can follow ESMO guidelines and continue to improve cancer patient outcomes.  Growing payer adoption will continue to broaden the availability of these tests. Last month, Aetna, covering 19 million lives, announced coverage for large panel comprehensive genomic profiling, for both solid and liquid, including testing for TMB. 
We're also encouraged by the increasing availability and adoption for NGS-based liquid biopsy tests. The recent FDA approval for Guardant360 and FoundationOne liquid CDx demonstrates the clinical utility of these technologies that detects cell-free DNA from the tumor in the blood and can provide comprehensive genomic profiling when tumor tissue is not available. Liquid biopsy panels like these broaden access to more patients who can benefit from NGS in their cancer treatment.  
Reproductive health showed strength in the quarter, growing sequentially and year-over-year. In fact, during the third quarter, reproductive health averaged over 100% of its pre-pandemic run rate. We expect sustained growth as reimbursement prospects have never looked more promising. 
Recently, ACOG updated its guidance to recommend that NIPT be made available to all pregnant women, regardless of maternal age or baseline risk. This is a major milestone, and we expect payers to continue to follow ACOG's guidance, adding to the already 130 million-plus lives covered for average risk in the U.S. Centene, for example, recently aligned its guidelines, adding average risk coverage to an additional 23 million lives in the U.S. Centene is also the largest Medicaid managed care organization in the U.S., meaning this coverage decision will bring NIPT as an option to more medically underserved areas and populations. 
In genetic disease testing, physicians, insurance companies and governments around the globe are increasingly adopting sequencing to diagnose children suspected of having genetic conditions. We're seeing solid progress on the reimbursement front. Payer adoption in the U.S. continues to grow, with more than double the lives covered for whole genome sequencing than at the start of the year. And Australia recently announced that they will reimburse whole exome or genome sequencing to identify the genetic cause of intellectual disabilities. These positive developments give us confidence in sustained long-term growth in this underpenetrated market.  
Turning to research. Sequencing runs show continued improvement and increased from an average of 65% in the second quarter to 82% in the third quarter compared to its pre-pandemic run volumes. We're encouraged to see researchers returning to their labs and reopening, and this level of improvement exceeded our expectations. 
Within research, we're seeing the role of NGS take shape in infectious disease. We believe the most likely near-term use case for sequencing is in research and surveillance for projects like Australia's first national COVID-19 tracking system, which aims to sequence the virus genomes of all positive COVID-19 tests in Australia and track COVID-19 using genomics across the country. 
NIH is also increasing its funding for understanding COVID-19 and the transmission pathway using genomic testing. We continue to believe COVID-19 testing will be primarily served by PCR and antigen tests, with NGS providing supplemental testing capacity. As such, we're not factoring in a material contribution to revenue in the fourth quarter from COVID-19 testing.  
On the population genomics front, we're seeing promising signs of progress. All of us received its IDE approval from the FDA in the second quarter, and as expected, samples started to flow from the biobank to partner genome centers. We expect the project to ramp in the fourth quarter and into 2021.  
During the third quarter, sequencing for the UK Biobank continued, and we expect levels to gradually return to normal and sequencing to continue into 2021. And we expect whole genome sequencing services for the NHS Genomic Medicine Service to commence later this quarter. Given the NHS' current focus on COVID, we expect this program to gradually ramp over the next few quarters.  
Perhaps one of the most resilient PopGen programs in the face of the pandemic has been the Million Veteran Program, or MVP. The project aims to provide insights on how genetics, lifestyle and military exposures affect health and illness and has recently expanded its targeted enrollment from 1 million to 2 million veterans. The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs through its sequencing partner, Personalis, expects to cross the 100,000 whole genome milestone before the end of the year. We believe these and other initiatives will expand our markets and create exciting new opportunities for Illumina. We are committed to continuing to lead through innovation with new product launches to support the markets and customers we serve, including NovaSeq 6000 version 1.5 reagents, which were launched during the third quarter. This release offers increased shelf life, improved quality scores, longer indices and most importantly, it makes a $600 genome more broadly available to help smaller labs be successful and provides additional incentives for labs to upgrade from HiSeq to NovaSeq. 
NovaSeq 6000 version 1.5 reagents have been extremely well received by our customers. For example, the Princess Máxima Center, the largest national pediatric oncology center in Europe was outsourcing its genome sequencing to a collaborator. But with the new reagents, they were able to purchase a NovaSeq and can now start to perform testing in-house. Meaning potentially care-altering genomic information will reach children with cancer faster and performed closer to the patient. The longer read lengths, combined with high-throughput scale, enabled a Canadian biotech company to adopt a NovaSeq 6000 for the development of antibody products for potential COVID-19 therapy. We're preparing to launch NextSeq 1000 this quarter. NextSeq 1000 enables lower throughput customers to adopt our newest platform as an entry point with the ability to field upgrade to the NextSeq 2000. 
We're also launching the P3 flow cell this quarter. Early access P3 customers, including academic core labs, are already using the flow cell for routine sequencing methods in midsized research projects to enable faster turnaround times. Other customers are using P3 to develop workflows in single cell, epigenetics and spatial transcriptomics. These are examples of how we continue to execute on our current and future plans throughout these challenging times to advance our mission and create long-term shareholder value.  
Now I'll hand the call over to Sam to discuss the third quarter financials.

Thanks, Sam. As the global leader for sequencing platforms and consumables, we've seen our products enabled groundbreaking research programs and transformative clinical tests that have the potential to shift the paradigm in patient care. One of the largest opportunities for patient impact and revenue potential for years to come is the ability for NGS to detect cancer early. 
Last month, we announced a definitive agreement to acquire GRAIL, and we expect the acquisition to close in the second half of 2021. We believe our planned acquisition of GRAIL will accelerate a new era of early cancer detection, transforming cancer survivability and opening up the largest clinical application of genomics we've seen. We look forward to welcoming our GRAIL colleagues to Illumina when the acquisition closes. 
Upon close, we expect to operate GRAIL as a division within Illumina. We remain committed to supporting all of Illumina's customers and ensuring that innovators who wish to develop NGS-based tests have continued access to our technologies.  
To conclude, the recovery of our business accelerated in the third quarter with significant sequencing consumables revenue growth compared to the second quarter of 2020, and we expect continued consumables growth in the fourth quarter.  
Importantly, we're also making good progress incorporating genomics into the standard of care in oncology therapy selection, NIPT and genetic disease testing. And most importantly, we believe that we're laying a strong foundation for Illumina's near and long-term growth.  
With that, we'll open the call up to Q&A.

Doug, yes, I think that's fair. If we look at how this quarter played out, it certainly played out better than we expected based on how the first few weeks of the quarter were looking. So what we saw over the course of the quarter was the acceleration in the recovery in terms of the sequencing activity in both our clinical and research customers. And so as we exited the quarter, I think we're at a new baseline that we will keep going into Q4. So I think it's fair to say that the recovery accelerated to create a new baseline for us going forward.

Yes, sure. So let me take both of those questions. So first, around the elasticity point associated with the launch of version 1.5 reagents. So what version 1.5 aim to do, and we saw the effect in the quarter, was really catalyze some of the smaller core labs by giving them access to the $600 genome. The larger labs already had access to the $600 genome, so this was really a release targeted to the smaller core labs. And the intent is to do 2 things: one, to unlock the elasticity in that part of the market. And so we saw customers that were thinking about bigger projects, we saw customers that are moving to in-source and I talked about an example of that in the prepared remarks. 
The other thing that this release was intended to do was catalyze an upgrade cycle in that segment of the market, the smaller core labs. And so we started to see examples of customers that were either on older instruments or didn't have, so they could be in HiSeq, for example, or they didn't have sequencers. And because of this release, they were able to buy a NovaSeq. Both of those dynamics. So catalyzing the elasticity of demand in terms of bigger projects as well as driving an upgrade cycle are dynamics we expect to continue to play out into Q4 and going into next year. 
As you know, typically, when we release a new price point into the market at a lower price point, initially, there is a bit of a headwind. In this case, though, we expect it to be very short, and that's how it's playing out, where very quickly, we're starting to see both of those positive dynamics start to play out.  
The second question you talked about was around instruments, and maybe I'll start, and Sam, you can add to it. I talked a little bit in the prepared remarks that we saw really good activity from an instrument perspective. We were really pleased that throughout the course of the year, Q2, we saw an increase in NovaSeq shipments compared to Q1. Q3 was bigger than Q2. And so we continue to see growth in NovaSeq shipments play out over the course of this year from the base of Q1, and we saw strong demand in the mid-throughput instruments, too. Maybe, Sam, I'll turn it over to you to provide more color.

Yes. So maybe I'll start, and then Sam can add some color, too. In terms of operating expenses, the -- our philosophy over the course of the year has been to review our operating expenses very closely. And one of the things we want to do is make sure we continue to protect the high-priority things that we were working on. So that includes our rich innovation pipeline, and so we've protected our projects associated with upcoming products as well as some long-term investments in the business. So we've protected those, but we've looked for other areas where we could make savings. Some of those sort of naturally played out with the course of the pandemic in the form of reduced travel, for example. And some of those, you're right, will come back next year. And so Sam will comment a little bit more about that. 
In terms of NIPT, obviously, it's a very regional story. But in the U.S., for example, you have a reasonably good penetration in terms of the women who are eligible for NIPT going to get it. So the majority of women who are eligible for the test do get it as part of their pregnancy. And so the opening up of that market in the average-risk segment does represent meaningful upside in terms of the actual demand for the test.

Yes. Thanks, Puneet. So I will start with your question around the potential restrictions in Europe, maybe even the U.S. As we mentioned on the prepared remarks, we're monitoring that closely. Obviously, we all want to see the pandemic get under control, but there are definitely some signs in Europe that there are some potential shutdowns taking place or at least additional restrictions. And so for Q4, we're monitoring that closely. We factored that in as we look forward in terms of our expectations for Q4. In fact, we said clinical sequencing activity in Q3 was 96% of prepandemic levels. Research was 82% of prepandemic levels. And we expect both of those to improve modestly partially because of the fact that we're really tracking kind of how this pandemic evolves in Q4 and not to improve more than that. 
With regards to your other point about customers being more adept, I do think they are getting a bit more adept in terms of learning to work and live with the virus. Not to say that they're not obviously very careful and cautious about that. But at the same time, when we look at, for instance, the number of labs that are now, based on our Q3 data, that are either completely open or in sort of some level of operation, it's about 90% of the labs compared to about 50% back in April. So that doesn't mean that there -- that 90% is all full systems ahead and they're all open, but there are either fully open or in restricted operations. It's about 90% of the total labs globally. So they are really gradually ratcheting back up, but in a cautious way. And that's what's factored into our expectations.

Yes. Let's start with All of Us. So for All of Us, we do expect the All of Us samples to start flowing to partner genome centers in Q4 and to start to see both sequencing and genotyping activity. From our perspective, the actual revenue contribution in Q4 we're expecting is modest, but it's a very important step because it then sets us up well for All of Us to ramp up more meaningfully going into next year. And so it means that the [ actual ] process has been set up, the workflow has been set up and the machine is going, if you like. And so again, modest contribution in Q4, but that's a big step and sets us up, we believe, well going into next year. And then, Sam, maybe you can talk about China?

If you look at oncology, I mean, I think you bring up a really important point. I think one of the tragedies associated with the pandemic is that there are people who frankly aren't going in to get screened for cancer. And so they're walking out with cancer developing. I think there are sort of 2 dynamics that will play out. One is there will be, at some point, to catch-up, right? Unfortunately, for those individuals, it means that cancer has progressed. But whether that plays out in Q4 or next year, there will be a catch-up associated with people who haven't had their diagnosis yet. 
In addition, the other dynamic that's playing out is we're seeing that blood-based tests are actually doing better through the course of the pandemic. So if we look at how the market is playing out, the service providers that offer blood-based tests have a proof that their business is more resilient through the pandemic than the service providers that do tissue-based analysis. 
And so I think one of the things that's playing out through the course of the pandemic is you're starting to see an acceleration of blood as a sample type for cancer testing. So you're seeing an acceleration in the growth of liquid biopsies, which we think is a durable dynamic, and it's not just as a result of the pandemic, but we think that will continue to play out in the coming years.

Yes. So let me please touch on both, and then Sam can add some color. If we -- so on GRAIL, yes, we are expecting the deal to close in the second half of 2021 as we go through the regulatory process. We've talked a little bit about the dilution associated with GRAIL. But frankly, we'll have more information for you as the deal closes. And again, that's the second half of 2021. 
In terms of the instrument placements, we -- obviously, you're right, it is a razor blade model. And that's why it's important -- and that's why we're so encouraged by the recovery we're seeing in instruments placements after we got out of Q1. And so the strength in NovaSeq placements through Q2, Q3, and certainly, the pipeline as we walk into Q4, is very important. 
Similarly, the strength that we're seeing in the mid-throughput part of the portfolio, specifically, NextSeq, both the new NextSeq 2000 as well as the 500 and the Dx boxes are a good sign for us as we look going into next year.

Yes. So let me talk about the GRAIL studies. The -- the answer is we don't expect the PATHFINDER study to provide substantially different performance data than we have seen so far. And the reason for that is that GRAIL has done a number of other large-scale studies. So the CCGA study had 15,000 people enrolled in the study. The second phase of that study was a prospective study, an all-comer study. And so given the size of the studies they've done, with the same test, the performance that they've published externally is based on statistically significant data. And so we didn't expect the PATHFINDER data to reveal anything different. And in fact, before we signed the deal, we had a small group of people look at some of the early results -- of the midterm results associated with PATHFINDER. And while we won't talk broadly about it, they're generally consistent with what we expected. And so we don't expect, when the final study results get published next year, them to be significantly different from the performance characteristics that you've seen so far. What was the second part of that question?

Yes. So STRIVE is a prospective study. It's 100,000 women, and it's fully enrolled about 18 months ago. So it's, again, pretty far down its path. And again, similarly, given the size of the studies that have gone before, we expect this to be further validation in terms of the performance characteristics and not significantly different.

Yes. It's a good question. And as we look at where we are with those population studies now, I'll touch on sort of the 4 big ones, right? So it's the UK Biobank, the Million Veterans, All of Us and the U.K. NHS. And where we are now is that, walking into next year, the majority of them have already been stood up, and it's a matter of just either getting back to where they were, which is, for example, the UK Biobank, or just ramping up volumes of samples. That's a much better place to be than we were last year, for example, where all of us still had to get FDA approval and then work out the workflows to get the samples flowing to its partner genome centers. 
And so if I look at all of them, the UK Biobank, it actually -- they entered the year sequencing at high capacity. They pulled back in March because of the pandemic, and they're starting to ramp back up going into next year. And so assuming conditions are good, we have high confidence in their ability to ramp up quickly. 
We talked about the fact that the Million Veteran Program has been remarkably resilient over the course of the year, and in fact, has increased its scope over the course of this year. 
All of Us, we see samples will start flowing in Q4. And so really, it is all about just scaling up next year, which is a pretty good place to be in terms of actually getting it going. 
And then the U.K. NHS, for this year, has been on hold primarily as the NHS has been dealing with the pandemic testing that they're doing. But they are expected also to start sequencing later this quarter. And so that puts us, we believe, in a good position to start to see the scale-up going into next year. 
So across all 4, we feel really good that as we end this year, all of them will be in a position where they are processing samples and ready to scale up and deal with the pent-up demand that they've had.

Yes, sure, David. So maybe I'll -- I'll start with [ single ]. As we entered this year, we talked about the fact that the clinical business represents just under half of our sequencing consumables. But we also talked about the fact that, that part of our business is growing significantly faster than the research side of our business. And so you should expect those lines to cross. And once they cross, they aren't going back. That sequencing consumables from the clinical business is going to be the majority of our sequencing consumables, both in dollars and in growth going forward. 
Of those sequencing consumables from the clinic, oncology testing for therapy selection represents the biggest part of that market. And so we haven't -- you should expect that to continue going forward. We haven't given long-term numbers there, but you should expect that to continue to be the biggest part of the sequencing of tools in the clinic going forward. 
We do expect, for a number of reasons, to continue to see the migration from hotspots to larger panels. And frankly, from not just us, but the smaller panels to larger panels, too. And that's driven by a number of things, including the increasing use of TMB as a biomarker for therapies. And so if you look at what happened with Keytruda, for example, in the last few months, that continues to add momentum to say it's not enough just to look at gene hotspots to prescribe a therapy, but you need to look at things like TMB. And that will require the use of larger panels. And so you pick that, you take the fact that you're seeing -- and I talked about ESMO, for example, you're seeing momentum in guidelines to use biomarkers like TMB, and all of that will continue to drive momentum to the larger panels, which will then drive more sequencing and we'll make oncology testing grow even faster and therefore, be a bigger component of the sequencing consumable revenue going forward.

Yes. So maybe I'll start with sort of a qualitative view, and maybe we can work our way through that. So when we talked about sort of the multiyear upgrade opportunity for NovaSeqs, there is this next segment that we're activating starting with the version 1.5 reagents, which is the smaller core labs. They are the ones that are still primarily still using the HiSeqs. And frankly, they haven't had the volume to justify the upgrade because you need volume to see the benefits associated with the consumables' drop in cost. So 1.5 now changes the economics for them, and that's the segment of the customer base that we're looking to activate. So in a while, in terms of the number of instruments there, maybe I'll turn it over to you, Sam, to give us some color on that.