Good morning. Thank you, Christina, and welcome, everyone. We delivered record sales and adjusted earnings in the holiday quarter, highlighted by an inflection at Kate Spade, ongoing momentum at Coach and a return to prepandemic revenue levels at Stuart Weitzman. Importantly, we realized the significant acceleration in sales trends, driving strong double-digit growth over prepandemic levels and well outpacing our expectations across brand.  
We took bold and deliberate actions to deliver for our customers and effectively navigated industry-wide challenges to meet increasing demand for our brands. These results are a testament to the significant transformation of our business, the strong consumer backdrop and engagement with our categories, and the ingenuity and agility of our teams across the globe. We are a different company than we were just 18 months ago, backed by the strength of our unique brands and the benefits of our multibrand platform.
Now turning to the highlights from the second quarter. We continued to make meaningful progress against the acceleration program by sharpening our focus on the consumer, leveraging data to lead with a digital-first mindset and working with speed and agility. First, we maintained a consumer-centric lens by utilizing our customer data and analytics capabilities to enhance engagement, resulting in improvements to key customer metrics. We acquired nearly 3 million new customers who transacted with our brands across channels in North America, a low double-digit increase compared to the prior year with growth in both stores and online.  
This brings total new customer acquisition to over 11 million over the past 18 months. Importantly, in each brand, we're increasing retention rates and reactivating lapsed customers effectively as we continue to prioritize driving customer lifetime value to fuel sustained growth. 
Second, we advanced our digital capabilities through significant investments in the channel to improve the customer experience and drive conversion. We realized another quarter of outperformance with sales up approximately 30% versus last year, nearly 3x prepandemic levels. Digital sales represented 1/3 of our total business as customers continued to shop online even as in-store traffic trends improved. Given strong consumer engagement in this channel and the power of our platform, we expect digital to reach $2 billion in revenue in this fiscal year with further runway ahead. 
Third, we again increased global AUR at each of our brands, reflecting the power of our brands, the traction of our compelling product assortment and our innovative marketing. In addition, we've benefited from the infusion of data into our decision-making to streamline our offering and tailor messaging to consumers. This has resulted in lower promotions and higher SKU productivity while also helping to identify opportunities to strategically raise prices to offset inflation. 
And fourth, we invested further in our China platform to foster distinctive connections and engagement with Chinese consumers. In the quarter, revenue on the Mainland rose mid-single digits, representing an increase of over 35% compared to fiscal year '20 despite disruption associated with COVID, including travel restrictions, traffic pressure and lockdowns in certain cities.  
Greater China revenue rose high single digits in the quarter. Importantly, we continued to resonate with the Chinese consumer globally as sales for this cohort rose low single digits against prepandemic levels. 
In the quarter, sales growth in China was fueled by digital as we continue to innovate and meet consumers where they want to shop. As such, we've expanded our presence on social media platforms while maintaining leadership positions on Tmall and TikTok even as new brands have launched on the platform, highlighting our prominence in the market and strong brand engagement, specifically with younger consumers. In fact, we achieved record sales during 11/11 on Tmall's Luxury Pavilion with Coach as the #1 ranked brand in the handbags, luggage and leather goods category and Stuart Weitzman as the #1 ranked footwear brand.  
Looking forward, while we anticipate volatility in the near term due to the pandemic, we remain confident that China represents a meaningful long-term opportunity across our brand. This was reinforced by our recent China brand tracking survey results, which showed handbags and small leather goods as a category where consumers intend to spend more over the next 12 months.  
I will now touch on second quarter highlights for each of our brands, starting with Coach. We again outperformed expectations, delivering 24% sales growth compared to last year. Revenue trends accelerated on a 2-year basis, increasing 20% above prepandemic level. This strong growth was enabled by the foundational changes we've made to ensure the consumer remains at the forefront of our strategy. As a result, Coach achieved its highest quarter revenue and profitability in nearly 10 years. The brand continues to gain traction with consumers globally across categories and genders, further increasing our confidence in the runway ahead.  
During the quarter, Coach made progress against its strategic initiatives. First, we remain focused on building iconic families to create a foundation for our product pipeline in future seasons. Our core assortment, notably the Tabby, Willow and Field continue to drive our performance. At the same time, newly launched styles, including the Studio bag, and reinvigorated icons, such as the Rogue, resonated with our customer base.  
Second, we further infused data into our decision-making to more effectively address the functional and emotional needs of our clients. This enabled a significant pullback in promotions and drove full-price selling, resulting in an increase in global handbag AUR. In North America, handbag AUR rose low double digits, marking the region's 11th consecutive quarter of gain. Our momentum and the customers' response to the style and craftsmanship of our product reinforces Coach's pricing power and the further opportunity to increase prices to offset inflationary cost pressures.  
Third, we emphasize the brand's values through approachable messaging, highlighted by our inclusive holiday campaign. In addition, we connected with all audiences through the authentic recreation of Jennifer Lopez's iconic "All I Have" music video, which resulted in strong social engagement. 
Our marketing initiatives were rounded out by the unique storytelling moments created by our successful Ski capsule, including popup cabins at Rockefeller Center, a custom-branded virtual game and our first foray into the NFT world featuring characters from the collection, which were claimed in seconds.  
Overall, these actions helped to drive strong customer metrics, including the acquisition of over 1.5 million new customers transacting in North America. At the same time, purchase frequency again rose, and we reactivated lapsed customers at an increasing rate.  
Fourth, we again drove strong revenue growth in the digital channel, which rose over 30% compared to last year and has nearly quadrupled since fiscal year '20. We maintained this momentum even as store trends improved, underscoring the long-term opportunity for our online business.  
Fifth, we delivered mid-single-digit sales growth in China or an increase of nearly 45% against prepandemic levels. This improvement was led by outperformance in digital. At the same time, we continued to invest in our physical presence. 
In keeping with our focus on growing the brand with the emerging middle class, we're adding approximately 10 new Coach stores in the region this year on a net basis, primarily in Tier 3 and 4 cities. We're also renovating key storefronts and expanding our footprints in nontraditional locations to build awareness, particularly with younger consumers.  
Sixth and finally, we drove double-digit growth in our men's business with notable success in our Horse & Carriage pattern. We believe men has runway in bags and small leathergoods as well as in broader lifestyle categories, increasing our conviction in reaching $1 billion in revenue at high margins over the planning horizon.  
In summary, we're combining Coach's iconic history of quality and craftsmanship with new and innovative initiatives to engage with consumers. The continued outperformance of the brand is a direct reflection of the advantages of the Tapestry platform, the benefits of the strategic investments we're making in marketing and our ability to meet the consumer where they want to shop. We're driving sustainable [indiscernible] Coach approaching $5 billion in sales in fiscal year '22 while maintaining exceptional margins.  
Now moving to Kate Spade. Before I turn to the details of the second quarter, I'd like to take a step back to acknowledge the significant transformation and tangible improvements the team has made through the acceleration program. 
Over the last 18 months, we've returned Kate Spade to the brand our customers know and love. We've rebuilt our product foundation through the introduction and amplification of brand codes, which will serve as the platform for future icons. At the same time, we're maintaining a consumer-centric lens and infusing data into assortment planning and marketing.  
In North America, we acquired nearly 5 million new customers and have improved brand awareness. We've also reactivated over 2 million customers during this time frame. In addition, we increased overall digital sales penetration to over 35% as of the most recent quarter as we focus on meeting the customer where they want to shop. 
And in keeping with the progress we've made to deliver great products, we've grown the brand's global handbag AUR highlighting pricing power for the future. Our work has fueled increasing momentum, giving us further confidence in the long-term opportunity for meaningful sales and market share growth.  
Moving to our second quarter. Kate Spade sales grew 33% compared to last year. Importantly, we drove a significant inflection against prepandemic levels and realized an 18-point sequential acceleration. At the same time, the brand delivered operating margin expansion ahead of both prior year and prepandemic level. 
These results were fueled by the successful execution of our strategic priorities. First, we maintained a consumer-centric approach, resulting in approximately 1.3 million new customers purchasing with the brand across North America direct channel. At the same time, we continue to drive strong double-digit growth in both existing and reactivated customers by utilizing data to gain a deeper understanding of customer preferences and purchase drivers.  
Second, we amplified key platforms as we continued to build and innovate our core product offering, notably our Knott and spade flower jacquard again outperformed expectations. In addition, newly introduced core styles resonated with the consumer, including our Carlyle family in a houndstooth pattern, which brought in a new and younger customer. Importantly, the strong performance of the core offering as well as deliberate actions to decrease promotional activity resulted in low double-digit global handbag AUR growth.  
Third, we drove brand heat through activity centered around increasing engagement with the consumer while reinforcing our brand values to surprise and delight customers. This included new and exciting experiential initiatives, such as opening a disco truck in Downtown Manhattan, offering an exclusive jacquard handbag at a pop-up in Tokyo, and wrapping some of London's cabs in our signature spade flower. 
Further, in keeping with the brand heritage, we continue to invest in novelty platforms to maximize our emotional connection with shoppers. The sequin-embellished slice pizza bag at an AUR of over $300 was a top novelty performer, and a hit across our social media accounts. Overall, these activities to increase brand heat are paying off with growing brand awareness per our most recent U.S. brand tracking survey.  
Fourth, we maximized our lifestyle positioning through a focused assortment, including occasion options across ready-to-wear footwear and jewelry that were embellished with emotional details such as pearls and rhinestone bows. Overall, these categories outperformed expectations and helped to boost customer acquisition and engagement as lifestyle remains an important driver of purchase frequency.  
Finally, we're building on the brand's already strong digital presence. We've continued to test and learn new ways to foster consumer engagement, such as the infusion of shoppable content through key social media platforms. Our innovative online approach backed by the passionate Kate Spade community helped to drive approximately 30% revenue growth in the channel compared to last year or double prepandemic level.  
Over the past year, we've rebuilt the brand foundation. These fundamental adjustments are taking hold and unlocking the next phase of growth for Kate Spade. We're continuing to lean into our iconic roots, infusing our recently introduced brand codes and delivering strong marketing aligned with our product and values. We are incredibly excited for the opportunity ahead and remain confident in our ability to achieve $2 billion in revenue and high-teens operating margins over the planning horizon.  
Turning to Stuart Weitzman. The brand drove significant trend improvements in the holiday quarter, highlighted by 37% revenue growth compared to last year and a return to prepandemic sales levels. In addition, we delivered improving operating profit with operating margin expanding over 250 basis points. 
We continued to advance our overall growth strategies in the second quarter. First and importantly, the Stuart Weitzman team delivered the brand's highest quarter of operating income since fiscal year '18. This progress was fueled by the strategic actions we've taken through the acceleration program, notably optimizing our fleet globally, improving our digital foundation and reestablishing our presence with wholesale partners.  
Second, we remain focused on digital in China, areas that represent significant long-term growth opportunities. In the quarter, digital sales rose over 35%, representing an increase of approximately 70% compared to 2 years ago at attractive margins. For Mainland China, we delivered growth on both a 1- and 2-year basis.  
Third, we maintained a consumer-centric strategy by infusing data analytics into assortment planning and capitalizing on market shifts to buy now, wear now styles and dress and occasion wear. This drove the recruitment of new customers at an increasing rate, while continuing to reengage and reactivate clients.  
Fourth, we drove brand heat by sparking desire through our product assortment backed by engaging marketing, which featured Kate Hudson for the holiday campaign. We built upon our authority in boots and booties with outperformance in the Norah and Stuart. We also infused newness into our icons, including updated constructions of the LIFT and the introduction of our NUDISTCURVE. 
Our compelling assortment, coupled with higher full price sell-throughs and a reduction in promotional activity drove our second consecutive quarter of AUR growth. Going forward, we see continued opportunity to increase prices while maintaining our positioning within the overall market.  
And fifth, the brand continued to regain momentum in the wholesale channel, notably with key domestic full-price partners. Overall, we're making continued progress at Stuart Weitzman and remain on track to drive strong revenue growth with a return to profitability this fiscal year. 
In closing, our strong holiday results across each of our brands support the higher revenue and earnings outlook provided today. Importantly, the outperformance we've delivered is a direct reflection of our consumer-centric strategy as we continue to grow our data and consumer insights capabilities to enable increasingly powerful customer engagement. Our momentum also highlights the incredible execution of our team and the agility of our platform as we've successfully navigated the volatile backdrop.  
We're continuing to offer compelling and innovative products, underscored by the increased traction and pricing power of each of our brands. I'm confident in the long-term potential of our multibrand portfolio and look forward to sharing our continued progress as we move forward. 
With that, I'll turn it over to Scott, who will discuss our financial results, capital deployment priorities and fiscal '22 outlook. Scott?

Certainly, Bob. We delivered standout results and a significant inflection in Kate Spade in the second quarter. That was driven by product, people and our focus on the consumer. And Q2 has strengthened our confidence in the long-term opportunity we see to build Kate Spade to be a $2 billion brand. And I do want to recognize the team for the work over the past 18 months. They've leveraged our Tapestry Platform and the acceleration program to rebuild the foundation of the brand, returning Kate Spade to the brand our customers love.  
And just a few highlights on the second quarter. Sales growth of 33% in the second quarter, 16% above prepandemic levels. That was an 18-point sequential improvement, so a significant inflection. And we're doing that with stronger operating margins ahead of both last year and prepandemic levels. 
We're continuing to build on the digital strength in the brand with 30% growth there, nearly double prepandemic level. We're acquiring new customers, 1.3 million new customers in the quarter, and we're reactivating -- importantly, reactivating lapsed customers back to the brand. And also importantly, we saw low double-digit increase in global handbag AUR, which shows the power of the product offering that we're building. 
The team has been focused on building and amplifying key platforms. We've called out the Knott and spade flower, which continue to perform, and new styles like the Carlyle that are bringing in new customers. These are resonating, and we're seeing higher full-price selling across our assortments. 
And I would also add, importantly, we're also seeing growing brand awareness in our consumer research. So a lot to be excited about at Kate Spade. Kate Spade has a unique position in the market, and we are confident in the ability to achieve $2 billion in revenue at high-teens margins over our planning horizon.

Scott, I think you're on mute. Let me -- you got it?

Yes, we can hear you now.

Yes. And I'll add to that, Ike, that our outlook raised our sales expectations for the year. We still expect double-digit increases in the back half of the year and strong double digits across the board across brands for the year in '22, delivering record sales levels at $6.75 billion so continue to expect top line to perform.

Yes. We have fundamentally transformed our business to strengthen our engagement with the consumer in this channel, and you can see that in our results. We are meeting our customers where they choose to engage and shop. And that's really been delivering results. We've invested in capabilities, including in talent to power the work here and drive better consumer experiences across our digital platforms. As you mentioned, we're approaching $2 billion in business. We reached 1/3 of our business in the holiday quarter, which is triple prepandemic level. So seeing a lot of traction here, and we continue to see new customer growth in these channels. So we feel great about the growth both from the revenue standpoint but also from the customer profile, the new customers, the younger customers that we're increasingly attracting to our brands.  
And we're also seeing this digital business as accretive to our margins as digital margins are higher than the respective brick-and-mortar. So that $2 billion represents a margin benefit to us but also represents an opportunity because, at $2 billion, it's less than 1/3 of our business on an annualized basis, and we think it can go higher from here. So we feel very optimistic about our digital business and continue to invest in those capabilities. 
And then to your question about stores, we also believe that stores represent an important touch point for our brands. And consumers are shopping across channels. We did see improvement in store trends this quarter. At the same time, we continued to deliver strong growth in digital. So as customer shopping behaviors are changing, we're investing behind those experiences and those omnichannel experiences that make that a great touch point for our customers, and it's an important touch point for our brand. We have been focused on driving higher productivity and profitability across our store fleet. And even though our traffic levels in store business overall hasn't exceeded prepandemic levels, our margins in our store fleet have exceeded prepandemic levels. So we've done the work to ensure we're driving more profitability and more productivity out of our store fleet, and we continue to invest in great experiences for our consumers across all channels.

Well, let me start with China, and then I'll touch on the opportunity for Kate, but we did deliver growth in China in the second quarter on both a 1- and a 2-year basis. And we remain confident in the long-term potential that market represents. We see lots of runway ahead in that market. In Q2, we delivered growth 35% ahead of prepandemic levels, and we delivered growth with Chinese consumers globally. And that's been fueled by digital, significant innovation on existing and new platforms. And we see strong engagement with -- particularly with the younger consumer in the market. So continued innovation, strong business, continued growth, fueled by digital in the market. 
We do expect some COVID-related pressure in the near term. We're seeing pockets of COVID pressure now, and we expect pressure in the near term, including some of the travel restrictions and lockdowns we mentioned in certain cities. But we continue to believe that China represents that compelling long-term growth opportunity for Tapestry in all of our brands. And a couple of data points. The Chinese consumer has proven to be incredibly resilient throughout this pandemic. And the research that we've done in the market indicates strong brand affinity with our brand. We delivered record sales with the #1 ranking on Tmall for both Coach and Stuart Weitzman in their respective categories. We also see strong purchase intent in our category over the next 12 months, and our brands are well positioned. We're targeting the fast-growing and emerging middle class, and we're executing strategies to drive sustainable growth. And we see that opportunity across all brands. 
I would say Kate Spade right now is very small in China. Our focus has been on the North America and Japan markets, the core markets for Kate Spade. And as we get that brand moving, we see opportunity to drive growth in China in the future. But to give a little more color -- I may toss it to Todd to give a little more color about what we're seeing in China with the Coach brand, where we're having -- continued to have success.

Thanks, Oliver. There's a lot there. I'll start with pricing and move to the Metaverse and then to ESG. So on pricing, across brands, we represent compelling value in the market. We deliver beautiful quality product at great prices. We do see the market moving higher, and we've had success in driving AUR. We see AUR as an opportunity across our brands. We saw that in the second quarter where we drove AUR higher across all of our brands. And we've had sustainable growth at Coach, which is notable. And we're driving AUR increases through product innovation with this disciplined promotional activity and really through our transformation efforts that I've called out. 
And consumers continue to recognize the value we're delivering. We do see further runway. We think it's sustainable. We see runway to leverage price increases to offset inflation while maintaining our market positioning and delivering compelling value for our customers, which is our overarching goal. And we talked about the transformation efforts and the sustainability of these results, but we are using data to improve our assortment planning. We're seeing increased SKU productivity, lower discounting. We're not relying on promotions. We're seeing the pricing power happen across brands. Maybe I'll toss it to Todd to talk a little bit about what you're seeing at Coach, where we've had an amazing track record of success but continue to see runway, and then I'll pick up the ESG and Metaverse question. Todd?

Yes, and I'll just add, the work we're doing with NFTs right now is an example of how we think about innovation. We're always testing new ways to engage with consumers. We're testing and learning how they engage with NFTs, how it drives consumer loyalty. So we're experimenting, and we'll see where the customer takes it as we learn more about NFTs.
And on ESG, I appreciate the question. ESG is important to our company and all of our brands. We have a program called Our Social Fabric that's been part of the fabric of our company, and it's focused on 3 pillars: it's focused on our people, our planet and our communities. And we continue to drive progress -- we have stated goals, and we continue to drive progress behind goals in all of those categories. I am pleased to report that we just released our corporate responsibility report just published. I think it goes into a lot of detail at some of the progress we've been making across all 3. 
I'll just hit a couple of highlights. We announced a bold commitment to tie 10% of our leadership incentive comp to our progress on EI&D. We are committed to making progress on these objectives, and we are making progress. I know you know we established $50 million Tapestry Foundation to support some of those initiatives, and we recently launched a founding partner with FIT in their Social Justice Center to also improve EI&D in our industry. So we're focused on in our company but also in our industry. 
On the planet, we've recently announced a partnership with Savory Institute on regenerative leather, supporting our biodiversity objectives. We signed on to the science-based target initiatives to -- with a goal of net zero by 2050 at the latest. And we're making progress on our renewable energy goals as well as our sourcing and traceability. So that continues to be a strong focus of the company. 
And then within our communities, I'm very proud of the volunteer work and the service that we are doing. All of our associates are super engaged. In this, we provided 1 paid volunteer day for our associates to get involved with their communities. It was an objective of meeting our $100,000 volunteer -- 100,000 volunteer service hour goal, and we are far along, and it's driving a lot of pride across our teams. Our teams really appreciate the fact that we support their efforts to focus on the community, and they're proud to work for a company and be working towards not only the improvement of our business, but something much bigger than that. So ESG is very important for our company, and we're making progress.

So thanks, Mark. We have seen a lot of success in digital, and we're seeing strong returns on the investments we are making. There is a technology component to this, and it combines both our digital and our data and analytics capabilities. We have a strong technology foundation that allows us to adopt new technologies and new innovations quickly. So embedding data and analytics into our processes in a more robust way is helping drive conversion. It's helping drive our marketing as well, the platform and foundation we're investing in, and that's helping us with performance, and we've seen improvement. 
This holiday quarter, our digital business grew 30%, I call it strength on strength, but we did that, and we delivered a much better experience for our consumers. And we saw our customer satisfaction scores increase significantly across the holiday quarter with the changes we're making. So it's impacting the experience. It's impacting our results and conversion, but I also -- the talent that we're building and, to your point, those investments are increasingly in talent and having the teams that are helping drive this innovation, and they're doing great work. I would say innovation is the final piece that is powering our business. And we're very focused on moving with speed to be where our customers are. 
And you can see the innovation we're delivering on those spaces being on new platforms and innovating quickly. We were -- in China, we were the first fashion brand to be -- to have a commercial site on TikTok. We remain #1 on TikTok and Tmall there. We have shoppable content across social media platforms. And even the NFTs that we talked about earlier is a sign of how we think about innovation, testing and learning and moving quickly to be with our customer and stay close to our customer. So that is the focus of the investments, and we're seeing strong returns.

Thanks, Brooke. We continue to see strong customer acquisition across all of our brands. So the 3 million new customers across all of our brands, that's 8 -- 11 million new customers over the last 18 months. So we have been focused on a consumer/customer acquisition as part of our brand-building activities, again, structurally transformed our business to focus on improving our ability to engage consumers. And we see it paying off there. 
We're doing that with innovative marketing. We're showing up on the platforms where our customers are. So first, it's getting to know and getting closer to our target consumers, knowing where they are and making sure we're speaking to them and connecting with them. These are customers who are transacting with us. So we -- these are customers who we've not only seen our marketing and our product, but they're buying from us and purchasing. So it's a combination of knowing our consumers, understanding and delivering great product that delivers on both their emotional and functional needs. So we're better embedding data in that side of the process. And then in marketing, we've been much more innovative in our marketing. We've connected with this test-and-learn process where we have cross-functional teams in the business ideating and testing consistently against hypothesis, but the things that work are being scaled. And that's how we're driving all of this traction with customer acquisition. And frankly, we're applying the same retention and repurchase rates and repeat rates and reactivation. So we can -- we are a data-rich company, over 90% direct-to-consumer. And we're leveraging that data using new tools and technology that we've invested in. Again, we continue to invest in talent that are driving both the creative side of the equation as well as the technical side to be in front of customers where they are and connect with them and speak to their values and the things that will be purchase drivers. So those are the drivers. The new customers that we're seeing are increasingly younger across our brands, and we think it provides a strong foundation for future growth.

Well, at Kate, we've seen tremendous traction. And we do have specialty and outlet stores. We're seeing traction across both. But the growth we're seeing has really been driven by our full price, and we are very excited about what we're seeing there. We expect to raise AUR, and we're seeing AUR growth across channels, but -- and we have a high digital penetration. So I think if you look at the Kate Spade business in aggregate, we see a compelling value in the marketplace, delivering great product. We see unique positioning in the market, and we see customers responding across channels. But our growth and the growth that we're seeing and the traction that we're seeing is increasingly in the specialty channel in retail, a lot of the engagement and the novelty that we're seeing across social media channels as well is driving that emotional connection to the Kate Spade consumer. So Kate Spade has a tremendous runway ahead for growth. We're seeing traction across channels, particularly in our specialty channel. And we're very confident and see a lot of opportunity for growth ahead, both in absolute and in AUR.

Well, I thank you all for joining us this morning. Through our acceleration program, we've radically transformed our business model, and it's delivering. We drove record sales and adjusted earnings during the holiday quarter with outperformance across each brand. We've increased our outlook for the year, which includes raising fiscal '22 or '22 revenue outlook to a record at $6.75 billion with Coach approaching $5 billion, an inflection at Kate Spade, digital revenue reaching $2 billion, and our fiscal '22 outlook that is 40% above prepandemic levels. 
These results also support our strong returns. We expect to return over $1.5 billion to shareholders this year. And our teams are powering these results. They are our competitive advantage, and I want to recognize and thank them for the standout performance. Their relentless drive and unwavering focus on the consumer will build on our strong foundation and deliver sustainable growth into the future. Thank you.