Good morning. Thank you, Christina, and welcome, everyone. We delivered standout results in fiscal 2021, a transformational year for Tapestry.  
We are a fundamentally different company today than we were just 1 year ago. Through our Acceleration Program, we reached new customers in new ways and effectively adapted to a rapidly changing environment. Our success is a testament to our powerful brands and talented teams.  
We achieved many strategic milestones this year, which have strengthened our organization. We've sharpened our focus on the consumer and clarified the unique positioning of each of our brands. This drove improvements in key customer metrics, including recruitment, retention and reactivation.  
We enhanced our digital capabilities, highlighted by our global e-commerce channel, a margin-accretive business for Tapestry, reaching approximately $1.6 billion in revenue, nearly doubling versus prior year and over $1 billion ahead of pre-pandemic levels. This was fueled by the acquisition of nearly 4 million new customers in North America alone, including a growing number of millennial and Gen Z consumers. And we sustained double-digit e-commerce sales growth in the fourth quarter even as we lapped more difficult comparisons online.  At the same time, we drove continued sequential sales improvement for our global store fleet, with operating margins that were once again above pre-pandemic levels.  
We further strengthened our positioning in China, which still has tremendous runway, supported by the growth of the rising middle class. In fact, Tapestry's business in Greater China reached $1.1 billion in sales this fiscal year, led by over 60% growth on the Mainland. At the same time, we grew our business with Chinese consumers globally, increasing at a high single-digit rate as compared to pre-pandemic levels.  
We successfully leveraged data and analytics, embedding capabilities across the company to enhance our understanding of the customer, increase responsiveness and drive faster, more effective decision-making. This has underpinned our ability to optimize the assortment planning process, lower SKU counts by 40% to 45% and reduced promotional activity, supporting higher AUR and gross margin as well as improved inventory turns.  
We also embraced new ways of working with a leaner operating model and more empowered teams. This resulted in $200 million of gross expense savings in fiscal year '21, which funded investments in areas such as digital and marketing to fuel our continued growth as well as our purpose-led initiatives to accelerate and amplify our work within our social fabric to affect positive change for our industry and stakeholders.  
Importantly, the traction of our strategy is clearly evidenced by our financial performance, including the achievement of record operating margin at Tapestry, Inc. as well as operating income and EPS growth versus both FY '20 and FY '19 in each quarter of the year. We also exceeded pre-pandemic sales in the fourth quarter, representing an important financial milestone. In addition, we generated $1.2 billion of free cash flow and ended the year in a strong cash position while reducing our leverage through organic profit growth and the paydown of the company's revolver.  
Given our strong financial position and underlying business trends, our Board of Directors approved the reinstatement of our capital return programs, with a plan to return over $750 million to shareholders through both dividend and share repurchases in fiscal year '22. These actions underscore our conviction in Tapestry's ability to drive long-term growth, along with our commitment to enhancing value for our stakeholders. Scott will discuss our capital allocation priorities in more detail shortly.  
Now let me touch on our results and strategies for Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman. Coach, our largest brand, led Tapestry, outperforming in each quarter of the year. The brand fueled momentum through innovation across consumer touch points, driving engagement with new and existing customers.  
During the fourth quarter, Coach revenue rose 117% versus prior year, outpacing pre-pandemic levels of sales by 2%, a meaningful achievement given the volatile backdrop. In addition, we delivered significant profitability enhancements during the fiscal year, resulting in operating income increases of 67% on a 1-year basis and 14% on a 2-year basis. This outstanding performance was the result of both gross margin expansion and SG&A leverage, reflecting strategic actions and structural changes we've made to sustain long-term growth.  
Throughout the fiscal year, we made significant progress at Coach against the pillars of our multiyear growth agenda. First, we deepened our engagement with consumers by leaning into our brand values of inclusivity and authenticity to drive increased recruitment and reactivation. In addition, through the launch of our loyalty program in North America and more targeted marketing, we drove significant gains in the number of repeat transactions.  
Second, we created innovative, unique and compelling product to meet the needs of our target consumer segment. We are building enduring icons that create a foundation for our product pipeline in future seasons. This was evidenced by the recent success of newness within the Tabby family, including our Pillow and mini versions. In addition, we saw continued strength in our signature platforms across an expanded assortment of refreshed styles, highlighting desirability for the brand. 
Third, we drove triple-digit sales growth in our digital channels on both a 1- and 2-year basis, led by new customer recruitment. During the fiscal year, we acquired nearly 2.5 million new Coach customers through our digital channels in North America alone, a meaningful increase versus prior year. Importantly, we sustained strong momentum in the fourth quarter even as we comped our digital initiatives and the initial uplift in e-com sales that occurred during the pandemic in the prior year, highlighting continued opportunity in the channel.  
Fourth, we accelerated growth in China by leveraging our foundation in the country, which resulted in over 60% revenue growth on the Mainland in fiscal year '21 with strength across channels. This performance reflected our integrated and comprehensive brand-building strategies, including investments in marketing, innovative products and a continued focus on digital channels. Most recently, we hosted our live-streamed fashion show in Shanghai, which was extremely well received and highlights our commitment to the Chinese consumer.  
Finally, we enhanced profitability to realize an operating margin of over 31%. This performance was driven by higher gross margin, which reached nearly 74% through a focus on streamlining our offering, sharpening our merchandising efforts and reducing SKU counts by approximately 45%. These initiatives resulted in global handbag AUR growth in each quarter of the fiscal year. In fact, in the fourth quarter, our handbag AUR rose high single digits globally, led by particular strength in North America. In addition, we made structural changes to SG&A, including our fleet optimization efforts.  
Looking ahead to fiscal year '22, our goals are to increase market share in our core handbag and small leather goods categories through a combination of AUR and unit growth by continuing to develop the brand's iconic families, approachable and inclusive messaging and consistent global positioning; invest and grow in digital while delivering differentiated and compelling omnichannel experiences; continue to drive growth in China with key initiatives to capitalize on market trends of the emerging middle class and increased digitalization; and grow men's by expanding lifestyle, building brand awareness and increasing our presence in Asia in keeping with our ambition to deliver over $1 billion in revenue in this category over our planning horizon.  
In summary, Coach is both a remarkable 80-year history and a bright future. We are confident that the deliberate actions we've taken to improve the foundation of the brand, including the realization of higher AUR and stronger margins, are sustainable over the long term as revenue continues to inflect. We're continuing to improve on the momentum we've built to drive market share gains at sustainably high margins in fiscal '22 and beyond.  
Now moving to Kate Spade. Throughout the year, the brand delivered consistent improvement on the top line, resulting in fiscal year '21 sales growth of 3% compared to prior year, or a 13% decline compared to pre-pandemic revenue levels. In the most recent quarter, sales increased 95% versus prior year and were 4% below fiscal year '19. Direct sales in the fourth quarter, excluding wholesale, increased on a 2-year basis. In addition, for both the quarter and fiscal year, operating income rose meaningfully with margin expansion compared to prior year on both a stronger gross margin and SG&A leverage.  
We were pleased with Kate Spade's progress across its growth strategies, which highlight the traction we're making to build stronger connections with consumers. In fiscal '21, we crystallized the brand's purpose, returning to its roots of unique and best-in-class storytelling and fulfilling its promise as a lifestyle brand, representing joy, optimism and color. During the most recent quarter, we continued to reengage lapsed customers at an increasing rate as we reactivated 550,000 customers through our North America digital channels, an increase of nearly 35% compared to prior year, demonstrating our focus on building lasting relationships with our customers.  
Second, we embedded a laser focus on the customer by harnessing the power of the broad and loyal Kate Spade community to engage consumers in new and exciting ways. This was evidenced by our viral happy dance campaign on TikTok, which has over 11 billion views and counting.  
Third, we reenergized our core handbag offering by introducing innovative and universal brand elements. We're seeing traction in leather with the introduction of the Knott, which has already grown to approximately 20% of our retail assortment, proving its position as a key family in the assortment going forward. In addition, our new signature branding, the spade flower, continues to perform while the reimagined sam and nylon has outpaced expectations. These platforms represent strong foundations for future growth.  
Fourth, we leaned into our digital strength, delivering approximately 35% growth compared to prior year across our e-commerce channels, reaching 35% of sales for the fiscal year. This growth was driven by both the acquisition of nearly 1.4 million new customers through our North America digital channels as well as the engagement of existing customers.  
Fifth, we improved profitability by focusing on acquiring, reengaging, and retaining customers to drive top and bottom line growth. Through the use of data, we adjusted our assortment and pricing strategies, which resulted in approximately 40% lower SKU count and disciplined promotional activity. This ultimately drove overall handbag AUR growth, which increased mid-single digits in both the fourth quarter and for the fiscal year.  
Finally, we've continued to focus on talent and culture. This year, we reorganized our creative structure with the formation of the cross-functional ideation studio, spanning across our brand creative, design, merchandising and marketing teams. This is increased collaboration and cohesion to drive more impactful and consistent storytelling.  
As we head into fiscal '22, we are building on the strong foundation we've established with a goal to deliver profitable and sustainable global growth. To achieve this, we will maintain a consumer-centric approach across all aspects of the business; amplify recent product introductions while continuing to build out our core handbag platforms; continue to engage newly acquired, reactivated and existing customers to drive higher lifetime value; drive brand heat through marketing focused on our Kate Spade community, particularly in social channels; maximize lifestyle positioning by strengthening the foundation of ready-to-wear, jewelry, and footwear; and improve the global omnichannel experience and drive continued growth in digital.  
Overall, we are pleased with Kate Spade's execution and the traction we gained with consumers in fiscal '21, including AUR improvement and strong customer engagement. This progress is reflected in Kate Spade's outperformance versus internal expectations, reinforcing our confidence in the brand's potential.  Kate Spade is a unique yet universal brand, and our teams are galvanized around driving our clear strategy. We continue to believe in the significant runway ahead in our ability to achieve $2 billion in revenue and enhanced profitability in the future.  
Turning now to Stuart Weitzman. Throughout the fiscal year, the brand progressed on its growth strategies. Specifically, we continue to renew the brand's reputation for fit, comfort and quality by listening and responding to customer needs. During the fourth quarter, we were pleased to see a significant increase in demand for dress styles as much of the world began to reopen, and events and in-person socialization returns.  
Second, we grew our key categories by building strength in boots, booties and sandals through fashion innovation, highlighted by the continued success of our iconic 5050 Land and Nudist families, which brought in new and younger customers. We also expanded the casual assortment, including a broader sneaker offering in the recently introduced on-trend jelly style. At the same time, we dramatically simplified the product assortment with SKU counts declining approximately 45%.  
Third, we focused our distribution on markets and channels of greatest opportunity to create a foundation to return to profitability as revenues inflect. This included the exit of unprofitable markets across the globe and rightsizing of the fleet in North America. At the same time, momentum continued for our China business in fiscal '21, with revenue on the Mainland increasing over 35% compared to prior year, or nearly 50% on a 2-year basis. We kept the Chinese consumer at the forefront of our strategy, highlighted by our tailored product offerings, featuring capsule collections, relevant marketing with key opinion leaders and continued outperformance across digital channels. China remains an important area of long-term opportunity for Stuart Weitzman at structurally higher margins.  
Fourth, we strengthened our relationship with wholesale partners by providing relevant products in faster, more consistent execution. As previously shared, we reentered 90 Nordstrom doors in the year, fueling North America wholesale revenue ahead of pre-pandemic levels in the fourth quarter.  
Finally, we made progress in establishing a robust digital presence and drove approximately 30% e-commerce growth during the fiscal year, including continued strength in the fourth quarter even as store trends improved.  
In fiscal '22, our overarching goal is to return to profitability. We will recruit and engage customers through product that sparks desire with a focus on must-have launches featuring icons, key items and capsule collections as well as [indiscernible]; drive brand heat with a digital-first drumbeat of relevant romantic storytelling; fuel continued growth in China, including an expanded footprint and further investment in digital; elevate the omnichannel customer journey, including delivering a best-in-class digital experience; and accelerate wholesale partnerships with an expanded footprint in key accounts globally.  Overall, I'm pleased with the progress we've made at Stuart Weitzman, and we remain focused on restoring the brand's profitability.  
In closing, we are focused on driving our next phase of growth supported by our clear strategy, compelling brands and differentiated platform. Although the environment remains volatile, we see a strong consumer who is ready to shop and continuing to engage with our brands.  
We entered fiscal year '22 with a solid foundation, improved capabilities and increasing momentum. From this position of strength, we are confident in our ability to win with consumers and capture market share, accelerating growth and profitability across our portfolio long term, enhancing value for all stakeholders.  
With that, I'm pleased to welcome Scott Roe, who many of you know, to discuss our financial results, capital allocation priorities and fiscal '22 outlook. Scott?

I'm sorry, can you hear me?

Okay. Sorry about that, Bob. You would think we got the mute button down by now. I would say that our confidence begins with the standout results we delivered this fiscal year. Fiscal '21 was a year of successful transformation for the company, and it was capped by a strong fourth quarter. 
We saw sales trends improve every quarter of the year and exceeded pre-pandemic levels in the fourth quarter. For the year, we delivered record operating income and record operating margin as a multi-brand company despite the challenging backdrop, and we see momentum building as we enter fiscal '22. And you can see that in the outlook we shared. 
We expect to reach a record level of revenue for fiscal '22 at $6.4 billion on mid-teens growth. And we see further untapped potential longer term, particularly in digital and China. And those represent sustainable top and bottom line growth vehicles going forward. 
I think importantly, we're investing in long-term growth drivers. We're investing in marketing and we're investing in digital and our people. And while we've made significant progress this past year, we're just getting started. 
As Scott said, we're operating from a position of strength as a fundamentally different company today. We're reaching -- through our Acceleration Program, we took bold actions and we're now reaching new customers in new ways as a more agile organization. And the actions we took not only delivered a strong year, but positioned us to thrive on the other side of the pandemic. 
And we're better equipped as a company, I would say, to pull these levers -- growth levers going forward. We have new capabilities to engage consumers and drive higher lifetime value. And we have 4 million new consumers that we acquired in the last year alone who are increasingly younger. 
We have -- we're delivering really strong gross margins at increasing AUR, showing pricing power in our brands. And we have a direct-to-consumer model building strength in digital and China with significant runway ahead. 
And Scott also mentioned, we have a strong team, and we continue to invest in our team to secure that competitive advantage. So I would say, overall, we're operating from a position of strength. We're building momentum, and we see significant runway ahead for all of our brands.

Thanks, Erinn. This is Joanne. I'll jump right into the Kate Spade question. We are really pleased with our execution in fiscal '21. And we made important progress. You noted the progress on margin, but we made important progress across the foundations of the brand. 
I'll just call out a few highlights. Kate is highly digitally penetrated. We showed continued strength in the digital channel. It now represents nearly 35% of sales for the brand. We're acquiring new customers, 1.4 million new customers during the year and we're reactivating customers at a more frequent rate. So 550,000 customers reactivated, a 35% increase from last year, and some of those customers are deeply lapsed customers. 
So when we think about the Kate Spade brand and engaging consumers and really building -- rebuilding the brand, we made really important progress. And I would say that partly is due to the fact that we've reenergized our core handbag offering. 
Liz and team have worked really quickly to build a stronger, more solid platform. We're seeing traction across our leather platform with the Knott, our signature platform we've talked about with the spade flower and our nylon platform with the reimagined handbag. 
And what we're seeing is the customer reacting to those changes in our assortment with increased global handbag AUR. So with handbag AURs moving higher, that's another sign of brand health. 
So longer term, we continue to have and see a path for Kate Spade to build to a $2 billion brand and, to your point, a significantly higher margins. We see a path to high teens margin opportunity. 
And as you compare it versus Coach, Kate Spade is a true full lifestyle brand. And there are some differences to the Coach business today. Kate Spade has, as I said, more lifestyle style categories. And right now, as a brand, it's centered more in North America and Japan. Doesn't have as developed an international business, but we see those as opportunities moving forward.

Let me jump on that, and then I'll pass it to Todd to get into the details of Coach. But as it relates to AUR, we've been really pleased with the AUR growth that we've seen across our brands in the past year. 
And we've been focused on implementing and embedding the structural changes in our organization to help us do that. We're getting closer to our consumer, certainly, which is helping us deliver great products that our consumers value and embedding data and insights into our processes more. 
But we're also leveraging data to better manage our assortments. And you've seen that in the SKU count reductions we've made and in the way we've managed inventory across the world in an environment that has a lot of choppiness to it. 
So those are structural changes that we've made. And they have proven benefits on AUR and gross margin expansion over this year, and we expect that to continue. 
On your specific questions on Coach, I'll let Todd talk about the success that he's seen.

Thanks, Oliver. Driving engagement requires consistent in innovation, innovation and product. We're learning a lot about those new customers, and we're also engaging them in different ways. And we're meeting our customers where they are. 
And we're better capable to meet those customers and engage them with our data and analytics capabilities, with our increasing presence on social media and the innovations we're bringing to life there. 
And at the end of the day, it's about delivering great products. So taking those insights and really understanding our consumer at a deeper level. And that's a lot of the foundation that we built this past year is how do we really truly understand our customer, our consumer and embed that consumer and those insights in the product development process, where our creative teams bring their terrific product and creativity to bear against things that consumers value. 
And our focus moving ahead is with all this new customer acquisition, driving higher lifetime value with our consumers going forward.

Yes. I'll start and maybe steal all of Scott's thunder here, but that has been -- we think stores matter. And as we focus on the consumer, it's about providing a seamless experience for a consumer, regardless of where they choose to shop. 
And we've been incredibly successful at building a digital business and meeting our consumer on digital platforms. But the store platform and that physical touch point is still important. And if you go back a year, what we said is -- or more than a year now, we said, while stores are still important, we have higher profitability expectations for our fleet and productivity thresholds. 
And we've taken bold actions to structure our fleet in that way, but we're also investing to make sure that, that represents the right experience and the right physical touch point. We're adding omnichannel capabilities for our consumers, and that's paying off. 
It's paying off on the top line, but it's also because we've seen incremental growth in our brick-and-mortar fleet as the world sort of recovers from the pandemic. But what we've also seen, importantly, and here's where I'm stealing a little bit of Scott's thunder, is we've seen operating margins of our store fleet actually above pre-pandemic levels even right now on depressed volume and a depressed traffic. 
So Scott, I don't know if there's anything you want to add, but I'll throw it to you.

Thanks, Brooke. I'll start with our marketing spend. And I would say that we -- as part of our transformation, we have fundamentally restructured our P&L with a focus on -- we did that really with a focus on how we were going to engage consumers and needed to engage consumers in sort of the new world of retailing in a post-pandemic era. 
And we've made significant changes within the P&L. Scott called it out in his prepared remarks, but 3% higher investment in marketing. And we've done that with confidence because with our new data and analytics capabilities, we're better able to measure the return on our marketing investments. And our intention is to structure our business so that we can continue to engage consumers across all of our brands and create -- and continue to create and tap into growth. 
And we have seen tremendous traction over the past year based on these capabilities. The investments that we're making in marketing are across the funnel. And I think that's important to know too, because as we get better at measuring our returns, we're getting better at measuring returns across the full funnel. So it's not only performance marketing, but it is about brand building and measuring our returns on those brand-building investments we're making. 
Of course, digital is a priority. We're better able to engage consumers on many digital platforms, and we're driving innovation there. We've called out the work we've done on live streaming and TikTok with even organic and viral videos on TikTok. So we're continuing to innovate, we're investing across the funnel, and we think that is an important enabler as we look to unlock future growth.

Yes. Thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning and hanging in there through our technical difficulties. 
Fiscal '21 was a transformational year for Tapestry. And I want to extend a huge thanks to our teams around the world for their unwavering passion and dedication to our business. 
As we just talked about, the dynamic environment continues, but we're in a position of strength with a proven track record of success. And we have increasing conviction in our ability to accelerate top and bottom line growth, with a focus on delivering for all our stakeholders, our customers, our teams, our community and our shareholders. 
So I appreciate your interest in Tapestry. Have a great day.