Good morning. Thank you, Andrea, and welcome, everyone. We are delighted to report a solid third quarter, which met our overall expectations from both a top line and bottom line perspective as we drove double-digit gains in sales, operating income and EPS on a non-GAAP basis, leveraging the benefits of Tapestry's multi-brand global model. 
As noted in our press release this morning, our results benefited from strong organic sales growth at Coach as well as the contribution of Kate Spade, which more than offset from execution issues and cost headwinds at Stuart Weitzman. Naturally, we were excited to drive continued positive global comps for Coach with outperformance in North America driven by our strong product offering and the successful global relaunch of Signature in retail. We were also pleased to deliver a better-than-expected consolidated operating margin, reflecting overall tight expense control, which Kevin will review in more detail shortly.
The Kate Spade integration into our operating platform continued smoothly during the quarter as we executed on the strategic actions to position the brand for long-term success. These included the pullback on flash sales and wholesale disposition while taking substantial steps to unlock cost and operating synergies. We remain especially excited about the opportunities for the brand, both in terms of revenue growth, driven by distribution expansion and productivity, and profitability improvements as we leverage our scale across our supply chain and corporate functions. We now expect to achieve synergies in the area of $45 million in FY '18, primarily related to SG&A as well as earlier-than-expected realization of COGS benefits. We are continuing to target run rate synergies from both COGS and SG&A of approximately $100 million to $115 million in fiscal 2019. 
Over the last few months, we also made several key hires across our brands. At Kate Spade, we announced Anna Bakst as CEO and Brand President. She brings a rare combination of business acumen, directly related fashion experience and strong leadership skills to the company. Together with the recently appointed Creative Director, Nicola Glass, we now have the right senior management in place to lead the talented Kate Spade team and drive the business globally. At Stuart Weitzman, we're excited about the appointment of Eraldo Poletto, who just joined us as CEO and Brand President. He brings 30 years of fashion experience and a proven track record in driving luxury brand growth globally. 
On the global business development front, we closed on the 3 transactions we announced on our last call, all focused on 2 global strategic priorities: first, leveraging the opportunities for our brands with the Chinese consumer globally, highlighted by the acquisition of Stuart Weitzman business from our distributor in Northern China in mid-February and taking control of our Kate Spade joint ventures for Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan in early January; second, unlocking the value of a multi-brand operating model. To this end, we completed the buyback of the Coach business in Australia and New Zealand from our distributor in early March and created a Tapestry multi-brand hub and center of excellence in Sydney. 
This allows for greater control of our brands and the structure and resources to drive growth across our portfolio in an important market as we look to consolidate other Tapestry brands on to the platform in the future. As we've demonstrated over time with our past experience, we believe that controlling these businesses directly allows us to accelerate international growth and enhance each brand's development in these markets.
Moving to category trends. And as you know, given our new reporting structure, we have moved to a global category update. During the third quarter, we estimate that the men's and women's premium handbag and accessory market, which is over $40 billion, grew at a low double-digit rate globally, benefiting in part from the weaker U.S. dollar. On an organic basis, we estimate that the global category rose high single digits, similar to the December quarter.
Now turning to results by brand. I'd like to discuss third quarter performance and fourth quarter outlook for Coach. Overall, our third quarter performance was very consistent with our second quarter, with global comparable store sales in bricks and mortar driven primarily by conversion, reflecting our strong product offering. Internet was also a strong contributor again this quarter, adding about 1 point to global comp. For the third quarter, Coach sales increased 6% as reported and 3% in constant currency with international leading on a reported basis as positive underlying growth was augmented by the weaker dollar while North America led on a constant currency basis. The brand's international constant currency sales growth was driven by increases in Europe, Asia and Greater China while Japan contributed slightly on a reported basis. 
Globally, we saw our business with the Chinese consumer increase with notable strength in Hong Kong and Macau, Korea, Japan and other Asian markets. During the quarter, our global Coach comp remained strong, rising 3%. North America again outperformed despite a tougher sequential compare, helped by the Easter shift. Overall, Greater China comps rose with the Mainland and Hong Kong and Macau, comping positively. This is the first comp gain in Hong Kong and Macau since the fall of 2014, when the retail market was negatively impacted by geopolitical events. Comps in Europe were also up while Japan was slightly positive.
Moving to wholesale. Our North America shipments grew significantly during the quarter, driven in part by footwear as we've now anniversary-ed the spring '17 door closures while our promotional days in the channel declined 20% from last year. We were especially pleased with our core handbag and accessory sales growth at retail across department store partners. Our international wholesale revenue declined, due in part to the transition of Coach Australia and New Zealand to a directly operated retail model as well as continued weakness in Korea travel retail locations. At POS, sales rose slightly.
Turning to Coach product details and starting with retail. We were pleased with our performance in the quarter and the successful execution of our strategic vision. Specifically, we remain focused on cascading the level of innovation across the pyramid of price, occasion and function throughout our assortment. Highlights of the quarter include the successful relaunch of Signature in our retail channel, which exceeded our expectations globally. The updated version of our Signature pattern is inspired by and rooted in our history but has been reinterpreted for today. 
We relaunched Signature at the top of our pyramid in our spring runway show and marketing campaign as part of the collaboration with the iconic illustrations of the artist Keith Haring. This assortment, which juxtaposed the artist's work against Coach Signature and leather craftsmanship, provided the fashion halo for the season. Its performance has exceeded expectations, driven by success in handbags and lifestyle categories, notably ready-to-wear. 
In addition, we continue to drive innovation across price buckets with momentum in Coach 1941, driven by the Dinky and Rogue, as well as the very successful launch of the Charlie and Parker bags, offering a compelling combination of fashion and function at core price points under $400. Finally, in men's retail, similar to women's, Signature and Keith Haring exceeded expectations across categories while we drove solid growth in ready-to-wear.
Supporting our retail product initiatives, spring marketing focused on balancing disruptive messaging and broad appeal. To this end, we successfully amplified the Signature relaunch, partnering with a variety of independent artists and creators globally to playfully reinterpret this iconic brand code. Importantly, our spring campaign showcased Selena Gomez driving impressions and supporting the introduction of our new Charlie and Parker bags. Finally, on men's, we launched a new campaign, featuring Chinese male celebrity Timmy Xu, to great success with our global Chinese consumer. 
Looking ahead to fall, we're excited about the expanded collaboration with Selena Gomez, which will extend to ready-to-wear. During the quarter, we were particularly pleased with the continued recruitment gains in both our North America and global customer databases and across channels, in part reflecting our strategy to showcase Selena to cut through to a broader audience. In addition, in our brand tracking survey fielded in March, we saw an increase in repurchase intent among category drivers while Coach continues to lead in key emotional and functional attributes among the broad premium market.
Building on the successful Q2 launch during the quarter, we were excited to expand our Coach Create customization service, which allows customers to co-create bags with unique details, such as embossed leather tea roses, souvenir pins and prairie rivets to 6 new international markets, bringing the concept to over 250 retail stores worldwide. We also added new handbag and small leather goods silhouettes to the offering while rolling out expanded customization to the footwear category. In many doors globally, this customization is done by an on-site craftsman while the customer shops, a key point of differentiation from other brands that offer personalization. We also continue to expand our monogramming service, which will be available by year-end in over 50% of our global direct retail fleets, immersive craftsmanship bars or monogramming stations. 
I wanted to touch on our footwear initiative, which as you know, we took in-house and launched last summer. This spring, consistent with our strategy, we expanded our offering within the sport category while enhancing the dress assortment. As a result, we saw growth in footwear globally in the quarter with success in sneakers and heels, driven by novelty. As mentioned, we launched our footwear in our directly operated stores globally and in North America wholesale this year. And during the quarter, we made plans to expand distribution to key wholesale partners in Europe in FY '19. 
Looking ahead to our retail product strategies for the fourth quarter. Our goal is to continue to drive innovation and differentiation across our offering. Specifically in retail, we will continue to drive fashion newness across our assortment for Mother's Day, including a range of new feminine styles and shapes, such as the Rogue embellished with tea roses and new smaller sizes of Parker, Charlie and camera bags, perfect for day to evening occasions. We will also build upon our Signature offering, including an expanded range of small leather goods as we continue to be encouraged by our successful launch and the current trend for highly differentiated logo product in the broader market.
Introduce our Disney and Coach Dark Fairy Tale collaboration, a unique capsule collection which again offers another backdrop in fashion context for Signature and leathercraft for women and men. And as part of our pre-fall collection, we will relaunch the duffle, an iconic Coach silhouette, celebrating the brand's rich heritage. This archival shape will be reinterpreted with modern details and function, featuring new hardware and our glove-tanned pebble leather. 
Moving to outlet and starting with Q3. Our spring collection celebrated vintage 1950s American motifs featured in modern ways. We drove innovation across our women's leather goods offering with the successful introductions of the Brooklyn Carryall and the Isla Chain Crossbody. We also successfully introduced newness in print with animations designed specifically for the channel while introducing a new canvas tote. 
Looking ahead for the balance of the year. We will continue to infuse newness across silhouettes, price points and materials. Importantly, we have a powerful Mother's Day assortment, featuring florals, bows and other feminine details across a variety of new silhouettes. Throughout the season, we will balance new silhouette launches, emphasizing leathercraft and exploring new materials while offering a compelling and playful summer assortment in June. 
On the men's side, we also have an expanded assortment of newness for Father's Day in June. Overall, we are pleased with Coach's performance in the quarter. As we look forward to the balance of the fiscal year and beyond, we are well positioned to generate positive comparable store sales, driven by compelling product, our differentiated modern luxury store experience and bold marketing campaigns.
Moving to Kate Spade. Sales totaled $269 million in the third quarter, essentially even with the prior year on a pro forma basis, reflecting our strategic reduction of both wholesale disposition and flash or surprise sale, offset by the consolidation of China sales, strong domestic performance and FX, given the dollar weakness. Bricks and mortar comps were down 1% globally, an improvement from the last 2 quarters, benefiting from the Easter shift in North America while total comp was down about 9%, impacted by the purposeful reduction of promotional sales online. 
Highlights of the quarter were the strength of innovation in retail. Within handbags, our core groups continued to perform, supported by our nylon offering, which in turn was driven by backpacks, crossbodies and our new take on the sam, the bag the brand was founded on 25 years ago. The customer continued to respond to the Make It Mine customization program, which was expanded to include an additional silhouette, a convertible backpack style and new design elements.
And in ready-to-wear, it was all about dresses in great spring florals. As we've noted in our last 2 calls, we are especially excited about our trend in ready-to-wear and have been testing a different visual merchandising approach. This test is focused on zoning retail stores by department rather than monthly introduction, allowing for an easier category shopping experience. We expect to expand this program to 10 additional doors in Q4, taking us to 25 doors in total.
Finally, we were thrilled with the response to the joint launch of our first smartwatch with Fossil, which sold through quickly both in the U.S. and Japan. And we look forward to increasing our pace of innovation with this key licensing partner. And in outlet, where we've been leveraging a stronger inventory position, we capitalized on the opportunity around bundling, which continues to work with this customer. In addition and echoing retail, backpacks and the crossbody silhouettes performed well. In small leather goods, cosmetic and travel styles exceeded plan. 
Supporting our spring product and seasonal marketing, including the sam campaign featuring Margaret Qualley and the 360-degree Bloom Bloom program focused on spring. Our year-long 25th anniversary campaign focused on the brand's history and heritage, invited our customer to celebrate with us. We also built awareness and interest in our smartwatch launch and in our Full Bloom fragrance introduction with 2 videos and related collateral, featuring strong multigenerational women. Store events were held throughout the quarter, driving traffic into bricks and mortar. 
Similarly, in outlet, we used on-mall advertising to point to Kate Spade as a gifting and self-purchase resource for Lunar New year, Presidents' Day and Easter, using windows with updated creative and LED screens to drive traffic. Within our U.S. brand tracking, which also included Kate Spade, the brand has a distinctive positioning around making women feel fashionable, feminine and fun. In addition, among the broad premium market, Kate Spade holds a leadership position in handbags being viewed as on-trend. 
Overall, we have taken significant steps to position the brand, building a foundation for solid and sustainable growth. As we look ahead for Kate Spade, we will continue to significantly curtail promotional impressions by reducing surprise sales and pulling back on wholesale disposition and still expect about $100 million impact for the full year. Under the creative direction of Nicola Glass, we will accelerate innovation in the core handbag and accessories categories, along with ready-to-wear and tech, leveraging the Tapestry platform, notably our supply chain and product development capabilities. We are excited that we will be able to share her vision for the brand in September during New York Fashion Week.
We have reviewed the store fleet and are already leveraging opportunities to maximize the brand's global footprint. To this point, we opened 9 new stores in Q3 and closed 11. We are also now including the 50 stores in Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan as directly operated locations in the wake of taking operational control of the JVs in those markets this quarter. As noted, we believe Greater China is a huge opportunity for the brand, given low single-digit unaided brand awareness and Kate's unique aesthetic. And of course, I couldn't be more thrilled to pass the leadership baton to Anna, who has hit the ground running. She's already begun her global store visits and new product development work with Nicola and her team.
Turning to Stuart Weitzman. Sales rose, driven by the global direct business, which in turn was fueled by distribution growth, including the buyback of the brand's Northern China business and e-commerce. We were disappointed with the overall level of sales growth, which was impacted by both lower-than-expected sell-through of carryover styles as well as the development and production challenges on new collections, issues that intensified towards the quarter-end and have impacted timely delivery of product. 
Our dedicated Stuart Weitzman supply chain based in Spain was not prepared for the level of complexity and new development in this transitional period for the brand. As a result, we are in the process of adding infrastructure and capacity to support the brand's creative vision with quality on-time deliveries. While these efforts are underway and bode well for the long term, we expect to continue to experience some disruption through the fall/winter season. 
Therefore, we now believe Stuart Weitzman sales and profitability will continue to be under pressure in the fourth quarter with only slight revenue growth for the fiscal year. Longer term, we have great confidence in the team's ability to capitalize on Stuart Weitzman's potential in both the footwear and leather goods categories as we continue to evolve the brand identity across global markets under Giovanni Morelli's creative direction and Eraldo Poletto's leadership. Importantly, we expect to return to top line growth in the second half of fiscal 2019.
We are also looking at distribution opportunities globally, notably in select Asian markets, where we want to leverage the rapidly growing demand for the brand. Key among these are China, where, as I mentioned, we completed the buyback of our Northern China business, and in Japan, where we can take advantage of Tapestry's deep market knowledge and business development team in launching Stuart Weitzman. 
Now I'll turn it over to our CFO, Kevin Wills, for details on our third quarter financial results and guidance for fiscal 2018. Kevin?

Sure. Thanks, Bob. Let me first touch on the Stuart Weitzman issues, our strategies, learnings and more importantly what we're doing about the current situation, given that it is really the only driver in the evolution of the guidance that we've given. And then Kevin will jump in then on gross margin. First, just a tiny bit of context on Stuart Weitzman, it's a great brand. Obviously, many of you are aware of the reasons that we've discussed in the past for this acquisition, a brand that's especially seeing tremendous growth in Asia with the focus on China and reflected in the recent investment that we made in buying that business back. And indeed, sales were tracking very close to our plan through February. As all of you know, this is a brand that has leadership in really iconic 2 categories, the 5050 boot, over-the-knee boots, and then in the NUDIST collection of sandals. And our strategy has really been to innovate these 2 iconic classifications while developing new ones, especially sneakers and pumps, and as well to add accessories as we continue to develop the brand's retail footprint. And also all of you know that this past May, May of '17, Stuart Weitzman, the individual, transitioned to non-Executive Chairman. And in fact, this upcoming week, indeed later this week, he becomes Chairman Emeritus. And the collections that we have in stores this past quarter as well as into this quarter are really the work of a hybrid of designs from several teams that have transitioned from the founder. And as such, the next few seasons really represent a unique transitional period, one where our core icons have been in need of a refresh and are suffering from a bit of fatigue while we also work to drive needed levels of fashion into the brand. Also I believe all of you know that this brand has a dedicated supply chain in Alicante, Spain, that is separate from everything that we do with Coach and Kate. And that while we're very proud of our team in Spain, it does lack the processes and the systems to deal with the level of complexity and innovation that the teams need and wants to deliver. And this has led to the execution challenges that we're facing in this one moment in time. The result has been really a lower-than-expected sell-through of our carryover styles and late delivery of our new collections. And these are issues that really intensified towards the quarter-end and impacted the timely delivery of product. So most importantly, what are we doing? What are the actions that we're taking? First, on the people side, of course -- and we're very proud and happy to bring on to the team Eraldo Poletto, and by his presence, strengthening the team as well as having recently brought in as well Francesca Bertoncini, who has 17 years of footwear experience with Prada, really strengthening that team. And over the last 2 to 3 months, we have been adding purchasing, product development, production planning, quality control people across the entire process of the business in our supply chain in Spain. Look, as mentioned in our speakers' notes, we do expect these challenges to last through the fall/winter season. But we see it as a moment in time. We're addressing them. And we expect to return to growth in the second half of FY '19. It is truly a once-in-a-lifetime transition from a founder-led business to a business that can scale and really hopefully execute to our vision, which is for this to be a $1 billion business with mid-teens operating margins. And we're truly transitioning the business structures, the organizations and the processes to allow us to achieve just this.

Sure. I'll let Josh chime in on the Coach product mix. And then Kevin will jump in on the COGS.

Okay. And then on COGS, I'll jump in here, Kevin, really no impact, very positive savings across both Kate and Coach. Of course, as we leverage the synergies of bringing both of those brands together, we're seeing pretty consistent reaction from our supply chain in terms of both labor and materials.

Sure. Let me first touch on top line performance and Kevin will jump in, in a moment on synergies and -- well, we haven't provided any guidance, but I'll let him jump in, in a minute on the op inc margin. In terms of top line, look, as we've mentioned, Nicola and now joined by Anna have been incredibly busy in the evolution of our product. We've been clear that the key there, of course, is our core handbags and accessories. We have a truly experienced team that's done that at scale, both in the marketplace outside, of course, of Tapestry brands, and now most importantly will leverage the Tapestry platform to execute at a great level. They've been, in fact, sat with Anna just this week. She's back from product development visits with Nicola and the team. And we're really excited by what we're seeing. That first collection will be shown in September. It will start to hit markets early next calendar year, so the second half of our fiscal year. But I think that you can expect to see, of course, the business to perform from there quite nicely. Saying that, we're incredibly proud, of course, of what we have done with the development that was in line when we inherited the brands, Irwin. I mean, specifically if you look at, of course, our ability to have driven more or less flat or close to flat comps in brick and mortar, we have pulled the business back by reducing the online promotional events as well, of course, as you know, what we've done in terms of pulling back from wholesale but with really terrific improvements in our gross margin. And in the third quarter, that was the same as we continued to pull back on promotions, even in the outlet channel, driving gross margin improvements for the brands. So really pleased with what we are doing. And then on the op inc question, Kevin?

Sure. And I'll start there. I mean, we, of course, report globally. But that being said, and still with one major North America competitor yet to report, right now, we estimate the category grew in line in North America with the December quarter at a mid-single-digit rate with a similar story to what we're seeing globally, which is really luxury brands, especially driven by the logo brands being the main drivers. And it's very exciting to us, of course. You've heard in our speakers' notes, and Josh just talked about the excitement that we have with what we're doing with Signature, we're managing it very carefully, having had past experience with what that can do, both in terms of driving growth but also driving ubiquity to the brand. So we're managing the balance between driving growth and maintaining a certain level of scarcity around that and very excited about what it can do for the business because it is the most important way for brands to differentiate themselves as well at scale. So very ownable, very excited about the opportunity, and we see that trend continuing for the next few years.

Sure, thanks. I'll let Josh chime in on both of those.

I'll just add. Oliver, the last time we saw this trend, of course, from the early 2000s, it was pretty much a decade run. Now obviously, fashion cycles are speeding up. But one would imagine this to be a 5- to 6-year cycle to 7-year cycle potentially as opposed to a 10-year cycle that we saw previously.

Sure. Let me let Josh chime in as the Coach brand is really, along with Kate Spade, of course, leading our e-commerce charge. And then I'll touch a little bit on digital as it relates to data. Josh?

Yes. And then I would just add there that David Kang, who runs those efforts for us and is a leader across the brands as well, and as we scale both the learnings from whether it be the marketing or the technologies or investments that we're making across our platform, of course, we immediately leverage those across the 3 brands. And that is a journey that we're on over the next fiscal year, especially from a global perspective, not only here in North America but also outside of North America. And lastly, Oliver, as you know and we've discussed in the past, for us, digital is as much about data. We have 110 million names in our database, as you know. We have, in fact, just a couple of weeks ago, completed the integration of Kate Spade fully now into our North America platform. And in fact, their global database as well as Stuart Weitzman now fully in there. So across our 3 brands, teams are leveraging the tools that already exist to much more effectively leverage the program tools to actually target and market to consumers. And we, just this week in fact, are very proud to announce the appointment of Fabio Luzzi, who joins us as Vice President of our Advanced Analytics and Data Labs teams. You've heard us talk about some of the efforts there. But we have very high expectations to leverage our customer data, product data and other sources that we are in the process of collecting to drive AI and machine learning opportunities across the company. One of the first tests that we're doing there, in fact, is around inventory, merchandising analytics and eventually even potentially pricing analytics as we think about the go-forward. But we're excited about those opportunities.

Anna, I'll let Josh talk to the tourist numbers that we're seeing and specifically in North America outlet.

Sure. We'll let Josh chime in on that. He's very passionate and working extremely closely with the team on those efforts.

Yes. And then we'll be giving, of course, longer-term guidance on FY '19 in our next call. But as I close, I think over the medium term, we see this as a $1 billion business, mid-teens op inc. And that's the structure and the investments that we're putting into place right now across the organization, both on the front end and on the back end. But in the short term, at least through the fall/winter season, as we have discussed, we see some pressure on the business.

Thank you, Andrea. I'm getting a message here that just to reiterate that our synergies target for the Kate Spade brand for next year are $100 million to $115 million for next year. And I want to just close by thanking our team across the world, all 21,000 of them who continue to drive the performance on a daily basis and connecting with our customers. And they're very focused, of course, in driving innovation and unique experiences across our markets. I couldn't be more excited and proud of them, and of course, with the limitless opportunities that we have ahead of us. Thank you.