Good morning. Thank you, Andrea, and thank you to each of you for joining our earnings call. Although this is my first as CEO, this is Tapestry's 77th call since Coach's IPO in 2000. I still remember how exciting it was to listen to that first call 19 years ago, when I joined the call as an adviser to the company. Having seen this journey progress over the years, my principal takeaway relates to the resilience of this remarkable organization. The combination of a powerful brand with exceptional people and culture has enabled this company to reinvent itself, to fix historical mistakes and to address new competitors and evolving consumer desires. 
I've approached my first 2 months as CEO with an optimism borne of our history and an appreciation that this history has been defined by innovation and change. I've immersed myself in day-to-day operations and key decision-making. My experience during this period of time has deepened my conviction that our 3 brands have powerful equities that connect meaningfully with significant and distinct consumer segments globally. I believe that each brand benefits from our shared set of resources that drive [ affinities ] and allow for sharing best practices across divisions. 
I'm excited by the work ahead of us to reignite growth by bringing a more consumer-centric focus to our investment decisions and by improving our execution. While our first quarter EPS was better than the forecast we shared with you in August, embedded in our results are external and internal challenges, ranging from the situation in Hong Kong to competitive pressures to self-induced mistakes. We will touch on a number of these headwinds throughout the course of this call.  
Now let me turn to results by brand. We achieved solid and consistent performance at Coach. This was our eighth consecutive quarter of positive comps, which speaks to how our product resonated with consumers globally, driven by brand interest and vibrancy. Coach's digital and international channels again led growth this quarter. In fact, I recently returned from China, where all of Coach's international store managers gathered, including those from London to Tokyo to Sydney and many points in between. This group and the store associates they work with are exceptional. Although I am admittedly biased, I believe that they are the best store team at scale in all of retail. 
Turning to Kate Spade. Revenue performed in line with expectations. The business realized a mid-teens decline in comparable store sales, which reflected the product and merchandising challenges we've previously identified and are actively working to address. Kate Spade's geographic mix is also more skewed to North America than Coach, thus leaving the brand more exposed to a domestic market that is facing greater traffic and promotional challenges than many of our key international markets. At Stuart Weitzman, sales were negatively impacted by softer wholesale demand, which offset growth in the brand's direct business. That said, gross margin expansion resulted in an operating loss equal to plan and to the prior year quarter. 
As we look ahead, we are maintaining our total Tapestry outlook for fiscal year '20. We understand that to meet this guidance, we need to continue to drive growth at Coach while simultaneously improving trends from current levels at Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman. Our imperative is to fuel desire for our brands and make investment decisions through a consumer-centric lens. We are focused on becoming more agile, continuously leveraging data and technology to increase our productivity and speed to market. These improvements will enable us to fund additional brand-building initiatives and to return capital to shareholders. To this end, we have commenced an in-depth, comprehensive and efficient review of our business to address both near-term and long-term opportunities. 
Let us now turn -- now discuss results by brand in greater detail, starting with Coach. Global comparable store sales rose 1% in the first quarter, led by outperformance in our international channels and across our e-commerce platforms. Excluding the pressures from Hong Kong, which intensified over the period, comps were up roughly 2%. The drivers of our global bricks-and-mortar comparable store sales were conversion, reflecting our strong product offering, as well as traffic. 
Coach delivered overall positive comps across most international regions, including Europe and Asia. As anticipated, results in Japan were strong, benefiting from a pull-forward of demand in advance of the consumption tax increase, which was affected on October 1. Our Greater China business was constrained by the situation in Hong Kong. However, we continued to drive positive same-store sales on the mainland as well as in Taiwan. Our international wholesale business also rose on a POS basis in the quarter. 
Comps in North America were flat to prior year despite the negative impact of lower tourist spend. In addition, while our North America wholesale shipments were below prior year in part due to timing, our business at POS increased despite fewer promotional event days. We were particularly proud of the brand's performance in North America in light of the weaker mall traffic trends in both outlet and full-price retail. 
Looking at our first quarter progress against Coach's brand strategies for fiscal year '20. First, we accelerated product innovation and disruption across our good, better, best price architecture in retail with the introductions of Tabby, Troupe and Hadley and an outlet with the Disney collaboration, along with several new styles, both sporty and functional. We comped the comp in Signature in both channels. Particularly exciting was an increase in global and North America outlet handbag AUR against a highly promotional backdrop. In addition, we drove outsized growth beyond bags in our less-developed women's and men's footwear and ready-to-wear categories.  
Second, we drove fashion authority through cultural relevance. Examples this quarter include our September New York Fashion Week runway show on the High Line, attended by global influencers and a number of celebrities, including actor, producer and face of Coach Men's, Michael B. Jordan. In addition, we released a new Dream It Real campaign, which featured a global cast, including MBJ, Yara Shahidi and Kiko Mizuhara. More recently, since quarter end, we launched a collaboration with MBJ featuring the anime franchise, Naruto, which generated strong excitement and sell-throughs in the men's category. 
Third, we injected excitement into the store experience. One of the highlights of this quarter was an Art of Signature pop-up next to The Vessel at Hudson Yards. We also had a Coach original store takeover in New York during Fashion Week set to coincide with our spring 2020 show on the High Line. Coach original celebrated the heritage of the brand in a modern way with distinct product stories, including restored vintage bags, remade updates of archival styles and remixed bags, which are individually handcrafted combinations of vintage Coach bags. These activations not only drove strong sales in their respective locations, but just as importantly, drove significant digital engagement. Based on the positive reaction to Coach originals and its link to the spring collection, we will roll out Coach originals pop-ups in high-profile locations globally. 
We're looking forward to holiday, where we will continue to innovate in our core families while disrupting with new drops that include the Tabby shop. The Tabby shop drops show the full breadth of this best-selling style across new novelty iterations as well as a new take on our original icon, the horse and carriage logo. In outlet, we will be launching a Star Wars collaboration. And in both channels, we're excited about our robust gifting assortments. In summary, we're optimistic about the holiday season and the balance of fiscal year '20 for our largest brand. We remain confident about the opportunity for continued growth as we look to accelerate innovation and relevance globally. 
Moving to Kate Spade. Total sales declined 6% on both a reported basis and in constant currency with a mid-teens comp decline, offset by -- in part by new store distribution as well as the acquisition of the brand's operations in Singapore, Malaysia and Australia, which we have not yet anniversary-ed. Comparable store sales matched our expectations, declining 16% on an aggregate basis, impacted by the brand's exposure to the difficult North America market as well as the product voids and merchandising challenges discussed on our August call. 
In our bricks-and-mortar business average ticket was positive for the quarter, which together with the brand's relatively stable gross margin, speaks to our deliberate management of in-store promotions. Traffic comp remained under significant pressure and was the primary cause of the decrease in comp store sales. On the other hand, international markets continue to outpace our domestic business with positive comps in mainland China and Japan. 
Turning to product and brand strategy at Kate Spade. The team has begun to address initial learnings, including broadening the product assortment in retail through increased breadth of key silhouettes and a diversity of materials in order to more fully satisfy consumer use educations. We're also bringing in more color and novelty for holiday and beyond. These are playful elements that are the hallmark of the brand's unique personality and that we believe drive direct and indirect demand. 
In addition, we're evolving our marketing with a nod to the past, which we saw in the first quarter with our campaign that featured Anna Kendrick, our beloved brand ambassador. Further, our spring runway show at New York Fashion Week featured a diverse cast of women. This show, and notably the product, was well received as feminine, optimistic, democratic, relatable. In outlet, as we've discussed, we are heightening the overall level of innovation, including our first-ever collaboration designed for the channel. We expect that these actions -- we expect these actions to support sequential progress in comps as we move through the year. 
As mentioned, we are currently in the process of an intensive review of our business. A key focus is the Kate Spade brand. Our intent is to reengage our core consumer and attract new customers. We need to find the right balance between sophistication, witty novelty and color across all aspects of the brand. Our internal research has shown that the consumer continues to have an admiration and affection for the brand. But we must ensure that we have a product that is compelling and relevant to her lifestyle, supported by marketing that more effectively connects her emotionally with the brand. 
Turning to Stuart Weitzman. While top line sales results were weak, we did make progress on a number of key strategic initiatives in the quarter. In product, we broadened our footwear offering beyond boots and sandals, notably with growth in sneakers in keeping with market trends. We continue to build our awareness globally. Our fall campaign that featured Kendall Jenner and Yang Mi garnered over 1 billion impressions. We also drove local buzz and editorial coverage in China following the Plaza 66 pop-up launch in Shanghai and landing the cover of Vogue China. 
As we look forward, we're working to improve our execution from concept to market. Simply put, this means offering fashion innovation while ensuring that we meet our high-quality expectations and delivery commitments. Stuart Weitzman has always represented a fusion of fashion and fit, a key differentiator for the brand, one that is highly valued by our customers. Therefore, we're addressing our challenges through investment in talent, operational process improvements and a focus on the fashion sensibility of the core design aesthetic. I'm confident we can leverage the brand's core equities to drive revenue growth and improved profitability. 
To recap, we delivered first quarter results that were in line with our plan, and our teams are now focused on the holiday season. These are exciting times at Tapestry, and there's continued opportunity to better connect consumers with our brands. Each of our brands have powerful equities that resonate meaningfully with distinct consumer segments, bringing diversification to our portfolio. Each brand leverages Tapestry's infrastructure and core capabilities, including local market knowledge and a wealth of talent to drive significant benefits. 
With that, let's turn to Joanne for the financial review of the quarter and our outlook. Joanne?

Terrific. Thank you for your question. Let me address it perhaps both through a rearview mirror perspective as well as one that's forward-looking. And so as noted, I'm 60 days in. And my perspective, I believe, is balanced somewhere between realism and optimism. If we take a look backwards for just a moment, we did what we told you we would do, right? We delivered an in-line quarter and the start to the year was as expected. We repurchased $300 million in stock. We're on track to return a total of $700 million to our shareholders this fiscal year, inclusive clearly of our dividend. And this represents an increase of 40% year-on-year and underscores our commitment to return capital to our owners. And then lastly, backwards-looking, we've maintained our outlook for fiscal year '20 even in the face of internal and external headwinds, such as Hong Kong. 
That said, looking forward, we need to sharpen our focus on execution. And as such, we're asking a lot of hard questions here internally. First principles for us are to focus on driving organic growth. And you heard me say a number of times in my prepared comments and you heard Joanne also reiterate it, we're very focused on being consumer-centric. And what do we mean by that? We really mean that we need to ensure that our core consumer is at the heart of everything we do, from product to marketing to store design. And this is a key element of the work that we've launched here in recent weeks. We need to make sure that we're really in a position to tell relevant brand stories that really connect our consumers with the values of our brands. 
The second real area of focus is on -- as you drive growth, how do you really ensure that you've got operating leverage in the business? So how is it that we can become more agile, more efficient? And really do believe that there's an opportunity to better leverage the data and technology to increase our speed to market. We also need to be more efficient frankly and productive across many different areas from market strategies -- in terms of concept to market strategies, in terms of product assortment, in terms of our stores and also the ways that we work. And I think if we're able to do this, it will allow us to ultimately unlock resources and then -- that we can distort in terms of investing more in brand-building, at the same time as returning capital to our shareholders. 
More specifically to your -- to the part of your question on our multi-brand strategy. One of the things that clearly we're very focused on is how to unlock even further the benefits of our multi-brand model. And I very much believe that our brands are stronger together as a result of our shared platform. This said, let's acknowledge it. Tapestry is a relatively young multi-brand company. And we're doing a lot of work to better define that balance between corporate and brand functions and do so in a way that's appropriate to our brands and to our culture. 
So the diagnostic work has just begun. But it's one that we're moving forward with quite rapidly. And we want to include it relatively soon so that we're in a position to address both near-term and long-term opportunities. We're clear that we face a number of challenges, and we're clear about those challenges. At the same time frankly, we're confident that these challenges are fixable and the solutions are largely within our control. So as we go forward, we're committed to being transparent in our communications, and we will openly acknowledge where we see issues. And at the same time, we're going to move very swiftly to apply the learnings from the work we've done and the learnings from just the deep experience in this organization. So thank you, Bob.

Absolutely, Bob. And hopefully, nothing, if not consistent, on that front in terms of being very focused on our product architecture in terms of broadening that, being very focused on our merchandising, so introducing more color, for example, in outlet, really working to find that right balance between sophistication and playful witty elements in our product and in our marketing and in our store environment that are consistent with the brand. So it's a lot of kind of very fundamental steps in terms of just broadening the reach of the brand and of the product and of the business.

Ike, you cut out just a moment. Do you mind repeating the second half of your question? I got the first half in terms of -- would you mind repeating the second half?

Understood. So a couple of things. First of all, we are calling for a sequential improvement as the year unfolds and particularly in the second half of the year. Footwear will be additive to the business as we have brought in that license in the second half of the year. And in terms of calling specifically positive comp or calling margin enhancement, that's not something that I'm prepared to do at this moment.

Thank you. Josh?

Thank you. So let me just make an overall comment about Kate because the question's come up a number of times. And we talk a lot about, and you've heard us in both Joanne and me talk in our opening comments and Josh in his last response, about kind of brand equities and connecting consumers emotionally with these values. And as you know, that's a process that is part science and part art, but it's also 100% experience. And it's one where when you look at a premium fashion brand, you do not turn it on a dime. And so if you go back 6 or 7 years when we had overextended the Coach brand, the process of rebuilding the health of that critical brand did not happen overnight. And I still personally remember how there was a period of time after we had taken some dramatic steps to reconnect the brand with its core consumer, when we did not immediately see green shoots. So we had to, at that time, have confidence in the relevance of our brand values and in the experience of brand-building. 
And in many ways, Oliver, this is where we are met today with Kate Spade, right? Since acquiring the brand, we've changed both the creative and commercial leadership of the brand. We understand what the process is for building brand health and growing the business. And we also -- as part of that, we understand that it's not a straight line, but it's one that we believe we will get right because it's just part of our DNA. And I've got to tell you, we really believe we're not telling ourselves stories, we're not telling you stories. When we look at the core pillars of this brand and we see a lot of white space, a lot of alignment with the values, the desires of a large group of consumers globally. So the brand work we've done and more recently done with the help of some outside consultants since I became CEO has only confirmed and deepened our internal analysis in terms of just the size of the potential market that really has an alignment with the Kate Spade brand pillars. 
So as I said earlier, when working with premium fashion brands, positioning yourself for sustained growth does not happen in a straight line. It's a process. It's a process that we know well. And it's a process that we're confident that we will get right. There are a number of near-term tactical steps that we're taking, including adding more novelty to the product line, broadening the assortment in specialty, particularly around satchels, more innovation in outlet. But all of those are steps or durations along the way towards a process that we've been through before and that we're confident that we will ultimately get right.

Thank you, Omar. A couple of comments there. First, in terms of broadly some of the benefits of the multi-brand and then we'll talk to more specifically to digitally. But as you've likely heard us talk about before, first is just the diversified earnings stream reduces the pressure on us to be overly reliant on any one brand. Two, stronger -- we're stronger when dealing with landlords, whether buying, marketing, advertising and as well as creating a more robust platform for top-tier talent to want to be on. And so that is -- those are some of the benefits. As you've heard us talk about in earlier calls, we've also talked extensively about our Data Labs capability that we've built now over time that allows us to both take a very deep database and leverage the insights from that database everywhere from marketing to promotional cadence to really thinking through our brand alignment in terms of product as well as store environment. 
Our new Chief Digital Officer, Noam, has really brought a lot of capacity to bear in terms of thinking through an enterprise plan that allows us to drive kind of efficiency across the platform. So we're actually -- one of the key aspects of the work we're doing right now in terms of a diagnostic work is very focused on how to better leverage our digital capability. And that's literally everything from thinking about strategic partners with people such -- with entities such as Tmall and how do we deepen that to thinking about other ways of, in an omni-channel world, meeting our customer where she or he most looks to engage with the product. 
And there's some -- I think one of the benefits of this combination that we talked about of experienced management with new leaders coming in is that there have been certain aspects of digital that have perhaps been a little bit more out of -- one that the organization was less willing to engage with that we're very much open to thinking about how -- whether or not it makes sense for us to engage with and to leverage as part of driving the top line growth of this business.

Absolutely. So why don't I start and then, Josh, you may want to jump in. First, it's early days in the quarter. And our guidance that we've given in terms of full year guidance is predicated on our current view in terms of outlook for the quarter and beyond. So I wouldn't say a lot more than that. But one comment I'll make in terms of just Coach and the opportunity there, very much believe and a lot of the initial work that we're doing is that there is actually substantial opportunity over the intermediate to long term to actually -- to drive organic growth there to even more closely align the core brand values with where we believe consumers are today and where consumers are going. So if anything, some of the early days of the work that we're doing would suggest that there is a greater growth opportunity there as opposed to what I think was implicit in your question in terms of the opposite of that.

Yes. I'll say this. We don't anticipate any significant shifts in our marketing spend as we go forward. And although we are -- one of the conversations that we have had a lot of discussion on internally is the mix of performance versus brand-building. And if you take a look at last year second quarter, we didn't spend effectively anything on marketing. This year, we will spend on marketing.

Thank you. And in many ways, both questions are, I think, asking the same question in 2 different ways. But the work that we are doing is really intended to make sure -- first, part of it is to really make sure we get underneath the brand equities and that we have real clarity as to the distinct consumer basis for each of the brands. And the work we've done so far, built on top of internal work that's been done, does underscore that they are distinct consumer bases. And as such, we think as we execute against those consumer bases that you will see even probably greater distinction between the positioning of the products and the brands between each of the brands. 
That said, inherent in that is a view that the Kate Spade brand -- and sorry to repeat myself, but the Kate Spade brand does speak very clearly to a substantial core consumer, somebody who is looking for fashion, who's looking for fun, who's looking for a feminine product. And we think that there's a reasonable amount of white space around that positioning that creates real opportunity for that brand. So we're optimistic but also mindful of the real work ahead of us to more fully achieve that potential.

Right. So why don't we -- I mean the big headwind that we've talked about is traffic here domestically and largely driven by a falloff in tourism. But why don't we perhaps start with Coach and then we can talk as appropriate about the other brands?

And just very briefly in terms of Kate Spade, the traffic trends are consistent there. So nothing really different to say there. And on Stuart Weitzman, the challenge is the historical one coming out of our supply chain challenges, which had an impact on our order book with -- at wholesale, which we're very, very much focused on addressing. So thank you for the question.

Terrific. Thank you, Andrea. I want to just take a moment to thank our shareholders. We are mindful that it is your capital that enables us to come to work every day, seeking to connect consumers emotionally with our powerful brands. We take our responsibility as stewards of your capital very seriously. To my fellow employees, thank you for everything you do for our customers, and thank you for your contributions to the culture of this house of remarkable brands. I'm grateful for the opportunity to work with each of you. Thank you.