Good morning. Thank you, Andrea, and thank you to all of you for joining our earnings call. This morning, we reported our fiscal second quarter results, which exceeded our plan. Our outperformance was driven by continued momentum at Coach and a significant sequential improvement at Kate Spade. In addition, we exited the quarter in a good inventory position. 
We also entered our third fiscal quarter with strong underlying trends, notably at Coach, as sales growth accelerated from the holiday period. Therefore, we had originally anticipated maintaining our fiscal year '20 guidance despite continuing headwinds in Hong Kong and challenges at Stuart Weitzman. However, the escalating coronavirus outbreak in China is now impacting our business, resulting in both significant traffic declines and the closure of the majority of our stores on the mainland. As a result, we now expect that the second half of our fiscal year could be impacted by approximately $200 million to $250 million in sales and $0.35 to $0.45 in earnings per diluted share given the current trends in China. If the situation further deteriorates or the outbreak further affects demand outside of the country, this impact could be worse. 
Our primary concern is the health and well-being of our team, their families and their local communities who are dealing with the daily realities of this situation. We believe in the resilience of the Chinese people, and our view, that China represents a significant opportunity for our brands is unchanged. 
We are confident in our ability to effectively operate through this period of uncertainty. It is worth noting that during our 20 years as a public company, we've successfully faced myriad macro and geopolitical dislocations from the Great Recession in 2009, to 9/11, to SARS and to the Fukushima earthquake and tsunami in 2011. We have consistently emerged from such turbulent periods, a stronger company. Our strong balance sheet, cash position and diversified sourcing base and supply chain afford us the flexibility to operate our company for the long-term and to emerge stronger as we have many times in the past. 
Let me turn to the second quarter results by brand. We achieved another quarter of solid and consistent performance at Coach. This was our ninth consecutive quarter of positive comps, one that was driven by increases in handbags, average unit retail, or AURs, in both outlet and retail. This speaks to how innovation and brand strength drives value as our products resonated with consumers around the world. Coach's global digital channels led growth this quarter while regionally, North America outpaced our international businesses in the aggregate. 
Turning to Kate Spade. Revenue was better than expected. We realized a mid-single-digit decline in comparable store sales versus expectations for a high single-digit -- for high single-digit decreases as we actively work to address merchandising and product challenges. In addition, we moved through excess inventory using higher levels of promotions during this typically markdown-heavy holiday period. 
At Stuart Weitzman, sales declined despite strong growth in Mainland China. Demand was soft in North America and across other regions. That said, the gross margin expanded significantly and resulted in operating income in line with the prior year. 
During the quarter, we completed the comprehensive review of our brands and business that I described on our last earnings call. This diagnostic work has provided important insights into where we need to focus to build sustainable brand health and growth. There is no silver bullet. Rather, there are a handful of important changes that when aggregated, will prove transformational. We will change key aspects of how we work. There are 3 major areas we've identified that will have the biggest impact on our business: consumer centricity, data-driven decision making and how we work. To drive the successful development and implementation of changed business practices, we're forming a project management office, which will ensure that our objectives are clear, that internal teams have the resources to succeed and that multiple activities are coordinated. While we're not ready to share the specific plans at this time, we do have increasing clarity as to the opportunities we intend to go after, and we look forward to sharing our plans in detail at an Analyst and Investor Day this summer. 
Before I mention additional details about our holiday performance, I want to touch on our leadership announcement this morning, which detailed a number of changes to the company's senior management team. 
First, I'm pleased to announce Liz Fraser as CEO and Brand President of Kate Spade. Liz brings over 30 years of industry experience and leadership to Tapestry, having served as President of La Fayette 148, CEO of Anne Klein, and before that, President of Marc by Marc Jacobs, where she built that business into a multichannel, multicategory global lifestyle brand. As CEO and Brand President, Liz will lead all aspects of the brand globally, working closely with Creative Director, Nicola Glass and the brand's leadership team. I'm confident that Liz's leadership style, combined with her strong track record of getting things done will translate into great outcomes for our Kate Spade team and business. 
Eraldo Poletto, CEO and Brand President of Stuart Weitzman, recently informed us of his decision to leave the company. I'm grateful to Eraldo for the enthusiasm and dedication he brought to Stuart Weitzman, and I wish him every success in the future. Eraldo will depart on March 1, and I'm pleased to promote an internal successor. Giorgio Sarne, currently President, Tapestry Asia; and President and CEO, Coach Japan and Asia, has been promoted to CEO and Brand President of Stuart Weitzman. Partnering closely with Head of Product Design, Edmundo Castillo, Giorgio will be responsible for all aspects of Stuart Weitzman globally. Giorgio joined Coach in 2013 in New York, and since 2016, has done an excellent job in leading Coach in Japan and overseeing operations in Korea and other markets in Southeast Asia. He is a passionate and strategic leader who I have great confidence will lead Stuart Weitzman into a new future. 
Emmanuel Ruelland, currently Vice President, General Manager, Tapestry Southeast Asia & Oceania, will succeed Giorgio as President of Coach Asia, which includes Japan, Korea, Southeast Asia, Australia and New Zealand. 
I'm also pleased to announce that Yann Bozec, currently President of Tapestry China and President and CEO, Coach China, will take on a Tapestry leadership role across Asia Pacific, in addition to his existing responsibilities. Yann joined Coach Japan in 2008, and has been instrumental in the brand's development and growth in the Asia region, notably its success in China. Most recently, he guided the integration of both Kate Spade's and Stuart Weitzman's China operations onto the Tapestry platform. 
This organization has the opportunity to capitalize on the significant opportunities that exists for each of our brands, and I'm delighted to have Liz, Giorgio and Yann join our Tapestry Executive Committee. 
Now let us discuss results by brand in greater detail, starting with Coach. Global comparable store sales rose 2% in the second quarter led by outperformance in North America and more generally across our e-commerce platforms. In aggregate, our international businesses were even with prior year, with strong comp growth in other Asia, Europe and Mainland China, offsetting continued weakness in Hong Kong. As anticipated, the Japan comp declined slightly, reflecting the consumer tax increase, which went into effect on October 1. Excluding Hong Kong, global comps were up roughly 3%. The driver of our global bricks-and-mortar comparable store sales with ticket or ADT, reflecting our AUR increases achieved through new product development, successful launches at higher price points and outlet and lower levels of promotional activity. 
In addition, while our North American wholesale shipments were slightly below prior year, our business at POS remains strong despite fewer promotional event days. We are particularly proud of the brand's performance in North America in light of the weaker mall traffic trends. Importantly, Coach's momentum in North America was evidenced by our U.S. brand tracking survey fielded in December, which showed strength and positive brand affinities among the broad premium market. We are pleased to see the perception of Coach as a brand on the way up increase significantly and match fiscal year '13's all-time high, making it a standout within our panel. 
Now looking at our second quarter progress against Coach's brand strategies for fiscal year '20. First, we accelerated product innovation and disruption across our Good, Better, Best price architecture in retail with the introductions of additional colors and seasonal materials of Tabby and the launch of our Horse & Carriage logo platform alongside newness in Signature. In outlet, we successfully drove AUR with the relaunch of our top 5 bag styles. Each style received fresh design details and increased functionality such that we were able to command a 10% to 15% premium versus their previous counterparts. With these new core styles in place, we layered on new fashion introductions to drive silhouette newness and to respond to market trends. The success of this initiative gives us the confidence to further lean into the opportunity to reduce promotional activity, drive higher prices and protect gross margins in the outlet channel. 
In addition, during the quarter, we continued to drive disproportionate growth beyond bags in our less-developed women's and men's footwear and ready-to-wear categories. 
Second, we drove fashion authority through cultural relevance and created brand moments around key global events. Specific examples tailored to local markets this quarter included our participation in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. In fact, the Coach flow was the first for a luxury fashion company and featured singer and actor, Billy Porter. 
In China, we celebrated Double 11, previously known as Singles Day, with compelling digital content featuring local talent. Overall, we generated a very positive response for our global digital content, including our holiday campaign, featuring Kate Moss, Yara Shahidi and a diverse mix of personalities that garnered nearly 1 billion impressions. 
As you likely noticed, in mid-November, we announced Jennifer Lopez as the global face of Coach. While her official partnership with the brand begins now in the spring 2020 season, she began posting during the second quarter, driving significant buzz around the brand. 
Third, we injected excitement into stores, bringing both creativity and convenience into the shopping experience. We continue to drive traffic through our store takeover and pop-up strategy involving nearly 80 installations during the quarter, including many dedicated to the launch of the Coach X Michael B. Jordan capsule collection in October and the Horse & Carriage collection in December. In outlet, we kicked off preholiday excitement in November with disruptive activations around our Star Wars collaboration. 
On the digital innovation and e-commerce front, we piloted the Love, Scan, Save in-store digital tool in over 50 North America outlet stores during the quarter. This tool allowed the customer to use their smartphone to scan product to instantly see the out-the-door price, add favorite items to their bag and skip the line for a faster checkout. We're encouraged by early results and customer feedback. And in China, we built on the momentum from our soft launch on Tmall earlier this year with our official brand opening in December where we ranked highest amongst global brands in the handbag category, while continuing to see growth across other e-commerce platforms, including our own coach.com and on WeChat. We estimate that nearly 90% of Tmall customers were new to Coach. 
We're looking forward to spring with our first campaign featuring Jennifer Lopez while we continue to partner with Michael B. Jordan as the face of Coach Men's. In retail, we will launch 2 new handbag families, and we will showcase Coach's heritage with the global rollout of Coach originals grounded in leather craft, reintroducing archival shapes with a nod to the past through a modern aesthetic. Outside of handbags, we are very excited about the launch of the dual-gender CitySole sneaker collection that merges Coach's fashion authority with technology to increase comfort and flexibility and to minimize impact and meet. For the first time in over 3 years, we're dedicating significant marketing investment to the footwear category with out-of-home, digital content and pop-ups. 
In summary, we remain optimistic about our ability to accelerate Coach's growth over the long term. 
Moving to Kate Spade. Total sales were even with last year on both a reported and in constant currency, with a mid-single-digit comp decline, offset by new store distribution. Comparable store sales were ahead of our expectations and improved sequentially, declining 4% in aggregate as we move through excess inventory and began to take key product and merchandising actions to optimize our assortment and to enhance the brand's novelty offering. In our bricks-and-mortar business, conversion was positive for the quarter, helped in part by higher levels of promotion, while traffic comp remained under significant pressure. 
Our international markets continue to outpace our domestic business with positive comps in Mainland China, Europe and other Asia, while our global dotcom channels were also positive. 
Turning to product and brand strategy at Kate Spade. As mentioned on our last call, our strategy for holiday was to broaden the product assortment in retail to satisfy more usage occasions and to add back fun, color and novelty. As a result, we saw a strong performance in our expanded satchel offering as well as in holiday giftables and jewelry. Collaborations, particularly Minnie Mouse in outlet and Tom and Jerry in both channels, resonated strongly with customers. Our cats group and novelty tiny elephant bag added a touch of whimsy over the holiday. 
In Marketing, our objective was to establish the brand as a global gifting destination through compelling and impactful content and collaborations with a focus on digital. Post Black Friday, we increased our spend on digital to drive traffic to our dotcom site and generated significant growth in new and existing customers in December. Our holiday gift guide was also a notable win in North America, with significant gains in spend year-over-year. 
In outlet, as we've discussed, we've been increasing the overall level of innovation, and we'll have a focus on prints, novelty and fashion in the second half. 
Looking ahead to spring, in retail, we will continue to add newness in satchels while expanding our crossbody offering in keeping with a hands-free trend in the market. In both channels, we're excited about the footwear opportunity as it comes in-house with the first designs having arrived with the February floor set. We've developed exciting initiatives for both Valentine's Day and Mother's Day, adding new brand spokespeople in the marketing mix, such as the artist and poem -- poet, Cleo Wade and the Japanese comedienne and icon, Naomi Watanabe. In aggregate, we expect these actions to support an improvement in comps in the second half of the year versus the first half as the brand should be less impacted by the coronavirus outbreak given Kate Spade's relatively modest exposure to the Chinese consumer globally. 
As mentioned, we've recently completed an intensive review of our business. Our intent to Kate Spade is to reengage our core consumer and attract new customers by building the next-generation platform for women's self-expression, empowering individuality. We recognize the multidimensional nature of our customer, we will return to being the brand that enables her to live life to the fullest, from celebrating her own individual style to creating a positive and enriching community. To implement this strategy, we need to balance sophistication, emotion, wit, novelty and color, all across all aspects of Kate. Our customers still had a wealth of goodwill towards the brand, but we must ensure that we have product that is compelling and relevant to her lifestyle, supported by marketing that more effectively connects her emotionally with the brand. With Liz Fraser at the helm, leading the strong team in place, we will crystallize our brand pillars to find clear brand territories and create an action plan to drive growth. 
Turning to Stuart Weitzman. Top line sales remained weak. We continue to experience soft wholesale demand, while our direct business also underperformed our expectations as we were unable to fully offset traffic challenges through increased conversion. China did continue to outperform with positive comps. We also generated a significant improvement in gross margin, which enabled operating income to match prior year levels. 
In product, we lacked distinctive newness in our heritage boot offering to drive an improvement in sales. However, we were encouraged by the consumer response to our key introductions, such as the MCKENZEE boot and the ANICIA pump outside of footwear. We drove handbag sales with the new 5050 bucket bag and nod to the iconic boot of the same name. 
In marketing, we continue to build our awareness globally with our first-ever Stuart Weitzman holiday campaign, which featured Misty Copeland. Total impressions reached nearly 1.5 billion globally. As we entered the third quarter, we gained unprecedented exposure from our Times Square billboard on New Year's Eve, with 1.5 million people in Times Square and over 1 billion global live broadcast viewers. 
Looking forward, we have built on these learnings and are reinvigorating our footwear icons through extensions in colors, materials and hardware, while injecting innovation in the overall assortment in keeping with market trends. For spring, we've concentrated on sandal innovation beyond the NUDIST family with an expanded assortment of flats, wedges and mules. 
Stuart Weitzman has always represented a fusion of fashion and fit, a key differentiator for the brand, one that is highly valued by our customers. Our diagnostic review has reaffirmed that Stuart Weitzman has a strong and distinct brand proposition at the gateway to luxury, with considerable white space above it. It has a distinctive heritage and DNA, melding European luxury aesthetics and craftsmanship with American practicality and comfort. 
We are now addressing our challenges through investment and talent, operational process improvements and a focus on the fashion sensibility of the core design aesthetic. I'm confident that under Giorgio's leadership, we can leverage the brand's core equities to drive revenue growth and improve profitability long term. 
To recap, we delivered aggregate second quarter results that were ahead of our plan and enter Q3 in a position of strength. We are very confident in our ability to successfully navigate what we expect to be a time-limited dislocation resulting from the coronavirus outbreak, underscored by our successful track record in managing through similar challenging periods in years past. 
Importantly, our teams are focused on creating action plans and strategies based on the insights from our diagnostic review. We have both a sense of urgency and a willingness to objectively face our challenges as we bring data, evidence and logic to our work. We are stewards of 3 powerful brands and have the means to affect significant and positive change across our operating model to define the next chapter of sustainable growth at our company. 
With that, let's turn to Joanne for the financial review of the quarter and our outlook. Joanne?

Thank you for that succinct question. So let me maybe take the latter part of your question first. To be clear, as we look at transforming Tapestry, it's not about shrinking our total revenue or earnings to drive future growth. We're focused on sustained growth and returns from here. We'll grow from fiscal year '20 results, excluding any impact -- the impact of the coronavirus situation. 
And so to just be doubly clear, we're not going to be satisfied with another flat year. We're committed to drawing a line under the current results. So to turn really to the meat of your question. Coming out of the diagnostic work we've done in recent months here, we're focused on 5 core opportunities. One is becoming truly consumer-centric. The second is to create a culture here at Tapestry and across our 3 brands that enables faster decisions that are more responsive to consumer desires. The third is to use data to inform forward decisions. The fourth is better aligning our operating model with our product positioning. And then the fifth is to more clearly define the purpose of each of our brands. 
I know as much as I'd love to expand on each one of those, now is not the time to do so. I'll leave that to the Investor and Analyst Day that I mentioned earlier. However, why don't I just maybe take a moment here and give you a couple of examples of what it is we have in mind. And perhaps the first one would be around consumer centricity, and I know that a lot of companies are focused on becoming more consumer-centric, but let me just talk about what that means here for us at Tapestry. And for us, it means improving our skills at asking questions of and listening to consumers and adopting a very rapid test-and-learn set of processes that feed real-time insights back into our business to inform decision-making and to inform results. Our objective is to leverage data and insights, anticipate where consumers are traveling and to be there when they arrive. And this really -- and one of the things that really came out of our diagnostic work is that this compares to today where, in many instances, we've erected barriers to even meeting consumers where they currently are, much less where they're traveling to.
Perhaps just to make it -- I'll give you an example of when I say that we've erected barriers. We've historically discouraged marketing to consumers in certain of our distribution channels, which has ultimately limited our ability to acquire new consumers. So as we look at integrating consumer centricity into how we work, it will have an impact in very tangible ways, whether in the product development process, whether in our marketing, as I alluded to just a moment ago, certainly, in our pricing and promotion decisions. And so across a number of very tangible aspects of our business. 
The other example I might use in terms of areas of opportunity coming out of our diagnostic work is using data to inform forward decisions. And so today, we're a very data-heavy company, but we largely use data to assess past events rather than to drive predictive, fact-based, forward-looking decision-making. I would characterize it as we are reactive rather than being proactive, and I think we have a tremendous opportunity to leverage technology and data to drive faster, more insightful decisions across the enterprise. And that will impact everything from supply chain to demand planning to product allocation to buying decisions. 
So without kind of going on at more length, very much look forward to this summer when we'll have an opportunity to much more -- have a much more in-depth discussion of the opportunities we see across the 5 areas that I highlighted a moment ago, which we think will truly transform our operating model, allowing our operations and our organization to better anticipate and to become more responsive to changing consumer desires. And doing so in ways that will have material, I believe, revenue, margin and balance sheet implications for our business.

Josh, anything you would add?

Yes. When you said how far below, and then we didn't hear what...

But to your underlying point, Alex, we do believe that that represents a substantial opportunity to regain back much of what it is that we have over an extended period of time given back. And so maybe you want to talk about Signature or Logo?

And Josh, it's maybe worth just -- I'm saying something that may have been implicit, Alex, in your question, even at current penetration, Signature is materially below where it was in the last cycle.

CitySole is a big deal. Maybe -- I'm sorry, go ahead.

Great. So maybe let's split that because there's a lot there. Maybe Josh will talk about CitySole. Joanne, as you all know, has been the interim leader of Kate, so maybe she can talk about the some of the Kate brand-specific comments, and then I'll close out by talking about Liz Fraser, the new President there, the new brand CEO.

Absolutely. So just -- Oliver, to your question about Liz, she is the right person at the right time for Kate Spade. And that this is somebody who has 30 years of relevant industry experience. And she has run the gamut from merchant roles to supply chain roles to -- for the last -- better part of the last 1.5 decades, leadership roles. The -- she's clearly, in her last 2 incarnations, knows the ready-to-wear and the handbag accessory business well. And then most relevant for 14 years, she was a key player in building the Marc by Marc Jacobs business from roughly $20 million in revenues to well over $750 million in revenues. So this is a person who gets things done, has built businesses and has very good relationships with her internal teams and external teams. I followed her now for over a decade, and I'm really pleased that she's going to be joining us and joining the Kate Spade team.

Great. And with respect to Stuart Weitzman, a couple of comments. First of all, and particularly, on the back end here of our diagnostic work, we are quite confident in terms of the strength of that brand, a brand that basically has a unique proposition as a gateway to luxury and where we think that there is a fair amount of white space above us with its distinctive heritage and DNA, as you've heard us talk about before in terms of melding or this fusion of European lux with aesthetics and craftsmanship merged with or combined with an American practicality and comfort. 
So fundamentally, the brand, we think, is a powerful brand. The -- we've talked in the past about some of the challenges we had in earlier days on design and supply chain, which are working their way through the system. And so our focus now is very firmly on the product line. And as I mentioned in my opening comments, we've lacked innovation, to just be very blunt about it, particularly in our core heritage boot offering as well as just real distinctive newness more broadly across the product architecture to drive top line sales. The team has been very focused on that. And that takes some time to just work its way through the pipeline, but we believe that we are making progress on that front. 
And I'm really excited about Giorgio because he is somebody who has had a tremendous impact at every business in our organization that he has been a part of. And I'm confident that coming together with the existing team at Stuart Weitzman, he's going to have a really big impact, particularly as we look to both have a very strong base as well as to periodically have key items that we lean very heavily into. So it's on the right track. We think Giorgio will help accelerate moving it further forward. And it's a business that we continue to feel very good about, particularly, frankly, coming out of the diagnostic work.

Thank you.

And I was just going to just say on the question with regard to Coach in the second half, we don't disaggregate our -- we don't disaggregate the growth.

Absolutely. So first, I just want to underscore the comments that we've made that I know a lot of our industry peers have made in terms of just our focus on both on our team in China, on their families and on their communities. But also just much more broadly to the Chinese people. We -- those of us that live in New York, many of us went through 9/11, and we understand just how deeply unsettling a situation such as this can be. And we've got clearly immense confidence in the Chinese people, in their character and in their resilience. 
And I believe that clearly, the fear that is evident in a day-to-day basis there is one that will abate, and look forward to doing everything we can as a corporate citizen to be a part of helping China more broadly return to a greater sense of normalcy as we all as global citizens have seen in so many other crises in the world over time. So I just want to say that and say that very clearly and heartfelt. 
The second comment I would just make in closing, which is one where I'd like to just call out one of our many colleagues in this -- in our organization who I had the privilege of spending time with last week. And this is a gentleman named Darrian Lewis, who is the store manager for Coach's Chicago premium outlet store. And poor Darrian had me show up on his doorstep a week ago as basically one of the members of his team. I worked as a sales associate on the floor much again to the chagrin of Darrian and his team and almost certainly to the surprise of most customers who wondered why the usual high standard of both hiring at Coach seemed to have dropped. 
But one of the things that I learned through that day, which was really humbling, frankly, is, first of all, as we talk about consumer centricity, when you got to stand in front of a customer and figure out what she wants and try to anticipate where she's going, you learn something about consumer centricity in that. What I also learned was just how amazing the teamwork is whether it's at Coach, whether it's at Kate Spade, whether it's at Stuart Weitzman in terms of how our team support each other, how they work so well together and how they create a remarkable experience in-store for our customers. 
Parenthetically, we smashed the sales targets for that day in that store. So...

Yes. So at least that part of the second half of growth that we will disaggregate and so distributed well. 
But I just want to say thank you to everyone within Tapestry across our fleet, across all of our 3 brands for everything you do because really, it's the opportunity to work with such a remarkable leadership team that makes me most proud to be here at Tapestry. 
So thank you all for your confidence and your interest in Tapestry. And we look forward to continuing the conversation, particularly as we navigate through these challenging times.