Good morning. Thank you, Andrea, and thank you, everyone, for joining our call. I hope this is the first and the last earnings call I'll be taking from my home office in Brooklyn. Sadly, all of us are living through a true 100-year storm. No one is exempt from the daily realities of COVID-19. Our thanks go out to courageous individuals on the frontline of the fight against this pandemic. Our hearts are with those affected by its ravages. This crisis has profoundly impacted the way we live our lives and manage our business. 
This morning, we reported our fiscal third quarter results. These are the first adjusted quarterly earnings loss in our nearly 20 years as a public company. We entered the calendar year with a strong underlying momentum, most notably for the Coach brand. As the novel coronavirus expanded across the globe, our results materially weakened. Initially, we hoped the pandemic's damage would be limited to 1 country or a region, especially as Mainland China and South Korea began recovering. By mid-March, results deteriorated in North America, Europe and numerous countries across Asia Pacific. We never before experienced a time when 90% of our store fleet was either closed or on shortened operating hours. It's clear that the crisis will have an impact lasting beyond a quarter or 2. We're taking steps to mitigate the impact on a business that requires sales growth to leverage brick-and-mortar store expenses. 
As we look ahead, we're focusing our efforts on 4 key areas: protecting the health and well-being of our people, our consumers and our communities; driving digital revenue and revenue in China and South Korea, while preparing for store reopenings; accelerating key elements of our multiyear growth agenda; and preserving liquidity and enhancing financial flexibility, which Joanne will take you through shortly.  
First, guided by our values, we have prioritized our community, our people, their families and our customers. Nearly 3 months ago, we acted swiftly to close stores in Mainland China. We reopened where it was safe to do so. We've continued to provide pay and benefits to our retail associates while moving our corporate staff to a remote working environment, initially in China, today in North America and Europe. While our distribution centers remained operational, we've instituted enhanced health and safety precautions, and we're supporting our local communities through philanthropic donations from our brand foundations and specific initiatives around PPE. I'm incredibly proud of our teams around the world. I want to express my gratitude for the spirit and dedication they show every day.  
Second, here are the actions we've taken to drive revenues and reopen stores. We've seen green shoots and are confident we will weather the storm and emerge strong. During our last earnings call, I noted that the vast majority of our Mainland China stores were closed. By mid-March, 95% of our stores on the mainland were open, although traffic lagged year ago levels. Over the last 6 weeks, we've opened all remaining stores, and we've seen brick-and-mortar sales build, led by retail. We've also seen significant disparities within the country, impacted in part by domestic travel restrictions. Unlike some of our European counterparts, the preponderance of our sales to the Chinese consumer globally have historically occurred in China. While our sales are encouraging, we're not experiencing outsized domestic growth driven by the repatriation of tourist spending.  
In addition to these dynamics in China, revenues in South Korea are recovering. All our stores in South Korea are operating under normal hours. We learned important lessons from our Chinese business, which are informing our actions globally as we start to turn the lights back on in Europe, North America and the rest of the world. We are reopening stores based on federal, state, province or municipal requirements in the different countries where we operate. We're making these decisions carefully on a location-by-location basis. 
Our reopening playbook is focused on protecting the health and safety of our consumers and associates, including: the cleaning of stores and fitting rooms; signage that highlights social distancing requirements; the enforcement of maximum customer densities; the use of masks and gloves where appropriate; offering sanitizers and wipes at cash wraps; and the availability of contactless payment and other measures. In accordance with these guidelines, I'm pleased to announce that tomorrow, we will reopen approximately 40 stores in North America with only contactless curbside with storefront pickup service. Customers will have the ability to place orders over the phone and for some retail stores online as well and have orders brought to them curbside or at the storefront, depending on mall configurations. We plan to offer this service in additional stores in the future. As of today, we've reopened 5 locations in Germany and Austria as well as a dozen in Australia. 
Moving from brick-and-mortar to digital. Not surprisingly, e-commerce was a bright spot this quarter, and we leaned into it. We shifted our marketing investment and focus to strengthen our presence in consumer channels where our consumer shops today. Responding digitally is particularly important in a world where the majority of our physical stores are closed. Roughly 10% of Tapestry's pre-COVID sales were generated online. Leaning into digital as this secular trend accelerates is a significant opportunity and a critical element of our customer-centric growth agenda. Our global distribution centers are operating with little interruption. This is key to servicing increasing e-commerce demand. We had no material China-related supply chain issues. We manufacture a limited product in China and have a geographically diversified manufacturing and sourcing base. 
Subsequent to quarter end, there were more disruptions across Asia and Europe. However, we successfully worked with our raw material and service providers to actively balance changing levels of supply and demand. We are pleased that most of our partners in Europe have reopened, including tanneries in Italy and footwear makers in Spain. Our distribution and logistics operations, including shipping, trucking and air freight are in good order. 
Importantly, we're acting decisively to fast track work already underway prior to the onset of COVID-19, and we're focused on driving outsized growth in digital and creating a more streamlined and data-driven organization. We do not know how long this pandemic will impact us, but the world will be different on the other side. Consumer behaviors are changing and secular trends are accelerating. 
As mentioned earlier, one of the most important consumer trends is digital, with increasing online consumer exploration, engagement and purchasing. We are advancing our understanding of consumers' digital experiences to respond to their needs and desires. We must be better able to meet consumers where they are traveling. The shift from brick-and-mortar to digital shopping is accelerating. Physical stores will always play a vital role in a consumer's experience with our brands, but we expect their share versus digital will move towards greater parity. Growth in digital represents a consumer expressing where they prefer to shop, and we have to acknowledge this shift. For example, this means extending our partnership with Tmall in China. This also means carefully scrutinizing our distribution network as stores reopen and traffic levels normalize at what could be lower post-COVIDian brick-and-mortar levels. Successful business models for the future will make substantial investments in enabling platforms. We are also reimagining our operating model and culture. Being rigorous about leveraging data proactively to make forward decisions is critical. Listening to the consumer is job won.
Before turning to Joanne, I'll briefly describe strategies specific to each of our brands. Starting with Coach. Our focus is on 3 areas: digital engagement, accelerating growth in China and operational excellence achieved through rightsizing our SG&A cost structure and improved balance sheet management. 
Digital, which as we've discussed, is more than a shopping platform. It's about meeting with, engaging and empowering the consumer, and connecting with their values. 
China represents Coach's largest geographic growth opportunity. Chinese customers are proving resilient in their continued appetite for fashion and luxury. Our strong brand momentum and positioning will enable us to benefit from the rapid growth of the Chinese middle class. Already highly digitally engaged, Chinese consumers have increased their digital interaction with Coach through official social media sites as well as by engaging store associates on social media platforms such as WeChat. Coach conducted hundreds of live stream sessions that proved an important way to drive business.  
Finally, we are focused on improving operational efficiencies in both the near and long term. First, we're assessing our global store fleet and holding individual stores to a higher productivity threshold. Second, we're materially reducing our SKU assortment with the objective of significantly improving supply chain efficiencies and inventory turns. Third, we're substantially reducing our corporate payroll while maintaining best-in-class brand experience and service levels. 
At Kate Spade, Liz Fraser is fully engaged in every aspect of the business. With a mission to reconnect with the core culture and unique spirit of the brand, she is focused on brand strategy and customer centricity. On the product level, the important role of color and novelty remain central, while the team works to redefine the balance and healthy tension between playfulness and pragmatism, 2 of the brand's defining values. The team is also putting great emphasis on community and customer, understanding the consumer more thoroughly in order to better serve and engage her. As a result, in recent weeks, the effectiveness of digital marketing has driven major increases in the e-commerce business as well as in social media engagement. And those stores largely remain closed, the team is finding new approaches. Some retail customers have personally reached out, and so the brand has begun testing Zoom shopping parties with notable success.  
Turning to Stuart Weitzman. While we are disappointed in the brand's recent performance, and the related impairment charge, we remain confident in the brand's long-term potential and are focused on returning it to sustainable, profitable growth. Our teams, led by Giorgio Sarné, are executing a number of key initiatives, including, first, creating a focused assortment that speaks to the brand's fashion sensibility and leadership position in the boot, espadrille and sandal categories. As an example, we just recently launched our new espadrille family, once a key platform for the brand and a nod to our Spanish ties. We are pleased with the early online performance. Second, driving growth in China through strategic store openings and marketing investment. And third, expanding the brand's digital capabilities. Examples include: buy online and pick up in store, a key omnichannel functionality; an innovative browsing experience to increase discovery and conversion; and more efficient customer segmenting and targeting capabilities that will enable us to increase customer personalization.  
In summary, no one is immune to the effects of this 100-year storm. We're taking aggressive actions to ensure that Tapestry emerges a strong company when conditions normalize. We have a strong balance sheet, we benefit from a multichannel international distribution model, our exposure to wholesale is modest and our supply chain is diversified. Most importantly, we have powerful brands with deep consumer connections and a long history of successfully navigating global challenges and macroeconomic shocks.  
With that, let's turn to Joanne for a brief financial review of the quarter and the actions we've taken to mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 crisis. Joanne?

Absolutely. Thank you, Bob, and I hope you're well also. With respect to the category, we're confident in terms of our ability to both weather the storm, but as importantly, to come out the other end strong. If you look at kind of previous downturns, whether those are macroeconomic or whether those are natural disasters around the world, in our experience coming out of those periods, we've seen continued strong demand for our product and have no reason to believe that this will be any different, particularly when we look at the real-world experience that we're getting in parallel today. We clearly have seen what is happening to our business in China and in South Korea. And we, on an everyday basis, globally, are seeing the demand for our product digitally. And so there's nothing we've seen that would suggest to us that we're not going to come out in this period with genuine, authentic, real demand for our products. 
With respect to your question on Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman. I guess the way I think about it is that it is actually, one, in times such as this, the power of a well-capitalized portfolio company is most evident. Smaller brands in our world, that's Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, benefit from having greater leverage with landlords and supply chain partners and from having a stronger balance sheet. At the same time, larger brands, in our case, Coach, benefit from innovation that we see at Kate and at Stuart that as that migrates across the brands, and there are a couple of great examples of that, which perhaps we'll get into later in the call. 
But I -- fundamentally, to come back to each of Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman have got unique brand propositions that have deep emotional connections to their customers. And one of the benefits of a lot of the work that we've done over the last 8 or so months is that our brand work has shown significant opportunities for both these brands, particularly at Kate Spade, where if there's ever a moment in terms of where consumer behavior is, and is evolving and where we believe it's going to evolve coming through this COVID-19 period, where there's a brand that connects with -- where it connects with where consumer behavior is going, the Kate Spade core culture and unique spirit is tailor-made for that. And then particularly, as we continue to reposition the important role of color and novelty in that brand, as we continue to work with the balance between playfulness and pragmatism of that brand, we think that there is real upside there. And so we're -- we believe as deeply in Kate Spade and Kate Spade coming through this period as ever.  
And Stuart Weitzman, differently but similarly, it's clearly a unique brand. It's got that balance, as we've talked about, between fashion sensibility with a remarkable fit. We're taking, as I mentioned or alluded to in my opening comments, very disciplined steps to narrow its assortment to focus much more clearly on boots, on espadrilles and on sandals, and to focus geographically very much on China, North America. And digitally, from a channel perspective. Stuart Weitzman is going to be a survivor. And particularly, in a category that's quite fragmented where others who are smaller and who don't have the benefit of being on a broader platform are not going to survive. And so we think that there's going to be a real market share opportunity for Stuart Weitzman.  
And then I guess, lastly, I'd just say that I couldn't be more pleased, our Executive committee couldn't be more pleased with Liz and Giorgio who have hit the ground running and are having a huge impact in each of their businesses. And as odd as it may sound to say, this moment has really proven catalytic for them and for their leadership, parenthetically as well as for the broader leadership team across Tapestry. So long way to say that we -- you don't want to go through a period such as this. But having gone through it as we all continue to go through it, we feel very confident about both Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman. So thank you, again, Bob.

Absolutely. So perhaps, Todd, you may want to start on the rents and on the fleet, and then I'll pick up on the SPs.

Great. And, Alex, with respect to the SPs, I would -- I know you know, we began as a manufacturer, right, with a factory on 34th Street. And I think that gives us a real sensibility in terms of understanding the SPs on top of what is a really strong supply chain team that we have, that engages with them every day. And so we have tried to be very thoughtful in our engagement with them as we cut forward deliveries in finding that right balance between clearly protecting our balance sheet, managing our inventory and cash levels and making sure that we did it in a way that our SPs can manage. And so -- and Joanne has talked about the financing facility that we put into place for the benefit of our SPs. And so we've tried to take steps such as that and others to make sure that they're able to weather this storm so that we have a robust ecosystem of suppliers coming out the other end. But at the same time, recognizing clearly, we've got to be strong, we've got to come through it well to be in a position to benefit from that on the other end.

That's quite a mouthful. Why don't you start, Todd? And then I'll add.

And the one thing I would add just on the broader theme of reopening is, clearly, as we reopen location by location, we do so into a world where the shift from brick-and-mortar to digital shopping is clearly accelerating, has been accelerated. It's a secular trend, but COVID-19 has clearly accelerated that trend. And as such, the line between physical and digital worlds is increasingly and will increasingly be blurred. That said, stores will always play a vital role for us and our consumers' experience with our brand. And so even though we think that the world will move to a place where there's greater parity between brick-and-mortar and digital, and this is not a short-term phenomenon, we continue clearly to be very, very invested in our brick-and-mortar stores.

Short answer is yes. Todd, do you want to add a little bit?

Thank you, Oliver. Why don't I start, Joanne, and then have you pick up? But on China, we -- I often smile because we've got a great benefit, clearly, of being global and being direct-to-consumer. And so in some ways, every day for us is Groundhog Day. We get to see something play out in China. And we get to learn from it and think about what implications that may have for us and the rest of the world and to adapt our businesses globally. So there are aspects of China that are certainly idiosyncratic to China, and we listen very carefully, and we try to understand that. But I would say, though, that when we look across other regions of our business, we think -- we believe that there are -- that there's also a lot that is relevant in the China experience. So for example, South Korea, which has a different policy framework than China does, has gone through a curve that is actually not that dissimilar to China, and that in many ways gives us some confidence in terms of as we think about what reopening may look like in the west. And even -- and as we look at our digital business in the west and we look at some of the underlying consumer behaviors, that would also suggest that there is real consumer demand coming through this period. And that, that, again, is not totally idiosyncratic to 1 region or 1 political system. 
The other comment I'd make to your WeChat and live streaming and at home is that, that's part of the comment I made a moment ago about blurring of the line between physical and digital. And increasingly, as we think about a real omnichannel world, where we see great opportunity going forward. And I loved what happened within our system, and this speaks to the power of the portfolio because the live streaming actually began at Stuart Weitzman in China. Our Coach team in China watched that, saw the potential -- not just potential, the actual impact it was having in terms of driving business. So they ended up taking it and reinterpreting it for Coach to real success. And then independently, all the way across the Pacific, we had different teams in California, in other parts of the U.S. and in North Carolina at Kate Spade, who took Zoom and brought people into their -- literally, store associates, bringing people into their personal closets and saw that it both created real brand heat, created real connectivity and then has translated into very strong digital results at Kate Spade. 
So we do think -- we don't view these as kind of aberrant data points. We believe that they're part of a secular trend and are working extraordinarily hard to make sure we learn the most from it.

Todd, you know the response on the malls.

Great. Thanks, Todd. So I'll take a slightly more expansive kind of response to your question about where we find ourselves and how we take advantage of being in a relatively strong position. And I'll go back to some comments that Joanne made earlier. But there really are 3 phases to both weathering the storm and then emerging strong. And really, the first is to -- there's an expression that they use in India that I'm fond of. It's "do the needful", right? So to rightsize our costs and make sure that our costs are really in line with the current scale of our business. And we're clearly doing that, have been doing that for some time. We'll continue to stay focused on that. 
Second is to rebuild, rethink core aspects of our operating model. And so is -- and we have the benefit, and we didn't know it at the time, of having begun rethinking our growth model 6, 8 months before COVID-19 hit. And so our ability to really be very thoughtful and deliberate about increasing our focus on the consumer, investing in systems to better connect with that consumer to understand where she is traveling to really, as we've talked a lot about on this call about the -- about digital and being on the front end of that using data or knowledge to really drive, proactively drive decisions and having an organization that's much more agile in terms of how it makes decisions and in terms of the culture.  And our sense is that our relative strength allows us to hold 2 thoughts in our minds at the same time. One is to take the immediate, really firm steps that need to get taken on the cost side in terms of our business. But two, is to really be thinking going forward and to be making very surgical investments in areas going forward. 
And that then allows you to get into a third phase, which ultimately is what I'll call the flywheel, right, where you really have this exceptional business model. And as we've said internally and really looked at where we're likely to go, our sense is that coming out of this extraordinary period, having taken the steps that we've already taken and positioning ourselves to continue to work forward, particularly on our growth agenda, we'll be in a position where we've got really healthy margins. And margins in many ways, frankly, that look more like the historical Coach business did in its best years and real operating leverage in the business going forward. And that's part of the luxury that our position affords us as opposed to some of our peers who may only be able to focus on the first part of that, on just rightsizing their costs and not thinking as much forward, both because they may not have had the benefit of beginning to think through some of those issues 6, 8 months ago, but also because they may not have the wherewithal to make those investments going forward or those clearly in a very surgical way.

Sure. And one is to acknowledge that, clearly. And so as we think about the return, it's a slower rebound than perhaps one has seen post other downturns. But that said, clearly a rebound and part of what we've seen -- and sorry to mention it yet again, but what we've seen through our digital channels in recent weeks and months is that there does continue -- despite what is clearly a severe economic downturn in the west. What we see is continued demand and continued desire for our product. And so it really is a little bit of a repeat of some of what Joanne has said. We've planned accordingly. So we're not planning for a quick rebound, both in terms of how we think about our long-term cost structure and how we think about where we make our investments. 
But let's also recognize 2 things. Our experience in prior downturns is that our accessible luxury positioning positions us extraordinarily well relative to the traditional European luxury players. So we think there's a market share opportunity for us in the type of environment that you've just talked to. 
And then we also believe, if you think about the balance in our business between retail and outlet, the outlet business -- we think we provide extraordinary value across both of our businesses. However, the outlet business is particularly value -- a value business. And so we think in many ways, yes, it will be a subdued environment in all likelihood. But if there's a business, a set of brands that are well positioned for that, we believe that our brands are exactly that.

Absolutely. So I'll close this call by remembering a colleague that we at Tapestry lost this month to COVID-19. He was a true craftsman who created beautiful product in our Coach leather goods workshop here in New York City. He was described to me by one of his fellow craftsmen as a hard-working humble man. He was our edge paint expert and very good at his job, always smiling and never any drama. And so for me, that description is as honorable a way to live one's life as one could live: hard-working, humble, expert. I'm proud to have been his colleague. 
And so I thank each of you, our fellow stockholders, for entrusting us with your company during these extraordinary and uncertain times. Thank you very much. Stay well, stay safe.