Good morning. Thank you, Christina, and welcome, everyone. As noted in our press release, 2019 was a year of meaningful evolution for Tapestry. Importantly, we made significant progress on our strategic initiatives against the difficult retail backdrop in North America. 
Touching on results by brand. We achieved solid and consistent performance at Coach, which speaks to the success of our transformation strategy, driving brand health and vibrancy. For the year, Coach's international and digital channels led while the brand also outperformed its direct competition in North America. Coach's performance is key for 2 important reasons. First, Coach is the core of Tapestry. We understand that driving sustainable growth at Coach is essential to the success of our company overall. Therefore, we are incredibly proud of the brand's results in spite of the volatile backdrop. Second, this performance reinforces our strategic intent to diversify our acquired brands across geographies and channels.
Turning to Stuart Weitzman. We made advancements across product, people and processes, returning the business to top line growth. The SW team remains focused on driving improved profitability in the year ahead.
At Kate Spade, we launched a new creative vision for the brand. And while there have been some green shoots, we clearly need more time to drive an inflection to positive comps, especially given the brand's exposure to the competitive and traffic-challenged North America market. We acknowledge that there are opportunities and are addressing those areas with a sense of urgency.
As we look ahead, we're revising our outlook for FY '20 to reflect the current trends in our business, notably at Kate Spade. We believe this is prudent, particularly in light of the uncertain environment in North America and while we build the brand's awareness in global markets. Importantly, with continued momentum at the Coach brand, our priority is to fuel an acceleration in our acquired businesses to unlock the power of our multibrand platform. Therefore, while our long-term vision is unchanged, we are modifying our capital allocation policy in fiscal 2020, dedicating our resources to driving organic growth and do not expect to pursue strategic acquisitions. We are focused on balancing the investment in our brands to drive growth with a return to capital -- with a return of capital to shareholders. To this end, we plan to increase the capital we return to shareholders, repurchasing approximately 300 million of common stock while maintaining our annual dividend, resulting in a total payout of nearly $700 million. Overall, we remain steadfast in our vision and our focus on maximizing the benefits of our global multibrand platform. 
Now turning to our FY '19 milestones and FY '20 priorities across our strategic pillars. First, we made significant progress in reinforcing the foundation of our distinctive multibrand platform in fiscal 2019. We generated the anticipated synergies from the integration of Kate Spade into our portfolio, which funded in part our key strategic initiatives. Through this point, we made material investments in Tapestry's infrastructure, implementing Phases 1 and 2 of our ERP system in FY '19 with the third and final phase just launched last week, all without business interruption. We could not be prouder of our teams for their diligence and hard work throughout this multiyear project.
We launched comprehensive 2025 corporate responsibility goals, recognizing our role as a leader in our industry to affect change and solidifying our commitment to social responsibility. These goals are consistent with the values-led culture that we're building. And we brought in key new Tapestry leaders: Noam Paransky, Chief Digital Officer; Tom Glaser, COO; and most recently, Joanne Crevoiserat, as our CFO, to help set and execute our strategic agenda. 
Looking ahead to FY '20, we are focused on leveraging the investments we've made in our platform. Specifically, our investments in our ERP system will help to drive standardization across the organization. In addition, we are excited to benefit from Tom Glaser's unique and deep operational experience in multibrand, multicategory fashion supply chains. One of our key initiatives led by Tom, will be to identify opportunities to improve our demand to production planning cycle while increasing our speed to market across categories. This is especially important as we accelerate product innovation and the number of customization programs within our brands. It will also be important as we bring the Kate Spade footwear business in-house in the second half of the fiscal year, which I will touch on shortly.
Next, driving global growth. In FY '19, we expanded our international presence through both distributor acquisitions and new store openings in key regions. This allows us to directly control and drive our business internationally, capitalizing on our scale and market knowledge across brands. Importantly, we also gained traction with Chinese consumers globally, which as of FY '19 represented a high teens percentage of Tapestry's sales and where we see tremendous opportunity for growth. Throughout the year, we drove awareness for our brands with targeted events and marketing campaigns featuring locally relevant influencers, a first for Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman. And perhaps the most significant highlight of FY '19 was Coach's first-ever runway show in Shanghai, which garnered 1.6 billion impressions.
Turning to FY '20. Capturing growth with the Chinese consumers for all brands remains a key strategic initiative. Our focus will be creating seamless and innovative experiences, both off-line and online as we continue to translate each of our brands' key messages into locally relevant content, which takes us to digital and Data Labs, where we are building the skills and capabilities that truly differentiate us from the competitive set.
During the fiscal year, we officially launched Tapestry's Data Labs portal, a personalized suite of data science and AI tools that are changing the way we use and interact with data, providing access to those on the front lines of our business. As mentioned, we recently welcomed Noam Paransky as our new Chief Digital Officer to lead our company-wide digital innovation agenda. He will play a key role as our enterprise leader to deliver innovative omnichannel experiences across all our customer digital touch points. His objective is to create a scalable Tapestry global digital ecosystem comprised of people, process and technology to enable global teams to act locally with greater agility and at greater velocity. Noam has hit the ground running. We are excited to announce the launch of China next. 
This is an agenda focused on the China market. Adding fuel to our digital leadership on Sina Weibo and WeChat, this initiative connects 2 of Tapestry's key strategic priorities: driving digital innovation and growing our business with Chinese consumers. And not only are we focused on driving local engagement, we expect our China-next digital innovation agenda to provide learnings that we can leverage on a global scale. Overall, driving advancements in digital and Data Labs will be an important area of focus in FY '20, and we look forward to updating you on our progress in the quarters ahead.
And finally, brand innovation. Nothing is more important than this. As a brand-led and consumer-centric company, our goal is to nurture authentic innovative brands to capture the opportunities within the attractive and growing premium bags and small leather goods footwear and outerwear categories. We estimate that these combined categories total $95 billion and grew at a high single-digit rate on an organic basis in FY '19. This growth was led by bags and accessories, which topped an estimated $50 billion and grew at an estimated high single-digit rate in FY '19 or a mid- to high single-digit rate in U.S. dollars, given the appreciation of the dollar, for both the fourth quarter and the year.
With that, I'll move into our performance by brand, starting with Coach. Global comparable store sales rose 2% in the fourth quarter led by outperformance in our international channels and across our e-commerce platforms, consistent with the previous quarter. The drivers of our positive global brick-and-mortar comparable store sales were conversion, reflecting our strong product offering as well as traffic. This was Coach's seventh consecutive quarter of comp store sales growth. By region, we delivered overall positive comps across all of our international regions, including Europe, other Asia, Greater China and Japan. Our international wholesale business also rose on a POS basis in the quarter. Comps in North America were flat to the prior year, accelerating sequentially, including the positive impact of the shift and timing of Easter, along with a negative impact of continued pressure from lowest tourist spend as well as ongoing volatility in Daegu or reseller activity. In addition, our North America wholesale shipments were above prior year and our business at POS increased despite a lower level of promotional event days. We are particularly proud of the brand's sequential improvement in North America in light of the weakened traffic trends in both outlet and full-price retail malls. We believe this speaks to the vibrancy of the brand, which is outperforming its direct accessible luxury peers, fueled by innovation across channels and products, marketing and in-store experience.
Looking at our progress against brand strategies for FY '19, we drove leather goods innovation across the pyramid of fashion, occasion and price. In retail, our signature assortment comped the comp, reflecting the continued demand for this most proprietary brand icon. While an outlet, we benefited from our good, better, best strategy in our core women's handbag business. We fueled brand momentum and sales through collaborations, drops and pop-ups, including Disney x Coach, and most recently, the Rexy Remix, a collaboration with Chinese artists, which was featured on the runway of our Shanghai fashion show. During the year, we had over 130 pop-ups, engaging with our customers in a new way.
We gained traction in lifestyle categories, including footwear and ready-to-wear, while growing our men's business to almost $900 million at POS. These initiatives were supported by compelling marketing campaigns, which balanced our position as a fashion authority while broadening our messages. We launched Michael B. Jordan as the first global ambassador of Coach Men's and post innovative, culturally relevant and disruptive messages throughout the year. We also drove e-commerce growth and digital innovation globally as we continue to enhance our omnichannel capabilities. Overall, we saw strong double-digit increases in the brand's followers on Instagram, WeChat and Weibo.
Moving forward in FY '20, we will first accelerate product innovation and disruption; second, drive fashion authority through cultural relevance, tapping into celebrities and influencers; third, inject excitement into stores with light touch, high-impact refreshes; and fourth, fuel digital innovation and e-commerce growth, benefiting from the enterprise initiatives underway.
In summary, we are excited about the seasons ahead and remain confident in our largest brand's opportunity for continued growth as we look to accelerate innovation and relevance globally.
Moving to Kate Spade and focusing on the fourth quarter. Total sales rose 6% on a reported basis and 7% in constant currency, driven by new store distribution as well as the acquisition of the brand's operations in Singapore, Malaysia and Australia, which we have not yet anniversaried. Comparable store sales fell below our expectations, declining 6% on an aggregate basis. Conversion comp in our bricks-and-mortars business accelerated on a sequential basis and was positive for the quarter, reflecting the emerging positive signs we are seeing with Nicola's new product offering. However, traffic comp was significantly under pressure against the challenging backdrop in North America and compounded by the anniversarying of the difficult comparison following the passing of the brand's founder, which drove unusually high traffic as discussed last year. Conversely, our international business was essentially in line with our expectations, and on a relative basis, significantly outpaced the performance in North America, including positive comps in Greater China.
Turning to product. While the penetration of Nicola's collection was consistent with our expectations in both retail and outlet, clearly, overall sales were not on plan. We feel strongly that we have the right strategic and creative direction based on customers' response to the brand's new iconic elements and strength we're seeing in select handbag offerings such as the Margaux, Molly and Nicola families, and most recently, the introduction of Polly. We've also experienced traction in jewelry and ready-to-wear. However, we were missing breadth of choice in key silhouettes such as wear-to-work satchels as well as in the diversity of material ways. In addition, during the quarter, we introduced previous retail best-selling styles into the outlet channel, Cameron Street and Jackson Street, which did not perform as expected. In short, while we find a balance across silhouettes and full price, the outlet channel is in need of a much more substantial amount of distinctive newness than we planned. 
Looking forward, our overarching objectives for Kate Spade remain unchanged, leveraging the brand's unique positioning of optimistic femininity and leadership in the attributes of fashionable and fun. That said, we felt it was important to provide you with some additional color on the specific actions underway to immediately address the areas of opportunity. First, we are applying our product and merchandising learnings by launching additional satchels in keeping with the brand's feminine aesthetic, updated in modern and relevant ways. We're introducing new designs in a broader range of high-quality materials that provide the structure, durability and functionality that the Kate Spade brand is known for. We also believe there is an opportunity in crossbodies and backpacks given the hands-free trend in the market. We're bringing in additional witty and emotional novelty items, which have been hallmarks of the brand, both as permanent and limited-edition offerings. We're also planning to launch product collaborations across categories to drive excitement and buzz.
For holiday, we're launching a new make-it-mine personalization program in both specialty stores and on our e-commerce site, which will feature an updated multifunction bag and accessories offering, designed to appeal to a broad audience. We're also excited by the footwear opportunity for the brand as we take the business in-house from our licensed partner, Steve Madden, beginning in the calendar 2020. We showed our new spring collection at FFANY just last week, and the response was very positive as buyers describe the offering as relevant, fun, exciting and truly lifestyle in addressing many usage occasions.
For stores, we're continuing to expand our distribution with a focus on international markets. That said, we are deliberately pulling back on the number of new store openings for the brand while we focus on maximizing awareness and productivity. In marketing, we will drive brand awareness and aspiration with bold collaborations with global and local celebrities and influencers, leveraging the power of social media and PR buzz across markets. In outlet, we're leaving no stone unturned. We're looking at product design, branding, merchandising, in-store experience and on-mall and direct e-mail marketing. In product, we're focused on accelerating the pace of newness with an assortment that is more clearly differentiated from the Saffiano-heavy competitive set. This will also include the launch of new materials, branding elements and collaborations unique to the channel. We're also building out the successful Nicola-designed Eva group. With these measures in place, we have a comprehensive plan to drive an inflection in the business. Overall, we are acting swiftly and decisively, applying our learnings to drive positive change, and we remain confident in our direction and the $2 billion opportunity for improved profitability.
Turning to Stuart Weitzman. In FY '19, our priority was to return the brand to top line growth, addressing to production challenges we faced exiting FY '18. I'm pleased that we were successful in doing this with revenue increasing 17% in the fourth quarter on a reported basis and 20% in constant currency, driving the mid-single-digit gain for the year. We made important advancements in several key areas. In product, we focused on fit and construction, creating foundational pieces that were consistent with the brand's DNA. We broadened our footwear offering while maintaining our authority in iconic Stuart Weitzman styles. We also introduced brand-new coats that we will build upon in the seasons and years ahead. We gained further credibility in handbags and leather goods, which remains an area of opportunity for the brand. We also drove international expansion, particularly in China, where we doubled our store footprint, including the acquisition of our business in Southern China. And we completed the buyback of our operations in Australia, where we will leverage Tapestry's multibrand hub. Finally, we evolved the brand's marketing, featuring a cast of new and culturally relevant global brand ambassadors, distorting our investment to digital.
Looking ahead to fiscal 2020, our strategic pillars include: first, enhancing our systems and processes to improve profitability. Key to this would be optimizing the supply chain in the wake of our 3 -- of our Phase 3 S/4 go live; second, maintaining the brand's boot and sandal authority while expanding our footwear expression, especially in flats and sneakers in keeping with current trends. This is paramount as we look to recapture the brand's leadership position in top-tier wholesale accounts. To this end, we were pleased with the initial positive feedback we received from our department store partners during the brand's spring market presentation last month; third, driving credibility in handbags through exceptional functionality and differentiated design and branding; fourth, fueling customer desire through marketing, increased brand awareness globally and acquiring new customers; and fifth, expanding globally with a focus on China, building on our current momentum.
In summary, we've made significant progress in sharpening the focus of the brand's core strengths and we remain excited about the opportunities for Stuart Weitzman.
To recap, we have a clear vision and a unique global multibrand platform. Our model is distinctive. We're brand-led and consumer-centric with a culture built upon values of optimism, innovation and inclusivity. Each of our brands have differentiated attitudes, bringing diversification to our portfolio. At the same time, each can leverage Tapestry's core capabilities and infrastructure to drive meaningful synergies.
Before I turn it over for the financial review, I would like to welcome our CFO, Joanne Crevoiserat, to the team. I know that many of you have had the opportunity to work with her throughout her career. We're delighted that she's joined Tapestry. She has extensive financial and operational experience with established retailers and global brands and brings a unique perspective and important skill set to our company. I'm confident that she is the right person to lead our strong finance team as we execute our strategic initiatives and long-term vision. Joanne?

Thank you, Joanne. And before turning it over to Andrea, I'd like to recognize her for her hard work and energy over the last several months that she has held the position of interim CFO. Andrea wears many hats within our organization. She is a mentor to many and a key business partner to me and our leadership team with an unparalleled understanding of our company and its history. On behalf of our entire leadership team, thank you, Andrea, for your endless energy in leading the finance team in this period.
With that, I'll now turn the call over to Andrea for a discussion of our financial results as well as our outlook for fiscal year '20.

Okay. Thank you, Bob. Maybe I'll start with contrasting with Coach to Kate, and then Josh can support at the end on Coach's performance, which, of course, is really outperforming not only here in the U.S. but truly globally against our more direct competitive set. Could not be prouder of that team and the work that they're doing. They're really hitting on all cylinders.
On Kate, as you all know, we saw a significant improvement in the third quarter. And really, many emerging signs of the traction post the launch of Nicola's collection. We saw positive conversion comps. We launched the new core family in Margaux, followed by Polly, which is really checking. And increasingly, we received really positive signs across categories, especially ready-to-wear and jewelry with the iconography working well that we launched. As we entered Q4, we were optimistic. Of course, we were supported by the Easter shift and with the amount of newness that we had coming in starting in the outlet channel. What we saw though was through May into June, but especially beginning in May was rapid deterioration in the North American environment, traffic declined. And especially in the outlet channel, this led to increasing promotion across competitors. And in fact, I would say across the channel. And as all of you know, Kate is disproportionately impacted given its nascent international footprint and its dependence on North America relative to Coach brand.
In addition, I would add that Kate simply did not have the level of distinctive newness that we needed to drive conversion in that channel, especially given the decreasing traffic. And especially against the Saffiano heavy competition. For context, when we transformed the Coach brand, one of the strategies that we took early on when Stuart joined was to take top-selling previous full-price collections. We reengineered them. We launched them in outlet, and we really drove terrific AURs. In the case of Nicola, you've heard us talk Nicola's collections. You've heard us talk about the fact that approximately 30% of the outlet product was Nicola-designed product. Of that 30% of the total, 2/3 or 20% of the total or slightly more actually were as we had done with Coach, taking previous full-price top sellers which Nicola reengineered, retouched, added some functionality and brought into the channel, specifically collections Cameron Street and Jackson Street, which are today still core to our business and unfortunately are not performing as we expected. And the key learning there is that they were just not perceived as new enough in the outlet channel, especially as they were Cameron Street. Saffiano-based collections are not able to compete with some of the major competitors who have really been promotional in those key platforms. And what we began to see basically is with that pressure and with the continued traffic pressures, the collections are simply still not pulling their weight and now we're prioritizing gross margin, and quite frankly, longer-term brand health. The good news, so what do we see? First, Eva, which was 100% designed by Nicola and is under 10% of the total outlet, is truly outperforming and gives us a lot of confidence as we bring in tremendous amounts of distinctive newness over the next months and quarters. And we're also pleased with the performance that we're seeing outside of North America, especially in Asia and in Greater China, where we're seeing positive comps and is a key area of investment for us. 
So key steps, Bob, to the second part of your Kate question and what are we working on, what are we doing. So look, with a great sense of urgency, the Kate Spade team is really focused on, first and foremost, product. In the full-price channel, I would say it's much more tweaking the collections, really getting in high-function styles that are focused on our key wear-to-work consumer. In outlet, it's truly about distinctive innovation, both in silhouettes, materials. And I would say even in branding as we continue to diversify collections. And then in both channels, we're looking to truly leverage novelty, which is a key part of the brand while launching coming up in the second quarter, Make It Mine. And I think as you heard in my notes, Q3, the launch of footwear and taking a lot of learnings from what's happening across brands and those that are truly engaging effectively with consumers. We have a tremendous amount of activation in store as well as collaborations coming up.
On the marketing side, you guys will hear us talk a lot about leveraging influencers and celebrity. Stay tuned there. We have 1 or 2 announcements in the not-too-distant future on key partnerships there. And in stores, the focus right now is truly on driving productivity. We're going to be doing some light-touch investments, especially in the most productive part of our outlet fleet. And there, you're going to see us look at fixture productivity, signage and window package renewals as we look to truly drive a much bigger change in the eye of the consumer.
Turning to brand health. Saying all of that and that gives you, I think, a little bit of synopsis on where we were, what we saw, steps that we're taking and now looking at brand health. Look, we just finished recently May into June a global brand tracker. We interviewed thousands of consumers here in North America across all of our brands and the competitive sets. And we are confident in the health of the brand and it actually gave us confidence in the creative direction and Nicola's vision. We continue to be very strong in a very unique position. We lead in the key emotional attributes of fashionable, fun and feminine and the key is really in tweaking our execution in some of those areas. And I remain very confident in Kate being a $2 billion opportunity and being so at gross margins that are going to be similar to Coach in like categories and that remains our clear vision.
As I mentioned relative to Coach, Bob, could not be prouder of Josh and the team and what they're doing in that brand because as I said, they're really hitting on all cylinders. I'll let Josh talk a little bit about what he's seeing both globally and here in North America as that brand truly, I think, outperforms the direct competition in a very strong way. Josh?

Yes. And I think I would just close to wrap up on those points there. Please, if you haven't had the opportunity, do take a couple of visits to a couple of key outlet stores in your region and walk the competitive set, compare with Coach's execution and you'll, I think, very easily understand a lot of the great work that Josh has just explained, impacting across all channels at once. And we're on that journey with Kate and I'm very confident in that team's ability with Anna and Nicola and very talented folks they have supporting them to execute accordingly.

Sure. Thanks. In terms of the openings, really, our focus is on productivity. I mean we were planning above 40 locations for the year. We're still planning between 30 and 40. We're just being much more selective. And with a continued focus on Asia and especially in China, where we are seeing the opportunity, of course, to leverage those investments as part of our greater programs to build brand awareness there, which clearly remains the #1 single growth opportunity for that brand and for us from an awareness perspective.
In terms of Kate and -- through the year and comps, first and foremost, I think we gave guidance that we're expecting low to mid-single-digit sales growth, driven by distribution. At this point, I won't be making a call on the exact timing of positive comps, particularly given the dependence of Kate Spade on what is a challenged North America environment. Of course, we expect clear improvement throughout the year as significant newness hits, and of course, as we enter a period of easier compares once we get into Qs 2, 3 and 4. But at this point, I would say that you should expect our confidence in the mid- to single-digit total growth driven by distribution.

Sure. Very clear opportunities, Alex, for us. We've taken basically the last, I would say, 2 to 3 years to establish a very solid product development, production capacity in footwear in Asia. Incredibly pleased to have with us Tom Glaser, who comes, of course, from a very deep experience in that space supporting our teams as we look to truly get best-in-class in all of these categories, so he'll provide key leadership. And we have a team at Kate that has experience in doing this and I can tell you we've just shown the first Kate collection at FFANY as well, of course, Coach and Stuart Weitzman. We're just basically wrapping up a week of markets here in New York across all 3 brands. And what I can share with you is that in all 3 brands, the reaction has been superb. Kate is his first collection. If I compare to Coach's first collection 3 years ago, it's really taken a leap forward, whether it's from a design perspective, silhouette style perspective, excuse me, in usage occasion and in terms of product development, leveraging pricing and developing -- and the development capacity that we established with Coach over the last 3 years, I believe, to the Kate first season with a lot more confidence than we entered Coach 3 years ago.
I would also add that this season at FFANY, Josh and the Coach team have taken a very substantial leap forward. We've been operating now for a few months, Josh and his team have, with some new third-party development capabilities, especially in the core sneaker business, which as many of you know is driving a huge trend in footwear. We just showed a new collection, which have been incredibly well received at wholesale and by our own teams. So fully excited by that.
And for those of you who follow on Instagram and maybe have Stuart Weitzman on your feeds, you'll see the new sneaker collection that they just launched, the Daryl, which is really new to them given that they were a sandal and boot resource. I'm very excited, of course, as we enter fall/winter given that they are such a strong boot resource but it's truly a good reflection of Eraldo and that team's move to also diversify and bring new usage occasions to the brand. So this is a great platform. I think we're really coming into our own. And I speak with a good level of confidence on that. Look, in the first year financially, there's a small investment that takes place but really minor. From year 2, this thing becomes much more accretive than the royalty. It was a timely business relative to the Coach license that we took back. We're very thankful to the partners that we had at Madden and their predecessors but now it really is about us leveraging this key strategic category along with core handbags and accessories and outerwear as core drivers for all of these investments that we're making in our own direct distribution and with key third-party partners.

Yes. Great questions. Look, Kate has a really unique positioning. And in many ways, I would say, first and foremost, from an attitude perspective, definitely considered on the fashion and given its stronger reliance on ready-to-wear traditionally and other accessory categories include jewelry, tech, much -- skews much younger and much more millennial than Coach does. And I would say has a very strong, in the handbag space, a very strong -- and I'm talking here in North America now because we're very much in early stages of building this business outside of Japan internationally, very strong suburban consumer who sees it as a key wear-to-work resource and we're really focused on providing that functionality. I think that relative to differences between Coach and Kate, the teams are completely separate. Nicola and her world, they don't come in and look at the Coach collections from Stuart. Stuart doesn't go over and look at the Kate collections. Obviously, in the fashion world, they're following general trends but I think you'll see whether it's in product and functionality and if you were to go to the full-price stores, it's probably a good place to visit whether right across from each other here at the Hudson Yards mall here in Manhattan where you can see Coach and Kate -- the Kate experience and the Coach experience are very, very different. Kate speaking to her customer with its very specific coats and femininity that I'm going to talk to in a minute and Coach to its customer with a much more urban fashion take. And I would say Stuart's leverage of Coach is much more house of leather coats.
If we look at Kate and the coats that we've launched and I think I touched upon this in my remarks in terms of our ability to compete effectively in the outlet channel, Kate has traditionally depended on a few, very core coats. First and foremost, from a material perspective, it has been about Saffiano. From a silhouette perspective, it has been about satchels and wear-to-work type of styles. And from a branding perspective, it's really been about that Kate Spade New York meta-lockup which is on these products. These are traditional coats. They're used by many brands across the spectrum and the issue is just that. One is Saffiano, in and of itself, in a material way is facing challenges in terms of the ability of brands to distinguish themselves from one another. And then when you have the price competition come in on that, it becomes even more challenging.
So what we're seeing in terms of the coats that we launch, first and foremost, new materials, new pebbled leathers. You'll see new nylon executions. You will see in the future new textile executions, PVC executions, much more different branding executions. You've seen Nicola, especially in the full price part of the business which has been well received, leverage a more universal coat that is uniquely owned by us, which is the Spade, turning that into hardware, turning that into different lockup executions which is going to give us diversity in the iconography of the brand. And now we're leveraging all of that into the outlet channel which we're really excited about.
And I would just say that when we look at, as you know, Oliver, because we've talked about this a few times in the past, we have an extensive database. We capture north of 85% of customer transactions across our brands. And what I can share with you is that the overlap in the database between Coach and Kate Spade consumers is truly less than 5%. So I'm not as concerned about that at all as I am about Kate being true to its DNA yet continue to modernize itself, continuing to give the Kate Spade core customer distinctive newness that she can engage with and that differentiates it from all of the competitive set.

I think in the full-price channel really is what I was referring to there because I do think we're very much in inventory in that type of style. We don't have enough diversity -- in outlet, we don't have enough diversification in outlet from a material and branding perspective as well as bringing in, I would say, incremental silhouettes to the core satchels, where we are very much in inventory. In full price, there's definitely an opportunity there and you're going to see us bring those in. In fact, every month over the next 4 to 5 months, we have 2 to 3 families launching in the next 2 to 3 months that we expect to be very significant players along with Margaux, which today is our key and most successful family in the full-price channel.

Thank you, everyone, for being with us. As is our custom, I just want to take the opportunity to thank our teams across the globe for their hard work and dedication. Couldn't be prouder of their commitment and all of their efforts as we've had an amazing year of building the foundation that will certainly serve as the key to our growth for years ahead. I have a tremendous confidence in them and look forward to working and partnering with them to drive growth off of this foundation that we built. Thank you.