Good morning. Thank you, Christina, and welcome, everyone. As you read in our press release, Tapestry's second quarter results significantly outpaced our expectations, driven by the successful execution of our Acceleration Program.  
Our sharpened focus on the consumer fueled new customer acquisition across all brands, supporting notable sales gains in digital in China. For the second consecutive quarter, we generated strong operating income growth, both compared to prior year and to fiscal year '19, supported by a reduction in promotional activity and higher AUR as well as disciplined inventory and expense management. I'm particularly proud that we delivered this profit growth in the face of unprecedented COVID-related external headwinds, including pressured bricks-and-mortar traffic, store closures and capacity limits as well as higher freight costs and shipping constraints. This success clearly underscores the talent and resilience of our teams around the world. It also reinforces the power of our brands and the competitive advantages of Tapestry's enabling platform.  
Importantly, our outperformance in the quarter also highlights the progress we've made under our Acceleration Program. First, we continue to drive our global digital business, which reached $1.3 billion in revenue on a trailing 12-month basis, more than doubling in size from a year ago. During the quarter, we once again generated triple-digit e-commerce growth, bringing digital sales to approximately 1/3 of total revenue as compared to a low-teens percentage last year. And in North America, as expected, the penetration was even higher, with e-commerce representing nearly half of our sales in the holiday quarter, up from a high-teens percentage last year. This outcome is a testament to our company-wide focus on leading with a digital-first mindset and our success in creating immersive customer experiences across our e-commerce and social channels.  
To deliver these outsized gains, we leveraged Tapestry's scale and agility to support increased digital demand. Specifically, we moved quickly to add fulfillment capacity, including expanding distribution centers by nearly 350,000 square feet heading into holiday. In addition, anticipating outbound shipping challenges in the U.S., we were able to successfully diversify our parcel carrier partnerships, increasing flexibility and enabling us to avoid bottlenecks and limit disruption as much as possible. These were critical elements of our holiday preparedness strategy.  
Importantly, our online growth was led by the recruitment of over 1.5 million new customers across brands in North America, where we're continuing to capture a growing number of millennial and Gen Z customers online. Overall, we're incredibly excited by the traction we're seeing in digital as our focus on this channel touches several of our key strategic priorities, including increased customer centricity, better use of data and evolving the way we work to address the rapidly changing environment. We see tremendous opportunity to drive continued customer recruitment and engagement online, supporting not only revenue growth, but profit growth as well as our digital sales channels carry higher operating margins than their respective brick-and-mortar counterparts. Therefore, digital growth is a key enabler as we transition from a period of efficiency-led profit gains to a sustainable demand-driven flywheel.  
Second, our ongoing efforts to sharpen our focus on the Chinese consumer once again led to meaningful growth in China, with benefits from innovative product assortments, enhanced marketing and expanded reach across both direct channels and third-party online distribution. To this end, we achieved record sales during 11/11 on Tmall's Luxury Pavilion, with Coach as the #1 ranked brand in the handbags, luggage and leather goods category; and Stuart Weitzman as the #1 ranked footwear brand.  
Over the holiday period, our brands offered exclusive products, virtual store pop-ups and live streaming events with influencers such as Austin Lee, elevating the customer experience to meet the needs of the highly digitally and fashion-engaged Chinese consumer. In fact, the strength of our results in Mainland China more than offset continued pressure from lower Chinese tourist spend, with our sales to Chinese consumers globally increasing for the quarter.  
Third, as we've shared, we're committed to building industry-leading data and analytics capabilities at Tapestry, enabling each brand to leverage the shared resource to drive more effective decision-making. In the quarter, we deployed new data and analytics tools to optimize marketing messaging, assortment planning and promotional levels. This is helping to improve AUR and conversion and support the strong gross margin expansion we achieved in the quarter. In addition, we rolled out a new data platform to support our loyalty and acquisition programs. This is creating a foundation for ongoing customer recruitment and retention.  
Fourth, we leveraged the power of our leaner and more responsive operating model. A critical element of these changes is cultural and centers on empowering our teams to allow for faster decision-making. Our organization was nimble, sharing best practices across brands to develop and execute a highly effective holiday strategy. We put the customer first and adopted strategies to elongate the shopping period and utilize new innovative approaches to safely connect with customers, including virtual appointments and line queues. We also continue to drive efficiencies through the optimization of our global fleet. Our focus is to improve profitability across our store network, while delivering a consistent brand experience for our increasingly omnichannel consumer.  
Overall, I'm very pleased with the headway we're making on our Acceleration Program, which is defined by sharpening our focus on the consumer, leveraging data, leading with digital and transforming into a leaner and more responsive organization. We are listening closely to consumers and responding to changes in their values, shopping behaviors and brand engagement. We're leaning into the competitive advantages of our platform, bringing innovation to both product and how we connect with customers. As a result, we're driving demand and desire for our categories and stretching what's possible for our brands.  
Now let me touch on our results and strategies for Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman. Starting with Coach. Revenue exceeded our expectations, with sales down only 4% versus prior year, reflecting a significant sequential improvement. We also continue to expand gross margin while leveraging SG&A, generating a 400 basis point increase in operating margin to 34%. The brand's profit growth was impressive, particularly in light of the current backdrop. 
There are many highlights from the second quarter guided by our strategic priorities, which drove our positive results. First, we delivered compelling products, innovating across styles, silhouettes and price points. In retail, we continued to fuel signature and proprietary brand codes through a variety of new iterations, with notable success in our Horse & Carriage platform. We also introduced the Beat family, which features exceptional functionality and beautiful hardware detail across a range of silhouettes. The Beat Collection resonated particularly well with our Chinese customers. 
In outlet, we offered newness throughout the season, beginning with our successful Marvel collaboration. Our recent introductions, the Georgie and Dempsey families were also top-selling collections in the quarter. And in both retail and outlet, we had compelling gifting options throughout the extended holiday season.  
As anticipated, we significantly reduced the number of SKUs in our offering across channels, providing more focused impactful assortments and clearer messages to consumers. Importantly, we also continue to be disciplined in our approach to promotions. Consistent with our strategy, we're shifting the customer's focus to the value, attributes and quality of the Coach product. In fact, our handbag AUR rose approximately 15%, both globally and in North America during this traditionally promotional season. Taken together, these actions supported the strong gross margin expansion we achieved in the quarter.  
Turning to marketing. Our holiday campaigns featuring Coach's global brand ambassadors, Jennifer Lopez, Michael B. Jordan, Kiko Mizuhara, Yang Zi and Jeremy Lin resonated with consumers and reinforced the brand's authentic and inclusive positioning. In the digital channel, Coach again realized triple-digit revenue growth. We recruited roughly 1 million new customers through our North America digital channels, representing a significant increase compared to last year. These new customers who are increasingly younger are helping to fuel the strong growth we're delivering online.  
Moving to China. Revenue rose approximately 35% on the Mainland. In addition, we recaptured tourist demand through the China Duty Free channel as consumers increasingly shift to domestic travel. As mentioned, a highlight of the quarter was the brand's outperformance on Tmall's Luxury Pavilion during the 11/11 shopping festival. This was particularly exciting, given the brand only officially launched on the site about a year ago.  
Another key milestone was the multi-platform live streaming of our 400-drone, 15-minute performance on The Bund in Shanghai. We were the first fashion brand to utilize this format and it highlights how we're driving brand heat through interactive digital experiences and finding innovative ways to engage with Chinese consumers. 
We were also excited for the opening of Coach's first fully immersive digital store in Shanghai's premier IAPM Mall in December. The store has floor to ceiling video walls that feature bespoke digital art, combining some of our favorite Coach mascots with archival images to create a unique experience for consumers. Controlled by gaming technology, consumers can interact and play with the digital art to curate their own experience.  
In January, we were thrilled to be the first luxury brand to launch e-commerce on Douyin, the TikTok of China, as we continue to expand our reach, particularly with millennial and Gen Z consumers by offering immersive omnichannel experiences across e-commerce and social platforms.  
Now looking ahead to spring. We are sharpening our merchandising strategy, delivering innovative and emotionally compelling product to excite the consumer. In retail, we will build out the Beat family through new introductions, while evolving core bags such as the Tabby, which will feature a new lightweight fabrication. We're also expanding our jacquard signature offering to include a variety of colorways. In addition, we've launched new collaborations, including Disney by Keith Haring, which is driving strong customer engagement and our outerwear anchored Coach by Champion collection, which dropped just this week.  
In outlet, we're launching a Coach original capsule and a case collaboration, both of which are adaptations of successful retail assortments from previous seasons. At the same time, we will continue to create exceptional value for our customers, while reducing promotional activity.  
Touching on marketing. You will see purpose-led messaging that connects community, fashion and heritage. Our Coach It Forward campaign features our global brand ambassador sharing personal messages, which focus on the power of positivity, collective action and the importance of everyday recognition for the people in our lives who help move our world forward. To bring the campaign to life, the cast will call on all viewers to Coach it Forward and leave messages of gratitude for loved ones, creating a ripple effect of optimism around the world. We also just launched Coach Conversations, a monthly YouTube series designed to create a 2-way dialogue about culture, community and creativity among global thought leaders. The debut episode kicked off with Jennifer Lopez and Jay Shetty, a former monk turned purpose coach and has already received over 700,000 views since launching in late January.  
In summary, we are extremely pleased with the brand's continued momentum and solid financial results as we grow our customer base, while driving increasing profitability. This year, we are celebrating Coach's 80th anniversary. As we look back on our history, we are proud of the brand's rich heritage as America's original house of leather goods. And just as importantly, as we look forward, we're confident in our future.  
Now moving to Kate Spade. We are very pleased with the brand's outperformance compared to our expectations from both the top and bottom line perspective, highlighting our team's excellent execution in a challenging environment. Revenue improved sequentially, declining 13% year-over-year, which included a 4-point impact from the strategic pullback of the low-margin wholesale disposition business. We delivered gross margin expansion of 110 basis points, while outpacing our internal projections, while also reducing SG&A. Taken together, Kate Spade delivered operating margin growth versus last year.  
We achieved several key strategic milestones during the quarter as we leaned into the fundamental elements of the brand that we know our customers value. 
Starting with product. In retail, we remained focused on rebuilding our core collection, while bringing newness to the assortment. Margaux remained the top-selling handbag group, while newness, notably the all-day tote, performed well in the quarter. Our customer also responded to novelty elements integrated within our assortment, including products featuring our well-loved cat and handbags adorned with faux fur, both of which were showcased in our holiday campaign.  
In outlet, we increased the breadth and depth of our box gift sets, which were top sellers over the holiday season. We also added to our core handbag collection through the introductions of key shoulder bag families, Natalia and Marti. Importantly, we were disciplined in our promotions, specifically in our value channels, driving global handbag AUR growth versus last year.  
Outside of handbags, we saw relative strength in jewelry and footwear across channels. In tech accessories, where Kate Spade has a leadership position among fashion brands, the glitter AirPods case significantly outperformed expectations. 
In addition, I'm excited to announce our new fragrance collection, which launched in January, has seen overwhelmingly positive results in both our own channels as well as in department stores. These categories, which are foundational to the brand's unique lifestyle positioning, are also important for customer recruitment and cross-selling.  
During the holiday season, we highlighted Kate Spade as a destination for gifting, joy and celebration. An example of the brand's innovative approach to social selling was its collaboration with Starbucks in Asia. This partnership, initiated by their APAC division, drove tremendous traffic to the Starbucks site. And it was so successful that the products sold-out in just days in Japan. This example underscores the consumers' desire for Kate Spade and its relevance as a lifestyle brand.  
Turning to digital. Kate Spade has a well-established e-commerce business with the highest digital sales penetration within our house of brands. During the quarter, we continued to drive momentum online, achieving strong double-digit revenue growth through a combination of engagement with existing customers and the recruitment of new consumers. In fact, we attracted approximately 500,000 new consumers to the brand through our e-commerce channels in North America, a meaningful increase compared to last year. Importantly, these customers are entering the brand for the first time and purchasing at a higher AUR compared to the balance, highlighting that when we meet customers where they want to shop with emotional and compelling product, innovation supersedes price. 
Additionally, we reactivated over 200,000 customers through our digital channel, an increase of approximately 40% compared to last year. This is an important green shoot that demonstrates the traction we're making in strengthening our relationships with our core customer base.  
Turning to Kate Spade's priorities for spring. In specialty, we're continuing to reenergize the leather goods offering with the launch of Knott Satchel. In addition, we will expand our signature platform, the spade flower, with new color introductions in the well-received jacquard fabric.  
In outlet, we will launch Lyla, a core pebble leather group. We will also offer newness in backpacks and crossbodies in keeping with the consumers' desire for hands-free styles. Across channels, we will continue to integrate novelty into our assortment with a playful nautical themes focus for the spring season. 
In marketing, our campaigns are joyful and colorful, grounded in our brand purpose and understanding of the customer. Our approach is multidimensional, utilizing a wide range of digital platforms and influencers to amplify our brand and product stories to engage with consumers and our community. In fact, last month, our pink Love Shack heart crossbody went viral on TikTok. The excitement began with an enthusiastic customer who shared a post about her recent purchase of the bag. This quickly gained further momentum after one of our store associates created a video in response, which informed the community that the bag was now sold out across the United States. Taken together, these posts garnered over 1 million views. As a result, we worked quickly partnering with these micro influencers to create new marketing content to announce the product's restock. This is one of my favorite examples of how the brand's emotional connection to its customers has the potential to drive organic engagement within its loyal and passionate following. This has also been a key learning for our teams who are exploring new opportunities to harness the power of the Kate Spade community. 
In closing, I'm encouraged with the progress we're making and the increasing number of green shoots we're seeing that highlight the strength of the brand. I remain optimistic about the potential for Kate Spade. It is a unique lifestyle brand with meaningful runway to accelerate revenue and profit growth long term. 
Turning now to Stuart Weitzman. The brand demonstrated continued progress this holiday season. Sales sequentially improved from the previous quarter and exceeded our expectations as a result of the momentum in the direct business led by China and e-commerce as well as wholesale. In addition, as previously announced, these revenue results include the impact from exiting unprofitable markets, which represented a 9-point headwind in the quarter. Importantly, our focused strategic actions resulted in significant operating margin expansion for the brand. 
During the quarter, we delivered compelling products with a focus on key categories of boots and booties. We grew our core classifications, while balancing buy now, wear now styles with transitional product. In keeping with the market shift to casualization and building upon the strong performance of the lug sole 5050 LIFT in the first quarter, we expanded our assortment of boots and booties featuring this on-trend soul, including the top-selling Kolbie bootie. Importantly, our icons continue to resonate with customers, specifically our 5050 and LAND families. 
In digital, we realized a double-digit increase in revenue compared to prior year. This performance was led by new customer recruitment, which includes a growing number of Gen Z and millennials entering the brand. Notably, we also drove roughly 30% increase in reactivated customers in the quarter as we sharpened our focus on creating relevant assortments to engage with our core consumers. 
In China, as mentioned, Stuart Weitzman was the #1 footwear brand on Tmall's Luxury Pavilion on 11/11, a key indicator of the brand's strength and momentum in this important market. During the quarter, we also introduced Elaine Zhong as our brand ambassador, which helped to further solidify our luxury positioning in the market. In addition to our brand campaigns, we are continuing a key strategy of live streaming, featuring local influencers. For the 12/12 holiday, we partnered with Austin Lee, which drove significant engagement. 
Touching on marketing. Our winter Be In Your Element campaign, which featured our global brand ambassadors, Serena Williams, strengthened our positioning in boots and occasionwear. This campaign culminated with a billboard in Times Square featured prominently during the televised year's celebration, which reached an estimated 1 billion viewers globally. 
In wholesale, we continued to strengthen our partnerships with key accounts, supported by consistent execution and on-time deliveries. We're pleased with our continued progress and the positive reactions we received coming out of our recent market week. 
Looking ahead to spring. In product, we're continuing to innovate by infusing our elevated take on casualization across the assortment. We're launching the GOLDIE family, which features pearl-embellished styles across sneakers, flats and sandals, combining casual silhouettes with a brand signature of polished sophistication and comfort. 
In January, we introduced limited edition collections, including the Lunar New Year Capsule and Valentine's Day Edit. These collections feature our new OLLIE and DEMY sneakers, which have been strong performers since the launch. 
Importantly, as vaccine distribution increases in 2021, we expect continued improvement in demand for key categories, particularly occasionwear and bridal. As a result, we will rebalance our assortment to include sandals and pumps for when our customer's ready to go out and celebrate, while continuing to focus on elevated casual styles. 
In marketing, for our spring 2021 campaign, we are very excited to once again feature Serena Williams, this time with a very special guest who will be announced in the coming weeks. We are also finding new ways to engage our customers based on direct feedback we have received from them. A great example of this is our launch of the 2021 Edit on Instagram and our website, which utilizes a range of diverse influencers, including our own associates to highlight ways our shoes can be styled to drive conversion. 
Overall, Stuart Weitzman's first half results were stronger-than-expected as we continue to make steady progress towards our goal of restoring the brand's profitability over our planning horizon. 
In closing, as we enter the second half of our fiscal year, while we do expect COVID-related headwinds to persist in the near term, our first half performance proves the resilience and agility of our team and the strength of our portfolio of brands. The consumer is changing rapidly in their values, shopping behaviors and connection to brands, and these changes have highlighted opportunities for our brands and our business. We've taken the opportunity to crystallize the unique purpose of our brands and company. And we fully embrace the opportunity to innovate the ways we engage with our customers and evolve how we operate as an organization. It also reinforced the opportunity to leverage Tapestry's enabling platform and competitive advantages to stretch what's possible for our brands. These changes are foundational to our success, both today and in the future. 
Importantly, I'm confident that Tapestry will emerge from the pandemic stronger, well positioned to capture market share at higher levels of profitability, creating opportunities for reinvestment in the business and, in turn, unlocking the flywheel of sustainable growth. 
With that, I will turn it over to Andrea for a detailed discussion of our financial results and outlook. Andrea?

Thanks, Bob. I'll take those one at a time. Two great questions. First, on the sustainability of the results. When we developed our Acceleration Program, it was with an eye on foundational changes that we needed to make to be ready for what we were calling at the time, the new world of retailing. And the trends that we saw over a year ago have only accelerated through COVID, as you know, and that's given us stronger conviction to move quickly. These are foundational changes. They're embedded in our business. Some of those changes include having a sharper focus on the customer. We're using more consumer data and research to inform our plans and our execution. We're leaning into digital, really leveraging the Tapestry platform to engage customers in a different way. We're making real headway here with triple-digit growth in digital over the past 2 quarters. We're maximizing the opportunity with the Chinese consumer, as evidenced by the 30% growth we showed in Mainland China this past quarter. 
And we're leveraging data for decision-making. And that means really embedding these tools in our decision-making framework and our processes, which is supporting our approach to things like disciplined promotions, our SKU reductions, inventory control. And we're also delivering gross SG&A savings, as Andrea mentioned, which is about streamlining our operating model. It's about taking layers out and empowering our teams so that we can drive agility and speed. 
And at the same time, we're investing in capabilities to reach customers in new ways. And I would say, finally, we're focused on driving more productivity and profitability from our fleet. I mean these are sustainable actions, and they're embedded in our operating model as we move forward, and we expect to drive accelerated revenue and profit growth across brands. 
I think year-to-date, our performance shows the actions are taking hold. We achieved strong operating income growth and operating margin expansion despite the pressured revenue year-to-date. 
To the second part of your question, with our first half outperformance, our fiscal year '21 outlook implies a return to high teens operating margin despite the external environment. And it also implies that in this fiscal year, we'll be approaching pre-COVID earnings on a 52-week basis despite the lower sales. So it really speaks to the success of our Acceleration Program and, honestly, the strength of our team's execution.

Yes. Erinn, we are really pleased with our digital business. Another quarter of triple digit growth, as you said. And as we look at it, we're in the middle of our fiscal year. But if we look on a trailing 12-month basis, our digital business has grown to $1.3 billion. So we're achieving significant scale. It's more than double where we were a year ago at this time. We ramped up quite quickly. And we're getting much better at engaging consumers on these platforms through e-commerce and social platforms. 
In fact, our digital business has been a great source of recruitment. We recruited over 1.5 million new customers in North America through digital channels just this last quarter alone across all of our brands. It is an important channel. We do see it continuing to grow. These digital shopping behaviors, we think, will be sticky, and we're well positioned to continue to invest in and engage consumers here. 
And to your point, our digital margins are accretive versus their brick-and-mortar counterpart. So as we grow this and continue to grow this channel and meet our customers where they want to shop, it also is a tailwind from an operating margin perspective as we move forward.

Yes. I'll take the big picture and then pass it to Todd to give you some input on what we're seeing in Coach specifically. 
But overall, our focus through our acceleration program is to sharpen the focus on the consumer. And as we do that, we're looking at ways that we can engage consumers with our brands. Some of that is on digital and social channels, and we're building the tools and capabilities to be able to engage more consumers in our brands. 
We're gaining a lot of traction. We've added a lot of customers to our brands. When I talk about recruiting 1.5 million new customers, these are customers who are new to the brand overall. So these are not customers who are just migrating from brick-and-mortar into digital. We are seeing some of that behavior naturally with the lower traffic to our stores, but these are new-to-brand customers. 
And as you mentioned, they're increasingly younger. We're acquiring younger customers at an increasing rate as we engage in e-commerce channels and digital channels and through social media, which is great for the long-term health of our brands. 
And I'll kick it to Todd to give you a little bit more color on what he's seeing at Coach.

Regarding Kate Spade, as we mentioned, we are really pleased with the progress we're making in that brand. And we have a number of promising green shoots. 
I would say we're still early days in terms of the actions we're taking to restore the brand to help and drive the brand to its fullest potential. And we are really encouraged by the green shoots that the team is taking. We're seeing operating margin expansion, improvement in the top line, and that's being driven by our focus on our assortments and the product is resonating with our consumer. We've talked about our handbag assortment and stabilizing and reenergizing our core handbag assortment. We're seeing traction behind key elements of that assortment and talk about the spade flower and the all-day tote that we released in last quarter, all performing. So that's a green shoot. 
We're recruiting new customers, which is important to the brand, so that we can continue to expand the Kate Spade community. But we're also increasingly reactivating lapsed customers, which says that as we get back to the fundamental elements of the brand, we're resonating with our core customer base. So that was another green shoot in the quarter. 
And I would say, finally, our global handbag AUR grew in the quarter, which is -- has been really nice progress, and I think speaks to the relevance of the products as we're delivering it. So we feel really good about the progress we're making in the Kate Spade brand. 
As it relates to dispo, obviously -- or maybe not obviously, that is a channel that we're trying to minimize, and we've made tremendous progress on that over the past few quarters. So we continue to focus on driving our business through our value channels to our consumers as well as through specialty. And we're making, as I said, really good progress. And really, the great news for us is that we're only just beginning. We see a tremendous amount of potential for the Kate Spade brand as we move forward.

Lorraine, thanks for that question. Yes, the shift in digital has been rapid, and we've seen that more than doubled in the last 12 months. Our total digital, I mentioned earlier, about $1.3 billion now business has reached sizable scale as well. And we have reacted quite quickly to support that business. We've added distribution square footage, we've added carrier partnerships and we continue to make the investments required to support that business on the distribution and fulfillment side as well as investing in the platform and the data and technology and the tools that we need to manage that business. 
The teams have done a great job moving inventory around the world to ensure we're supporting demand where we see it. So we feel great about our position, our Tapestry platform and the scale that we bring to our digital business. 
And as it relates to the fleet, our first focus is to sharp -- is on the customer, right? We want to follow where the customer is, we want to meet the customer where they are. And our shift into digital this year has really been to serve our customer where they and how they want to be served. 
And as we think about the fleet, we think about it through that same lens. We've talked about over the last couple of quarters, raising the thresholds of profitability and our expectations for the productivity and profitability for our fleet, and we continue to manage our fleet with those expectations, higher expectations for productivity and higher expectations for those -- our brick-and-mortar stores to be profitable. 
Having said that, we also believe that there is a need for physical touch point of the brand, stores matter. And we're investing in and ensuring that, that physical touch point is the right experience for our consumer. And a great example of that is the store that we opened up in Shanghai in the IAPM Mall. It's a fully immersive digital store with floor-to-ceiling video walls that engage our consumer and let them engage with the video on the wall. So it's about the experience, but our -- from a financial perspective and how we manage our business and our fleet is with an eye on productivity and profitability.

Yes. Thanks, Todd. Didn't mean to steal your thunder.

Yes. Thanks, Oliver. That's a great question. And ESG and sustainability overall is something that has been very important. It's important to each of our brands, and it's important to Tapestry as a company. In fact, as we were forming Tapestry as a company a few years ago, we talked about how ESG needed to be part of the fabric of our company. And we created our social fabric, which encompasses our ESG program, if you will, our goals. And they're around people, communities and in our environment. And so all 3 of those areas are focus areas of ours. 
As it relates to our people goals, it's about having more representation across our organization and in leadership, and we continue to hold our teams accountable for progress. There's definitely more work we need to do there, but we remain very focused on it. 
And as it relates to communities, it's about how we impact our communities as a company. And that's through our foundation and the work our foundations do, but also through volunteering efforts from our teams. 
And I would say, lastly, on the environment, we're very focused on our carbon footprint and the impact and traceability of our supply chain. So those are some of the areas of focus. It is a very important element of our strategies going forward, and we're holding ourselves accountable to making progress on our goals.

Yes. Let me talk about -- I'll take the category more broadly. And then Todd and Andrea can talk about the sustainability of our margins. 
But as we think about the category, this handbag and small leather business has been a strong category pre-COVID. For years leading into the pandemic, the category was growing mid- to high single digits. We've been incredibly pleased with the level of engagement the customers have had with the category as we move through the pandemic. That's evidenced by our digital business, but also in areas in China, where the recovery is further along and we're seeing strong growth. So continue to see consumers engage with the category, and we continue to hear that handbags, these categories are emotional categories that consumers love and they continue to purchase to treat themselves. They consider the purchase a treat. 
And so we've also done some research in the middle of COVID about purchase intent going forward. And what we've heard from consumers is that there continues to be strong purchase intent for our categories. It ranks one of the highest categories for purchase intent in the coming 12 months. 
So we're pleased with the engagement in the category during the pandemic. We expect the category to continue to grow post pandemic. And as I think about it, as the vaccine rolls out and the world opens up again and people begin to connect in the physical world, we expect people to be going to events again and going out to eat, and we are very excited to be able to continue to grow our business as we outfit our consumers as their habits change going forward. So we see a lot of growth ahead as well. 
And Todd, in terms of sustainability of margins, I addressed that a little bit in our -- my first -- in the first question today, but our -- the changes we're making in our organization are embedded in the organization. And we do think they're sustainable. But I'll pass it to Todd to take these.

And before we close...

Thank you, Christina. I just want to thank everyone for joining us today. We are pleased with our outperformance to date in a uniquely challenging environment, and it underscores the progress we're making through our Acceleration Program. 
I do want to take a moment to thank our talented teams around the world who move mountains to deliver for our customers this past quarter. The challenges were steep, but their passion, energy and ingenuity made these results possible. Our performance this quarter reinforces our competitive advantages of our talented global teams, our great brands and Tapestry's enabling platform and gives us confidence in our long-term strategy and ability to create value. And I believe we're positioned to emerge from the pandemic stronger with the ability to capture market share at higher levels of profitability. And I look forward to keeping you posted on our progress in the coming quarters. Thank you.