Good morning. Thank you, Andrea, and welcome, everyone. As you read in this morning's press release, our strong fourth quarter results capped an excellent fiscal year '18 performance, which demonstrated the power of our multi-brand model. Importantly, we achieved our overall sales and operating income guidance, driving significant growth, while earnings per share outpaced our forecast. 
It was also a year of many milestones for our company. We completed the acquisition of Kate Spade and evolved into a true house of brands, establishing Tapestry as our new corporate identity. Our company is built upon shared values of optimism, innovation and inclusivity in a common platform, while our unique brands, Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, retained their distinctive personalities, respecting their individual narratives and positioning. 
We also strengthened our executive and creative leadership across our brands, with a clear focus on global talent to execute our strategic vision. At Coach, we reinforced our regional leadership with the appointments of Laura Dubin-Wander as President, North America; and Fredrick Malm as President, Europe & International Wholesale. We also brought Cristiano Quieti, who is Head of Jack Spade, to lead Coach's men's business across channels. 
At Kate Spade, we named Anna Bakst as CEO and Brand President in March, joining Creative Director, Nicola Glass, who started in January. We now have the right senior management in place to lead the talented Kate Spade team and drive the business globally. 
At Stuart Weitzman, we're delighted to have Eraldo Poletto at the helm, who joined us as CEO and Brand President last quarter. He brings 30 years of fashion experience and a proven track record in luxury brand growth. And most recently, we brought in renowned footwear designer, Edmundo Castillo, as Head of Product Design. At Tapestry, Fabio Luzzi joined Tapestry's Global Strategy and Data Labs team as Vice President of Data Labs and Customer Analytics.
In addition, we brought fresh perspectives to our board, with the appointment of new directors, all with extensive and relevant business experience in innovation, digital and business operations.
Finally, we announced several important business development initiatives during the year, which allow each of our brands to assume greater direct control over their international distribution. To this end, we're excited to announce that we've now entered into purchase agreements to acquire Kate Spade's operations in Singapore, Malaysia and Australia as well as Stuart Weitzman's business in Southern China. These locations will transition to our brands' management in the September-October time frame. As we demonstrated with our past experience, controlling these businesses directly allows us to accelerate international growth and enhance each brand's development in these markets, with only a limited impact on near-term profitability as they transition. 
As in the case of the initiatives previously announced, these agreements are focused on 2 global strategic priorities: First, leveraging the opportunities for our brands with the Chinese consumer globally; and secondly, unlocking the value of a multi-brand operating model. 
Moving to category trends. During the fourth quarter, we estimate the men's and women's premium handbag and accessories market, which is now over $45 billion, grew at a low double-digit rate globally, benefiting in part from the weaker U.S. dollar. On an organic basis, we estimate that the global category rose high single digits, similar to the March quarter. The strong fourth quarter number drove the trailing 12-month growth rate to a low double-digit rate in U.S. dollars and a high single-digit on an organic basis.
Looking at other categories, which play an important role in Tapestry's growth. In FY '18, we also estimate the global men's and women's premium footwear category at about $30 billion and the premium outerwear category at about $12 billion. Both grew at a high single-digit rate in constant currency. Very positive global macroeconomic factors, including strong consumer confidence, historically low unemployment, rising consumer spending and stock markets near all-time highs, have driven consumer demand across our categories. Additionally, we see the resurgence of logo and branded product, which started with the European brands, as an incremental tailwind. However, we must note that there is uncertainty in the FY '19 macroeconomic outlook, which could impact market growth in the year ahead.
Moving forward, we are focused first and foremost on execution. Our goal is to deliver strong revenue and operating income growth in fiscal 2019, while making the right strategic investments to support our long-term vision and return to double-digit operating income and EPS growth in FY '20.
Specifically, this year, we will: First, continue to harness the power of our multi-brand model. To that end, we remain on track to achieve run rate synergies from both COGS and SG&A of approximately $100 million to $115 million in fiscal 2019. We're also building a scalable shared services model, including investments in systems and infrastructure to support our current and future growth initiatives. 
Second, fuel innovation across brands, which Josh, Anna and Eraldo will speak to in detail shortly. 
Third, drive global growth with an emphasis on the Chinese consumer. Across all of our brands, we are focused on maximizing the opportunities with Chinese consumers, both locally and globally. We will optimize our footprint, investing where needed and culling where appropriate. We will continue to see the Greater China market and in addition, Europe, as geographic opportunities across Tapestry's portfolio. And we will invest in local tailored marketing to drive brand awareness and amplify our global message as we create cultural context and relevance across markets. 
And fourth, advance our digital and data analytics capabilities. We have made significant investments in our data infrastructure and database architecture. Today, we have nearly 120 million names in our global database and have a very high capture rate across channels, and we remain focused on growing and enhancing our database over time. Moving forward, the opportunities for us to leverage digital connectivity and data analytics from the front to the back of house is boundless. We've created a learning agenda, which includes exploring AI and machine learning for inventory management, merchandising and pricing analytics, to name a few. 
Overall, our strong fiscal 2018 performance reflected the benefits of diversification across brands, geographies and categories. We're proud of the progress we've made this year and couldn't be more excited about the opportunities ahead for Tapestry and each of our brands. 
I will now turn over the call to our brand CEOs to walk through their respective results and strategies for fiscal year '19, starting with Josh to discuss Coach. Josh?

Sure. I'll let Josh discuss the Coach factors in a moment, but in terms of the overall category, Erinn, of course, a lot to be excited about over the past year. Much of that growth, as we've referenced pretty consistently over the last 3 to 4 quarters, has been driven by just a few limited European luxury brands, those that are the most highly branded, where there's been a lot of excitement and innovation most recently, and of course, remains for us a key opportunity given our history there. Globally, in dollars, of course, as I mentioned during the call, low double digits, high single digits on an organic perspective. Of course, very unpredictable as we look ahead. Given the torrid pace with a few brands this past year, we don't see that as being sustainable. But all points to, I would say, a pretty good picture for the handbag and accessories category and most importantly, for consumers' attraction to brands, and of course, our own very strong feelings in continuing to invest in our brand portfolio. Josh?

Yes, and specifically to your question, Erinn, on the discrepancy, I would just add that obviously, the 2 or 3 brands that are driving outsized growth are really unique within the space. And of course, for ourselves, within our own journey to replatform, if you will, and to transform the brand, we're in the very early stages of our own Signature growth and Josh can speak to that. But as you know, we've only relaunched Signature ourselves in March, April of this year. So very, very early innings for us.

Sure. I'll let Josh, in a moment, talk about the drivers of Coach comp and then Signature penetration. As it relates to data, I'm really excited, Oliver. And you and I have talked a little bit offline about this. In terms of the talent that we're bringing to bear to this, we have the infrastructure now in place in terms of our database. We've hired key leadership for the Data Labs, with Fabio Luzzi having joined us, and in fact, just a couple of weeks ago, presented a very detailed strategy to our board discussing both what we would like to do near and longer term. Nearer term, you're going to see us, of course, leverage the 120 million names that we already have, looking to drive insights with our merchant teams. We are beginning to leverage some machine learning in terms of driving better allocation of product and better inventory management overall. Those would be some of the key priorities in addition to what we could do in managing pricing much more dynamically across channels. So a lot of work going on. A lot of testing going on. And I would imagine that over the next 2 or 3 quarters, we'll be able to share much more some of those results with you. Josh?

Sure. I think, in essence, Oliver, it comes down to maintaining brand relevance and us behaving in the most innovative ways possible to be relevant to younger consumers, whether, of course, that be through product, everything that we're doing digitally through marketing, everything that we could do, of course, through other forms of marketing and ensuring that our store experiences, whether they be on the digital or brick-and-mortar stores, stay relevant as well. I think it's job description for our teams to continue to innovate. And obviously, in the case of Coach, you've heard Josh reference a lot of the work there. In the case of Kate Spade, very excited about that launch happening in September under Nicola's new creative direction and for you to see that live. And I know that Eraldo and Edmundo are very, very active in writing the next chapter of Stuart Weitzman as well.

Josh?

I'll let Josh jump in, in a moment on Coach. I would say that what you're going to hear from him is pretty consistent, really, across all 3 brands.

Yes, and I would say, Alexandra, if we take the channels as a whole, especially as we get into smaller, full-price malls, the very long-term trends that we have been seeing remain constant when we talk to mall operators, which is full-price malls seeing low to mid-single-digit drops and slightly better performance than outlet malls has been the very consistent long-term trends, of course, as consumers continue to be more selective in their shopping habits, and of course, also given the shift that's continued to online channels.

I think you're going to see us, of course, grow Kate, especially internationally as we've mentioned. One of the key investments we're making this year, Simeon, have been in the control of our JV in China. We've also just announced, of course, controlling further our distribution in Southeast Asia. And just for context there, when we took the Coach business back in China, we were at $50 million. Today, that's a business north of $600 million. Coach today has a 30% unaided awareness. Kate Spade is at 2%. Stuart Weitzman, probably, as an example, another great opportunity for growth, is at 1%. Coach to date has a 70% aided awareness in China after our near decade of investment. Kate Spade is at 10%, Stuart Weitzman is at a -- just north of 10%. And Coach has a 180 locations in 70 cities. We know that there's north of 200 cities in China with a population of a million or more. And so really, outside of North America, I would say that, that is the single largest untapped opportunity for all of our businesses. We're very excited about China. This year, for us, is a year across all 3 brands of increased investments with the Chinese consumer. And we're very, very excited about that. And relative -- just as an example, relative to the Coach's 181 locations, Kate today has just north of 30. So a lot of opportunity there. So we see distribution growth internationally, and then of course, some slight distribution growth in North America. And then positive comps from the second half here in North America, not only as we launch the new product in full price, but of course, Anna and team are very, very excited about the opportunities for them to drive further efficiencies in the outlet channel as well, as that product flows through. So a lot of levers for us.

Michael, you were breaking on us a little bit. If we understood the question correctly it was in terms of the mid-single-digit was -- was that question? Mid...

What are the drivers for the mid-single-digit, of currency and the like?

Okay. And how much of that is currency, how much of that is distribution, is what I think the question was, Kevin.

Yes, with -- I think, Michael, we're talking about obviously driving top line and bottom line across all 3 of our brands, we should see accretion. The difference between '19 and '20, of course, is that a lot of the initial investments that we're making this year are behind us and we've lapped those. And so you're going to see a lot more of that growth drop to the bottom line. That's really where the unlock is, both in distribution -- and then you don't have the incrementality of the systems investments as well, so -- that we're making this year that, of course, are across the entire organization.

So Michael, obviously, look, in terms of thinking about the first quarter, we don't normally give guidance, of course, within -- on a quarter-to-quarter basis. But given last year, if you remember, we had some -- and Josh mentioned, as we had some opportunities with inventory, we would expect it to be our easiest comp in terms of the, especially the Coach brand, but it is our worst tax rate. So I would just caution you on that.

Yes, and I would just add, Omar, and I think we've discussed in the past, that channel globally, if we think about it outside of North America, has been one of the few that has continued to see investments, not only from developers, still at much lower number of doors, of course, both in Europe and in Asia, but has continued to see development and continues to gain relevance, because a lot of our European luxury peers are looking at the channel, are making some key investments there. And so not every door is the same, but those that are true luxury destinations in the outlet channel continue to gain traction. And we find that, of course, very encouraging as a multichannel player.

Yes, but certainly, Lorraine, that would be the objective. And I think Josh called it innovative to elevate, is to try and continue to get the customer to see the value in what we're doing and pay for it.

Thank you. Thank you, Andrea. And I just want to thank our teams, as is our long-standing custom. A team that's 21,000 strong across the world and that truly is working every single day to drive our performance. I couldn't be prouder of them and nor more excited about the limitless opportunities that we have for Tapestry as we continue to evolve as the house of desirable brands with highly talented and incredibly dedicated teams. Thank you.