Good morning. Thank you, Christina, and welcome, everyone. We drove standout results this fiscal year, delivering accelerated revenue and profit growth across our portfolio, a direct reflection of the vibrancy of our brands and the agility and ingenuity of our talented teams around the world. 
Our performance also demonstrates both our competitive advantages as well as the success of our strategic growth agenda, which we developed nearly 3 years ago to radically transform our organization to compete and win in a new world of retail. This meant changing the way we worked, adopting a more consumer-centric mindset and utilizing our data-rich platform to acquire new consumers and better connect with our existing customers. 
At the same time, our ambition required a commitment to leading in digital to complement our world-class store operations, recognizing the increasing importance of the omnichannel journey. We also embraced the need to fundamentally pivot, driving efficiencies in many areas of the business to support brand building and high-return investments. 
Overall, we had to be more agile while doubling down on the innovation we bring to consumers at every touch point of our brands. As we crystallized our vision, which we actually named the Acceleration Program, we could have never predicted the ways the external environment would change with the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. Although this profoundly altered the world around us, it reaffirmed our strategic direction. And with consistent execution, we emerged a stronger company. 
Through an unwavering focus on the consumer, we acquired 15 million new customers in North America alone over the last 24 months, including approximately 7.7 million new customers in fiscal '22. Importantly, we have seen these new customers transact at higher AURs and they have returned to the brands with higher frequency. At the same time, we've increased retention rates and continued to reactivate lapsed customers across brands, all of which has led to more active customers engaging with our brands at higher average spend. 
Next, we fueled significant growth in digital, which reached $2 billion in sales at accretive margins in fiscal '22, more than triple fiscal '19 levels. We see runway ahead to further increase our e-commerce sales, leveraging our established capabilities online. In addition, we grew AUR, highlighting the strength of our brands and the increasing traction of our product offerings through innovation and craftsmanship. This growth was also supported by a 40% to 50% reduction in SKU counts and a significant pullback in promotions as we utilize data and analytics to enhance our go-to-market strategies. 
Overall, these accomplishments contributed to Tapestry reaching record annual revenue of $6.7 billion in the fiscal year. This performance underscores the power of our globally diversified business model in the face of a challenging backdrop. In the back half of our fiscal year, while our operations in China were materially impacted by COVID-related disruptions, outperformance throughout the rest of the world led by North America, drove strong top line growth. 
Our results for the year were also fueled by gains across our portfolio with each brand delivering double-digit sales increases in the fiscal year. And we achieved accelerated growth versus fiscal '19 despite facing meaningful supply chain headwinds that required us to adapt to meet growing demand for our brands. 
At the same time, we have transformed our business model, realizing $300 million in run rate expense savings, which helped to fund our growth initiatives, including a significant step up in brand marketing, which reached 8% of sales, doubling from fiscal '19. Overall, we drove earnings growth 35% ahead of pre-pandemic levels, and we utilized our robust free cash flow generation to return $1.9 billion to shareholders in fiscal '22 alone. 
Importantly, we also made significant progress on many of our corporate responsibility commitments in fiscal year '22. We took bold actions through our newly created Tapestry Foundation, becoming a founding partner of FIT's Social Justice Center and establishing a partnership with the World Wildlife Fund to launch a pioneering leather traceability program in Brazil. In addition, we hired our first Chief Inclusion and Social Impact Officer, and we were a signatory of the Open to All's Mitigate Racial Bias in Retail Charter, underscoring our commitment to build a company that's equitable, inclusive and diverse. 
Overall, we've made tremendous strides forward under our Acceleration Program. I'm confident in the foundation we've built, which positions us to continue to be agile in an ever-changing environment as we remain focused on moving at the speed of the consumer to drive sustainable growth across our brands for years to come. 
Now turning to the highlights across each of our brands, starting with Coach. In fiscal year '22, we delivered 18% top line growth or an increase of 15% over fiscal '19 pre-pandemic levels, as we recruited over 4 million new customers in North America while driving momentum with our existing customers. Importantly, we achieved this while delivering strong operating margin of 30%. This speaks to the heightened level of innovation we're bringing to consumers, underpinned by consistent execution and reinforcing Coach's significant potential ahead. 
For the fourth quarter, we achieved a sales increase of 8% compared to prior year, including 14% growth in North America by advancing our strategic initiatives. First, we delivered a focused and compelling product assortment across categories. Our core families of Tabby, Willow, Rogue and Field, which have become pillars of our assortment, continued to resonate with consumers as we fuel innovation to maintain the relevance and emotional appeal. 
In Rogue, we added new shapes, including a classic top handle handbag, as well as options in our seasonal platforms. For Tabby, the collection continues to outperform expectations, including our core women's offering and the family's recent expansion into men's with the soft messenger gaining momentum. 
In addition to the Tabby expansion in men's, we delivered outsized gains overall in the men's category as well as across our lifestyle assortment, specifically footwear. Going forward, these will be important growth vehicles for Coach by increasing brand heat and top line momentum to drive customer recruitment, purchase frequency and overall basket size. 
Touching on AUR. While we delivered an increase for the year, we saw pressure in the fourth quarter, primarily due to geographic mix headwinds. In North America, handbag AUR remained approximately 40% ahead of fiscal '19 pre-pandemic levels, consistent with the third quarter, though declined slightly versus prior year. Importantly, we remain confident in Coach's pricing power going forward and see further AUR opportunity in fiscal '23 helped in part by broad ticket increases, which began in August. 
Second, we continue to infused data into our decision-making to ensure we're meeting the needs of the consumer while driving efficiencies in our go-to-market strategies. To this point, through product and concept testing as well as predictive analytics, we delivered a more focused and compelling assortment to consumers, resulting in higher sell-throughs and increased SKU productivity. 
Third, we strengthened our consumer outreach to emotionally appeal to customers and drive engagement. Throughout the quarter, we utilized multilayer influencer strategies to amplify our offering and enhance our marketing campaigns, including on social platforms such as TikTok. 
Overall, we've driven stronger customer metrics, including the acquisition of approximately 1 million new customers transacting in our North America channels. In fact, over the course of the acceleration program, Coach recruited over 8 million new customers, which included a higher penetration of millennial and Gen Z customers. Importantly, during this timeframe, we've continued to engage with our existing customers while increasing both overall spend per customer and purchase frequency. 
Fourth, we invested in our digital business, which led to a low double-digit revenue increase in the quarter. As of fiscal year-end, e-commerce represented nearly 30% of sales for the brand, a material increase compared to the high single-digit penetration pre-pandemic. 
Looking ahead to fiscal year '23, we are capitalizing on the foundational changes we've made and are advancing our agenda to drive continued growth at the brand. Specifically, we will focus on expanding our customer reach and increasing lifetime value by recruiting new customers with a particular focus on younger audiences while increasing overall purchase frequency and retention rates. 
We will drive growth in our core leather goods [ offering ], continuing to build equity in iconic families, accelerate gains in men's and lifestyle categories, notably footwear and ready-to-wear, where we've been delivering outsized growth, invest in digital and China long-term, high-growth opportunities for the brand, and translate and infuse Coach's narrative into messaging across consumer touch points to reinforce our brand purpose. 
In closing, Coach is an iconic brand with significant runway ahead as we continue to create deeper connectivity with consumers through innovative product, emotional storytelling and a purpose-led agenda that together, creates a virtuous flywheel for customer engagement. Our success over this past fiscal year, highlighted by a significant acceleration in sales at strong margins, underscores our confidence in the brand and its meaningful opportunity for long-term, sustainable growth. 
Now moving to Kate Spade. The brand delivered record revenue of over $1.4 billion in the fiscal year, representing growth of 22%, while expanding operating margin. Throughout the year, our team has been laser-focused on rebuilding the brand's foundation and clarifying our purpose. We have delivered consistent results, a testament to our strong team, the solid execution of our strategic actions and the increasing traction and unique positioning of our brand. In fact, over the past year, in North America, we acquired over 3 million new customers, reactivated nearly 1.5 million lapsed customers and drove low double-digit growth in average customer spend. 
Briefly touching on highlights from the fourth quarter, Kate Spade outperformed expectations on both the top and bottom line, reflecting progress against our growth strategies. First, we amplified key handbag platforms as we continue to build and innovate our product, infusing newness across the assortment. 
Knott, our core family and #1 collection again fueled the quarter's performance, delivering strength across the offering, most notably the crossbody option, which was launched last quarter. In addition, fashion shapes, such as the Manhattan Tote and the recently introduced top handle [ Merang ] outpaced our expectations. 
Novelty remains an important asset, a unique and differentiating factor for the brand that plays a key role in our storytelling culture. In fact, the newest novelty collections once again delivered strong sell-throughs at well above overall AUR. Importantly, the traction of our core, new introductions and novelty offering, coupled with a pullback in promotional activity, drove a low double-digit increase in global handbag AUR. 
Second, we drove brand heat by engaging the consumer through emotional storytelling and a community-driven approach. Our Cabana capsule acted as an engagement engine as well as an opportunity to test product drops and build best practices. 
To amplify the campaign, we launched a series of pop-ups in key cities, including New York, London and Kuala Lumpur. These locations evoke the color and joy that Kate Spade is known for, leading to new customer acquisition with over 50% of purchases made at the pop-ups from new customers. At the same time, our Kate Spade New York Cabana hashtag challenge on TikTok, which boasted a wide cast of influencers, well outpaced expectations, garnering 8 billion views since launch. 
Third, we're utilizing data to maintain a consumer-centric approach and gain a deeper understanding of the preferences and drivers of customer purchases. For example, we've seen our mini and micro shapes drive recruitment of new customers, while fashion shapes and novelty resonate with our existing customer base. This knowledge comes into play as we develop our assortment architecture and targeted marketing campaigns. 
Our focus on consumer centricity is highlighted by strong customer metrics. In North America, we drove an increase in the number of active customers, driven by reactivating lapsed customers and reengaging our existing customer base. At the same time, we recruited over 700,000 new customers to the brand in the quarter. 
Fourth, we built on the strong foundation of our lifestyle positioning and delivered double-digit growth across ready-to-wear, footwear and jewelry. We're offering innovative and distinctive product in these categories, which emotionally connects consumers to our Kate Spade stories and the brand's DNA. Ultimately, these categories foster deeper connections with consumers, supporting higher lifetime value and global expansion. 
And fifth, we have continued to invest in our digital business as we test innovative ways to engage with consumers online, including an expanded use of influencers. Overall, we've made significant progress building out this channel. In fact, Kate Spade's digital revenue represented 1/3 of total sales, well ahead of the brand's 20% penetration just 3 years ago. 
Overall, Kate Spade is entering fiscal '23 with momentum. Our intent for this fiscal year is to connect more deeply with our community, leaning into the power of our brand to drive global growth. 
To accomplish this, we will deliver a distinctive leather goods offering, capitalizing on the brand's unique positioning within the market and continue to drive higher AUR; accelerate lifestyle, focusing on jewelry, footwear and ready-to-wear; drive customer lifetime value by continuing to reactivate, engage existing customers while recruiting younger, more diverse customers; and fuel the emotional power of the Kate Spade brand and community through marketing that amplifies its unique positioning and universally relevant purpose. 
Our success at Kate Spade is a direct reflection of the power of customer centricity and commitment to brand building. Through a focus on what differentiates the brand in the eyes of the consumer, including its lifestyle offering and community engagement through storytelling, we're resonating with new and existing customers, driving higher AUR and increasing our traction internationally. We are increasingly confident in the brand's opportunity to achieve $2 billion in revenue and a high-teens operating margin over our planning horizon. 
Turning to Stuart Weitzman. Throughout fiscal '22, the brand maintained a focused strategy to drive growth, improving execution while remaining nimble to foster increasing consumer demand. The success of these actions resulted in double-digit sales gains for the fiscal year and a return to profitability despite managing through challenging external dynamics, notably COVID-related pressures in China. 
In the fourth quarter, Stuart Weitzman continued to advance its growth strategies. First, we improved profitability as we leaned into strength in North America, which helped to offset the pressures in China. Despite headwinds in the margin-accretive China region, we delivered operating margin improvement compared to the prior year and above our forecast in the quarter. 
Second, we maintained a consumer-centric strategy as we delivered a compelling and trend-right offering for our customers, leveraging data and analytics. Sandals were a key category as we capitalized on the increased consumer need for occasion wear. This included a standout performance from our iconic Nudist collection, which accounted for 5 of our top 10 styles. 
At the same time, we increased product relevancy through newer introductions, which continue to see traction. In fact, our versatile Stuart pump, which has resonated for return to work, will be featured as a new family in fiscal '23, given the style's outperformance. 
Our streamlined and relevant offering, coupled with lower promotional activity and the benefit of price increases, drove AUR growth of over 20% in North America. Going forward, we see continued opportunity to increase prices and drive full price selling while maintaining our positioning within the overall market.  
Third, our engaging messaging helped to recruit new customers while continuing to reengage and reactivate clients. Fourth, we accelerated our wholesale partnerships and expanded the brand's footprint in key accounts across the globe.  
Fifth, and finally, we continue to invest in digital, resulting in nearly 20% sales growth. For the fiscal year, digital represented over 20% of revenue, which while a significant increase from a low double-digit penetration pre-pandemic, highlights the significant opportunity to continue to grow our e-commerce business. 
Looking ahead to fiscal '23, Stuart Weitzman's focus is to fuel continued momentum through innovation across all customer touch points with the brand. Specifically, we will spark desire with high emotion product, leaning into our authority on occasion wear and building on our casual foundation; drive brand awareness through impactful marketing campaigns; accelerate China while continuing to grow North America; increased digital revenue by continuing the online experience; and further improve profitability through a focus on high-margin growth opportunities as well as increased store productivity. 
Overall, we believe these are the right strategic priorities to build brand awareness, grow market share and position the brand for continued profitable growth. 
In closing, our results underscore the power of our brand, the strength of our teams and the success of our strategic actions. In addition, this performance highlights the attractive and durable nature of our categories, which have proven resilient over time, given both the emotional and functional needs they fulfill for consumers. 
As we embark on a new fiscal year, the environment remains challenging and continues to rapidly evolve. However, the foundation we've built positions us to be nimble and responsive to change, balancing near-term headwinds with our long-term ambition. 
Importantly, we see significant runway ahead as we harness our unique combination of authentic brands amplified by an agile and data-rich operating model. This has supported our significant acceleration over the last 3 years and is key to our ongoing success as we focus on powering our iconic brands to move with the speed of the consumer. 
Overall, we are confident in our ability to drive long-term, sustainable growth and look forward to sharing the details of our financial and strategic road map at our Investor Day in September. 
With that, I'll turn it over to Scott, who will discuss our financial results, capital priorities and fiscal '23 outlook. Scott?

I would say that we're confident in our ability to connect with the consumer. Over the last 2 years, we've gained 15 million new customers in North America alone. And we just -- as you pointed out, we just delivered a great year. 
We posted record revenue levels, double-digit growth at each of our brands. And those results last year and over the past 2 years have been delivered in a very difficult retirement. We saw top and bottom line growth over that period, and we're up double digits to pre-pandemic levels. And that really speaks to the success of our Acceleration Program. We've built a very strong foundation, and we see significant runway ahead. 
Given the macro backdrop, as you mentioned, we believe that our outlook is both prudent and realistic. We expect constant currency 6% to 7% growth for the year. And some of the drivers of our confidence, it starts with our team. 
I believe we have the best team in the business. Our team has proven to have agility, and we've been responsive to all of the changes that we've seen in the backdrop. Our brands are strong and getting stronger. And over the last 3 years, we've really pivoted the company with -- to have a real focus on brand building and brand building capabilities, and we're investing behind that and in the future of our brands. 
We play in attractive categories. The categories that we serve our customers have proven to be resilient over time and durable. And I think the success of our transformation is really underpinned by our laser focus on the customer. We're staying closer and closer to our customers and executing behind that. And not only are we calling for growth in this fiscal year, but we see a tremendous amount of runway ahead across each of our brands, and we're looking forward to sharing more of those details at our Investor Day coming up next month.

Yes. We feel really good about our store fleet and the health of our store fleet. We had -- over the last 3 years, had a focus on improving the productivity and profitability of our store fleet and also understanding and making sure that we're delivering the right experience for our consumers in that physical touch point. 
And we believe stores are still important to the consumer, and it represents, as I said, an important touch point. But with our focus on the profitability, even as we've come through the pandemic and had traffic pressures, our store fleet is more profitable than it was pre-pandemic level today, even today. So we feel good about where we're positioned, and we see opportunities to continue to work to improve the experience we're delivering to consumers in that physical touch point as really an important part of the consumer shopping journey. 
Importantly, to your point, we've driven an incredible growth in our digital business. We've reached $2 billion in that business, more than triple where we were pre-pandemic. And it's important because we've taken a focus shifting from a specifically channel focus to focusing on the consumer, and we want to be where the consumer is in terms of how to engage the consumer with our brands. 
And we've, again, lots of traction in digital. It's a $2 billion business. It comes with accretive margins versus the brick-and-mortar channel. So for us, seeing that continued growth is a good thing and a good outcome. But at the same time, we're improving profitability of our store fleet. And altogether, we're acquiring new customers across these channels, which is really healthy for our brands, including an increasing number of younger consumers. 
So that's how we're thinking about stores. We'll continue to test and learn in the omnichannel capabilities for our store and make sure we're delivering the right experience for our consumers there.

Yes, I'll kick it off by saying -- and then I'll toss it to Todd for some color on Coach. AUR, it continues to be -- we continue to see pricing power across our brands. And for the quarter overall, we saw AUR growth. 
In the Coach brand, in the fourth quarter, though we parse it out, Coach has been successful driving AUR growth for 3 years. And a lot of that is due to our focus on the consumer and delivering value and really leveraging data and analytics from our -- in our platform, but also delivering the innovation that the customers value. 
And again, 3 years of a strong track record in the fourth quarter, the Coach brand in North America was down slightly, but still 40% above pre-pandemic levels. So that gives you, I think, an understanding of the pace of change that we've made in the Coach brand. 
But that -- we still see continued opportunity for growth ahead, and I'll let Todd touch on that. In our other brands, the Kate and Stuart, we're much earlier on that journey and continue to drive strong AUR growth and see runway ahead in those brands as well. So bringing the power of our data-rich platform and our consumer centricity forward, it has had traction, and we see that going forward. But Todd, I'll let you provide some color on Coach specifically.

Yes. Thanks, Adrienne. I'll kick it off with our AUR and some of the data and analytics approach to how we thought about SKU reduction. And your point on understanding the assortment, we leveraged data and analytics to really help drive our SKU reduction efforts. 
We wanted to make sure that we did have the right assortment architecture and we cut a lot of the tail of the unproductive SKUs. But importantly, we leveraged analytics and market research to understand the consumer across the landscape and make sure that we had the right products to deliver against an understanding, a deeper understanding of the customer. 
So as we developed our assortment architecture, understanding who the consumer is, who the target consumer is and where we wanted to place our bets. And it's been an important and a huge win for us as we've come through a pretty volatile environment to have that focused assortment that has -- each SKU has a purpose, and we're evaluating which SKUs are attracting new customers, what are the entry points for our brands, where are we seeing customers move up in AUR and delivering that value that they recognize. 
It's been a tremendous help to have more focused assortment as we navigate a lot of the supply and demand changes around the world. And it's been a tremendous help in terms of communicating to the consumer what's important. So with all of the changes that have happened over the last 2 years, we're better at identifying the SKUs. We're better at allocating those items, that assortment across the world. We're better at allocating our inventory behind those, and we're better at messaging our consumers behind the reduced SKU count. So a lot of wins on that score.

Well, we see, Mark, the opportunity to achieve $2 billion. We're increasingly confident in that as the team has really delivered and the brand is really performing, both on top and bottom line. And we see that traction with our existing customers. That has been our focus, right, to get the brand steady and growing in our core markets of North America and Japan. And we see tremendous runway and opportunity ahead to get to that $2 billion with growth in our core markets. 
We also, though, to your point, see opportunity to expand internationally. We've driven strong growth. Our business is small in both China and Europe. Europe has been performing quite well. We see opportunities to expand there. And over time, also impact the China market. So that is an opportunity. 
The $2 billion is not contingent upon a big step into China. We see runway in our core markets in addition to China, which is, right now, it represents a lot of white space for the brand to continue to grow beyond $2 billion.

Yes. Why don't I toss it to Todd to talk about the Coach brand, and then I'll follow it up with our young consumer.

And let me just follow up with -- to answer the second part of your question, Oliver, on brand building, we have spent the last 3 years really pivoting the company to get focused on how we continue to invest in our brands. And as we've done that, we've focused on acquiring new customers, reactivating the customers, lapsed customers and continuing to drive higher customer lifetime value. And that focus on the customer is part of our brand building story. 
We are trying to acquire more customers and succeeding, 15 million new customers in the last 2 years alone. And we are seeing an increasing number of younger consumers. And we're doing that with capabilities that we've developed in marketing and also with data and how we're positioning our assortment, so understanding that consumer, getting closer to that consumer and delivering product and experiences that they value. And again, we're seeing traction. We're showing up in the places where they are, particularly on digital channels. And we're showing up not only for the transaction, but engaging consumers as they're on their journey, the customer journey and discovery. 
So part of our investments, and we talked about how we've significantly changed our investments to be behind that brand building and in digital, moving our marketing spend from 4% of sales to 8% of sales is meaningful. And we have the capabilities to continue to measure the effectiveness of the investments we're making and ensuring that we're getting the outcomes that we want. And you can see those results again in the customer acquisition over the last 2 years, and we expect that to continue.

Yes. We are fortunate to play in a category that has historically had very -- proven very resilient and had durable growth over years. We've seen pre-pandemic, the category grow in the mid- to high single-digit range very consistently. And even through the pandemic, we saw consumers engaging with the category and coming out strong as we've recovered from the pandemic. But going forward, we expect the category to continue to grow in that mid- to high single-digit level. 
And from the Coach brand, I give Todd and the team at Coach tremendous credit. They have really infused life and energy into that brand. We're acquiring new customers, we're driving innovation and really managing the business quite well. And you can see that in the customer acquisition that we're seeing at the Coach brand, we still have tremendous runway ahead for Coach. The category, we see growing, and we think Coach is very well positioned to continue to grow with the category at very strong margins.

Dana, first, I'll start by saying we occupy an incredible position in the market, and we represent tremendous value for the quality and the innovation that we're delivering to consumers, and consumers are recognizing that. We have been seeing AUR growth consistently at Coach for 3 years. And consumers are recognizing the value that we're delivering in the marketplace. 
Where we are in the journey, we still see runway ahead across all 3 brands to drive AUR. We see pricing power across our brands, again, with customers recognizing that value. While Coach is further along on this journey, again, and as Todd just mentioned, we see runway ahead to drive more price increases, more than offsetting inflationary input cost pressures as we move forward and as we deliver -- continue to deliver great value in the market. 
And in the context of the market, we've seen the Pinnacle luxury players move price up pretty substantially over the last 3 years. And that creates that white space for all of our brands to position our -- and continue to position AUR higher. 
And again, at Kate Spade and at Stuart Weitzman, continuing to see strong AUR growth in the last quarter over the last year, earlier on the journey, so much more runway ahead in those brands as well.

Thanks, operator. I want to close by thanking our teams around the world for their passion and commitment. They drove these standout results that we delivered. We delivered record annual revenue this year with double-digit growth at each brand and our digital business reaching $2 billion, along with earnings 20% above last year. So a standout performance, really clearly demonstrating the strength of our brands and the power of our transformation, which positions us well for the future.
We have significant long-term runway. And through a continued focus on the customer and commitment to brand building, I'm confident in our ability to drive sustainable growth going forward. I'm looking forward to sharing more details on our long-term road map at our Investor Day next month, and I hope to see you all there. Thank you.