Good morning. Thank you, Andrea, and welcome everyone. We are delighted to report a second quarter which exceeded our internal expectations from both the top line and bottom line perspective, leveraging the strong holiday season in North America and the benefits of Tapestry's multibrand global model. 
As noted in our press release this morning, our results benefited from both organic sales growth at Coach and Stuart Weitzman as well as the contribution of Kate Spade. Naturally, we were excited to drive positive global and North American comps for Coach as our inventory mix improved notably in outlet, while our retail business was driven by innovation and improved domestic mall traffic for the first time in several years. We were also pleased to deliver better-than-expected results across financial metrics. Most notably, and as will be shared in more detail by Kevin, we experienced a significant sequential improvement in gross margin trend at Coach and outperformance at Kate Spade, where we carefully managed promotions across channels.
The Kate Spade integration onto our operating platform continued smoothly during the quarter as we executed on the strategic actions to position the brand for long-term success. These included the pull back on flash sales and wholesale disposition, while taking substantial steps to unlock cost and operating synergies. We remain especially excited about the opportunities for the brand, both in terms of revenue growth, driven by distribution expansion and productivity and profitability improvements as we leverage our scale across our supply chain and corporate functions.
As previously shared, we continue to expect to achieve synergies, primarily related to SG&A of about $30 million to $35 million in FY '18 and run rate synergies from both COGS and SG&A of approximately $100 million to $115 million in fiscal 2019. This past quarter, we also made several key hires across our brands. Josh strengthened the leadership team at Coach with the appointment of Laura Dubin-Wander as President, North America; and Fredrick Malm as President, Europe & International Wholesale. And at Kate Spade, we announced Nicola Glass as Creative Director, a proven leader in fashion accessories design whose compelling vision for the brand as a leader in feminine accessories has the entire team excited for the next chapter. 
We are also pleased to announce that David Kang has joined the company in a newly created role of Head of Tapestry Digital and Coach brand e-commerce. David will be responsible for accelerating growth in the long-term vision of Coach's e-commerce business while driving innovation and leveraging emerging trends to create new capabilities across all Tapestry brands.
On the global business development front, we are thrilled to announce several important transactions today focused on 2 global strategic priorities: first, leveraging the opportunities for our brands with the Chinese consumer globally, highlighted by the pending acquisition of the Stuart Weitzman business from our distributor in Northern China and taking operational control of our Kate Spade joint venture for Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan; and second, unlocking the value of a multibrand operating model. 
To this end, we are excited to announce the buyback of the Coach business in Australia and New Zealand from our distributor with an expected closing date in the fiscal third quarter. As a result, we're creating a Tapestry multibrand hub and center of excellence in Australia, which allows for greater control of our brands and the structure and resources to drive growth across our portfolio in an important market.
Importantly, given our strong year-to-date financial performance, we expect that we will be able to fund these strategic actions while maintaining our operating income growth targets for the year. Taken together, with the anticipated benefits from the lower tax rate and interest expense, we expect to drive strong double-digit adjusted earnings growth and exceed annual EPS guidance we set out for Tapestry at the beginning of the fiscal year.
Moving to category trends. And as you know, given our new reporting structure, we have moved to a global category update. During the second quarter, we estimate that the men's and women's premium handbag and accessory market, which is over $40 billion, grew at a high single-digit rate globally, similar to the September quarter.
Now turning to results by brand. I'd like to focus on second quarter performance and spring outlook for Coach, where we remain focused on elevating brand perception, driving fashion relevance and ensuring balance across our product offering in both price points and materials. As you know, there were a number of extraordinary events that had impacted Q1 performance, which were beyond our control, along with poor inventory mix in our outlet channel. However, as we entered Q2, we were able to address the inventory mix opportunities highlighted at the time and saw a strong inflection in both global comparable store sales and gross margin from our Q1 performance with sales driven by an improvement across all productivity metrics: traffic, ticket trends and conversion. 
On a year-over-year basis, conversion remained positive, while traffic and ticket were essentially flat. Overall, for the second quarter, Coach sales increased 2%, both as reported and in constant currency, led by North America, while the international business in aggregate also rose on both a reported and constant currency basis. The brand's international constant currency sales growth was driven by increases in Europe, Greater China, Southeast Asia and Japan. Globally, we saw our business with the Chinese consumer increase with notable strength in Japan, Continental Europe and other Asia markets. 
During the quarter, our global Coach comp rebounded, rising 3%, led by North America outperformance as the inventory mix was corrected and mall traffic trends improved. Overall, Greater China comps rose with positive comps on the Mainland and a significant improvement in trend in Hong Kong and Macau. Comps in Europe were flat year-over-year as expected, given the double-digit gains posted in last year's second quarter, fueled by currency weakness notably in the U.K.
Moving to wholesale. Our North America shipments grew during the quarter driven by footwear. As expected, our sales at POS declined due to the wrap impact of spring 2017 door closures, which have not anniversaried, while our total promotional event days in the channel declined 20%. However, we were pleased to once again have positive year-on-year performance in comp doors within our largest account. Our results are especially strong in those doors which have been renovated into the modern luxury concept. Our international wholesale revenue declined due in part to shipment timing but rose at POS. 
Turning to Coach product performance and starting with retail. We offered a compelling holiday gift assortment with options across categories and price points in a wide selection of colors. Touches of playful prints and metallics surprised and delighted our customers while we continued to innovate leathercraft, launching quilting as a new technique. This novelty platform was offered across collections and silhouettes from Rogue and Dinky as well as in a full range of small leather goods, crafted in luxurious lightweight Nappa leather. 
In handbags for holiday, we focused on cascading the level of innovation and fashion leadership, which Stuart Vevers brings to our most elevated runway collections across the pyramid of price, occasion and function in both 1941 and our broader Coach assortments. Highlights of the quarter include: great progress on our strategy to reinforce our assortment in the $300 to $400 price tag, including the Selena Grace Bag, which launched at the end of Q1 and the Fulton Satchel. 
In addition, gifting items, including whimsical-branded canvas mascot tote bags were a hit with some key styles selling out within a few weeks. Likewise, our expanded range of small bags and small leather goods were well-received and enhanced our position as a gifting destination. Beyond leather goods, we were excited about the great response to ready-to-wear across geographies, especially the significant penetration levels in Asian markets, where Coach has always been viewed as a dual gender lifestyle brand. Finally, in men's retail, we saw success in gifting, notably in core colors as well as in cold weather. And similar to women's, men's ready-to-wear growth exceeded expectations. 
Supporting our retail product initiatives, our holiday marketing focused on compelling product-driven content and storytelling, we also continued to increase our focus on digital where we drove strong engagement across channels. And we successfully amplified the Coach gifting message with our holiday campaign featuring Selena. What was particularly exciting with the continued recruitment gains in both our North America and global customer databases and across channels, in part, reflecting our strategy to showcase the Selena collaboration to cut through to a broader audience. In addition, Coach continues to lead in key emotional and functional attributes in our brand tracking survey among the broad premium market. 
As noted on our last call, we launched Coach Create globally in Q2, a platform for clients to customize their bags either online or in-store. In 36 stores worldwide as well as online, we have the most complete expression of Coach Create, which allows customers to co-create bags with signature details such as embossed leather tea roses or prairie rivets. This customization is done in store while the customer shops. And in about 35% of our direct retail fleet worldwide, we now offer monogramming in our in-store craftsmanship bar or monogramming station. We've been so encouraged by the results of Coach Create that we will be expanding the most complete expression of the concept to over 250 stores globally or about 40% of the direct retail store base by the end of the year.
I wanted to spend a minute on our footwear initiative, which as you know, we took in-house and launched this summer. Our fall collections, the first under our direct control, included a focused assortment of 100 SKUs grounded in shearling and boots. At the end of Q2 in December, we launched pre-spring with an expanded range of functions, including a broad sneaker assortment and the introduction of the dress classification. Both of these strategies resonated with our customers. As we head into spring, we continue to amplify the sport category, introduce signature and enhance the dress assortment. 
Looking ahead to spring for retail. We will relaunch signature in our retail channel in a powerful way. The updated version of our signature pattern is inspired and rooted in our history, but as has been reinterpreted by Stuart Vevers and featured in spring 2018 runaway show. We will continue to innovate across price brackets with a focus on maintaining balance in the assortment. We will introduce 2 new styles under $400 that combine uptown elegance with downtown ease. And next week, we are looking forward to presenting our most elevated collection, Coach 1941, at New York Fashion Week. Finally, we will offer a compelling and feminine Mother's Day assortment rooted in animations in our iconic Tea Rose embellishment and featuring top styles, including Rogue and Dinky. 
Moving to outlet and starting with Q2. Impactful gifting destinations, key style launches and a comprehensive 360-degree experience through cross-category messaging, drove our holiday performance. In handbags, we were pleased by the positive response to Lexy and Faye, elegant silhouettes, which resonated with customers globally. In addition, we animated our chain family, which expanded our dressed up sensibility within the holiday assortment. Metallics, glitter and studding continued to have an increasingly important role in holiday with an expanded color palette rooted in cool pops of metallic. 
In December, the Coach Bears capsule played on the trend right creature animations on bags, small leather goods and fashion accessories. Black Friday included a fun plaid story across both men's and women's product categories. Backpacks and totes were especially strong within the Black Friday message. 
Now looking to spring in outlet. We are infusing innovation with new silhouette launches across the board. We have a couple of exciting collaborations coming within the channel in the next few weeks, and we'll be leveraging inspiration from the 1941 runway looks. Overall, we are thrilled with Coach's holiday performance. As we look forward to spring and beyond, we are well-positioned to drive positive comparable store sales, driven by compelling products, our differentiated modern luxury store experience and bold marketing campaigns across all of our channels and geographies. We are especially excited about our development and Logo platforms and the leverage that we expect to get from the new spring Selena Gomez campaign and bringing these ideas to our core customers globally given the current trend for highly differentiated Logo product in the broader market.
Moving to Kate Spade. Sales totaled $435 million in the second quarter, down about 7% from the prior year on a pro forma basis, reflecting our strategic reduction of both wholesale disposition and flash or surprise sale. Underlying comparable store sales trends were similar to the prior quarter with brick-and-mortar comps down 3% globally and total comp down about 7%, impacted by reduced promotional sales online. Highlights of the quarter were the strength of innovation in retail, where we expanded our customization program and supported the expansion of the ready-to-wear visual merchandising test. 
Most importantly, we focused on a gifting assortment with a broader offer across price points and balanced color palette. Within handbags, our core groups performed well, notably Cameron Street and Jackson Street, while backpacks and crossbodies, both comped significantly. The customer continued to respond to the Make It Mine customization program, which builds momentum in e-com as well. In small leather goods, small wallets and crossbodies drove the biggest increases. And in ready-to-wear, it was all about buy now, wear now with outerwear, sweaters and dresses the strongest categories. 
As noted in our last call, we are especially excited about our trend in ready-to-wear and have been testing a different visual merchandising approach. This test is focused on zoning retail stores by department rather than monthly introduction, allowing for an easier category shopping experience. The original test doors continued to outperform the balance of change during the quarter. And as a result, we rolled out the test to approximately 10 additional doors in Q2. We expect to expand this program throughout the second half of the fiscal year. 
And in outlet, we leveraged the opportunity around our gifting capsule as well as in backpacks and cross-body silhouettes. We saw improved results from higher inventory levels, notably in handbags sales, with small leather goods and jewelry also performing well. As always, we had fun with our retail holiday marketing across direct mail, featuring our seasonal and Make It Mine campaigns; digital, with our popular #missadventure and talking shop videos on holiday dressing and online gift guide. Store events were held throughout the quarter with our leopard events driving traffic into bricks and mortar. Similarly, in outlet, we used on-mall advertising, windows with updated creative and LED screens to drive traffic. We're very excited about the 25th anniversary campaign coming up this spring, leveraging some of the classic handbag styles for the brand and celebrating our history and heritage.
We also continued to further our learnings on the Kate Spade brand through our U.S. brand tracking survey fielded in December. Importantly, we saw the percentage of Kate Spade purchasers who are category drivers increase from the prior quarter. In addition, when compared to prior year, the percentage of women who believe carrying a Kate Spade handbag makes them feel put together increased among the broad premium market. 
Notably, Coach and Kate shared leadership among benchmark brands in this attribute. And among the broad premium market, we continued to see the Kate Spade brand resonate on the attributes of fashionable, feminine and fun. In fact, 85% of women believe Kate Spade handbags are fashionable and on trend, setting us up very well for the increased focus we shall be placing on core handbag innovation in the quarters ahead. 
Overall, we've already taken steps to position the brand, building a foundation for solid and sustainable growth. As we look ahead for Kate Spade for the balance of FY '18, we will continue to significantly curtail promotional impressions by reducing surprise sales and pulling back on wholesale disposition. It's important to note that in the case of flash, we are not only pulling back on the number of events but also significantly reducing the circulation, no longer using flash sales as broad, widely advertised recruitment vehicles. 
Under the creative direction of Nicola Glass, we will accelerate innovation in the core handbag and accessories categories, along with ready-to-wear and tech, leveraging the Tapestry platform, notably our supply chain and product development capabilities. We have begun to review the store fleet and leveraged opportunities to maximize the brand's global footprint. To this point, we opened 9 new stores in Q2 and closed 1. 
In addition to the winding down of Jack Spade, we continue to look for focus on our licensed portfolio while we put our energy and teams' efforts on the most significant women's opportunities: handbags, ready-to-wear, tech accessories and footwear both domestically and internationally. We are very pleased to the initial response to the joint launch of our first smartwatch with Fossil and look forward to increasing our pace of innovation with this key licensing partner. And we will tailor the brand's creative and playful marketing messages, ensuring that it resonates in all key global markets while remaining true to the brand's unique personality. We have begun to make progress against this initiative with the spring campaign launched just last week. 
Of course, we've also just announced taking operational control of the joint ventures for Greater China, which we believe is a huge opportunity for Kate and where we can leverage our regional brand-building capabilities. I continue to partner with a terrific Kate Spade team as interim CEO as we continue to look to both capture synergies and more importantly, drive global resonance and growth. We are especially excited to support the execution of Nicola's vision on the brand as we bring our strategies to life in global markets.
Turning to Stuart Weitzman. Sales rose 2%, driven by the global direct business, which in turn was fueled by distribution growth and global e-commerce. For perspective, we did expect second quarter results to be essentially even on a year-over-year basis given the extremely difficult compare with last year's 2Q. 
During the quarter, newer occasion categories performed well, including booties, weather and sneakers as well as our developing handbag offering. Most importantly, Giovanni Morelli's new creative direction is beginning to gain traction. His first collection of footwear and handbags featuring new brand codes and unique details was just presented at market and was very well received by wholesale partners in the editorial community. We were also excited to unveil the new Stuart Weitzman store concept at the brand's Rodeo Drive flagship this past month. 
We remain on track to drive double-digit growth for the year at Stuart Weitzman as we continue to evolve the brand identity across global markets. The Stuart Weitzman team remains focused on innovation and capturing new occasions and wardrobing opportunities in footwear while building credibility in the leather goods category. We are also looking at distribution opportunities globally, notably in select Asian markets where we want to capitalize on the rapidly growing demand for the brand. Key among these are China, where as I mentioned, we are in the process of buying back our Northern China business, which has been generating very strong results. 
Now I'll turn it over to our CFO, Kevin Wills, for details on our second quarter financial results and guidance for fiscal 2018. Kevin?

Sure. As we've noted, Bob, both last quarter and on this speakers' notes that we just provided, we're providing global sales and comps. And of course, we're committed to providing global category growth quarterly going forward. That said, to your question, with a couple of significant players that have yet to report, it does appear that the North American premium handbag and accessory market grew at a mid-single-digit rate, which is an acceleration from the low-single-digit rate that we saw in the September quarter. And we believe that, that was, of course, in part fueled by our own sequential improvement. And I'll let Josh chime in a little bit on that.

Sure. Very excited about our business development opportunities in that part of the world, Ike. As we mentioned in our speakers' notes, we're actually taking some actions across a couple of markets with 2 real key strategies there. First and foremost, is around the Chinese consumer. And that obviously relates most to what we're doing with Kate Spade. But also, we're very excited with the buyback of the Stuart Weitzman business for Northern China. In the case of the Kate Spade opportunity in that market, today, it's not dramatically different quite frankly from where Coach was when we purchased that business back in 2008. And so we're very excited by the experience, of course, across our teams and the ability to help that brand grow. Terrific opportunity for distribution, of course, across both Tier 1, 2 and 3 cities, very developed infrastructure, which we know well. Of course, with Coach having well north of 150 locations now in that market. We have terrific relationships with the trade and with distribution. And we're really focused now on putting in the right investments and talent, of course, and driving up awareness for the brand in that market, not only in the mainland but also in Hong Kong, Macau and in Taiwan. And then the second part of our strategy, not directly connected to your question, Ike, is what we're doing with the Australia-New Zealand buyback of Coach, which is really about leveraging a Tapestry multibrand model to allow us to successfully grow our brands in the smaller, medium-sized markets where each of them independently would not have the scale to be managed directly. So very excited about that opportunity and look forward to sharing more on that with you in the future as well.

We don't see much impact as we've discussed in the past, David, for this year obviously. We've discussed and shared the inventory that we inherited and we're working through that right across the second half. Of course, we are and have been working incredibly hard across our supply chain, both from a sourcing of materials perspective as well as from a labor perspective with all of our partners across the supply chain. And what we have shared with you, of course, is that when we think of the FY '19 run rate of $100 million to $115 million, approximately half of that should be COGS and Kate, of course, will benefit from that directly. So very excited about that. Just as importantly, we're really excited, of course, about the opportunity to grow top line. And that is a very significant work that the team is doing on maximizing the distribution for the brand, not only here in North America but globally, but also bringing in the talent that we have. Nicola Glass is going to be wonderful. She's done this at scale. She's very experienced. She really understands the brand well. I've been partnering with her now for almost a month, and I'm very excited with the rest of the team for the vision that she's creating for the Kate Spade brand, and that's next chapter.

Sure. I'll let Josh take that one.

On the broader supply chain question. Oli, we've been maybe one of the first, certainly, in our space to dedicate resources to trying to digitize the back end of the process. So one of the first investments we made was really on 3D technology to allow our design teams as well as our product development teams to work very closely with all of our vendors on the back end. And that is a process that continues. You'll be hearing a little bit more about some experimentation that we're going to be doing with the digitizing from front to back to increase speed and agility in our supply chain. In terms of the front end of the business, you've just heard this morning the recruitment that we have made of David Kang who has just joined us. He will be playing a dual role, first and foremost, leading e-commerce for our largest brands in partnership with Josh who has, as you all know, a great passion for all things digital and driving the strategies for Coach. At the same time, leveraging that platform, David will play a key role across all brands looking for opportunities for us to leverage innovation, along with our Data Labs team across our digital platforms. Some of the areas that we have been thinking about, and I think, Oli, you know that we have an incredible asset in our database. We've made a substantial investment over the last couple of years across all 3 brands in technology with a Hadoop database investment. We currently have over 120 million names in that database, and one of our key objectives is to leverage that data and recruiting the talent that allows us to obviously think about how we can, not only approach consumers more directly in a more customized manner, but also in terms of how we think about leveraging machine learning for the inventory management process internally. These are all areas that we're having discussions on and working on right now so a very exciting space indeed.

Sure. I'll let Josh chime in on Coach promotion and gross margin in a minute. But as you stated, Lindsay, in the case of Kate, we really have been very, very focused on leveraging a much cleaner approach across channels with a very important focus on reducing, of course, flash, not only in terms of number of events, but also a dramatic reduction in the actual circulation of our mailings as well as the work that we've done across the disposition channels. So across Kate, we've seen very nice improvements in our gross margin and excited by what the future holds there as we head into a better inventory position in terms of quality of inventory in the second half and beyond. And I'll let Josh touch on Coach.

Sure. I'll let Josh answer that.

I'll let Kevin in a minute talk about the SG&A timing shift. But in terms of Kate's long-term profitability, over the long term, Simeon, I don't see a reason why it could not be at Coach levels. Obviously today, with Kate Spade, we have a business that is more North America-centric. We have a business that's slightly heavier in ready-to-wear, which is really structurally I would say some of the biggest differences. But long term, as we think about a handbag- and accessories-focused strategy, obviously, global growth and a lot of the work that we're also doing across categories at Coach and Kate together, we could see things normalizing to a similar level of profitability. Kevin?

Sure. From a -- I'm going to let Josh jump in here in a moment. But as you suggest, we're in the very early days learning a tremendous amount, especially in terms of what is similar, what is different amongst our portfolio of brands. The largest of which you mentioned, being Stuart Weitzman, which is really a different business model, given that it's fully or mostly manufactured in Spain whereas Coach won't be. We've leveraged a lot of the fit technology, of course, across the Coach brand and are now getting into what we could call the second inning of that rollout as I mentioned in my speakers' notes. I'll let Josh jump in. He's working very closely with the teams on the future strategy there.

Yes. And for those of you who haven't yet had the opportunity and love the footwear category, and I know there's 1 or 2 of you out there, please do visit the Stuart Weitzman stores in the months ahead as Giovanni's collection hits because I think you'll find a lot of wonderful, emotional product.

Thank you, Andrea. As is and has been our custom, I just want to thank all of you and just as importantly, thank the 20,000 global employees who drive our performance and make what we've just announced possible. Our teams are all focused on great execution, bringing innovation to market and ensuring that consumers continue to engage with our great brands. And I certainly could not be more excited by the opportunity for our brands and for Tapestry as we continue to evolve as a house of desirable brands with very dedicated and talented global teams. Thank you.