Good morning. Thank you, Andrea, and welcome, everyone. As noted in our press release this morning, during the second quarter, our sales and gross profit rose, successfully anniversary-ing the strong holiday results of the prior year. That said, this performance fell short of our expectations in the face of an increasingly volatile macroeconomic and geopolitical backdrop. Importantly, and as expected, we generated significant synergies while also making material systems and strategic brand investments across our portfolio. Taken together, adjusted earnings per diluted share were even with the prior year. 
Across Tapestry, we made significant progress on our strategic pillars during Q2. Notably, maximizing the opportunity with the Chinese consumer globally. To this end, Coach held its first-ever runway show in Shanghai, which was incredibly well-received by the editorial community and generated more than 1.1 billion impressions. At Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, where we are focused on driving awareness in the region, we invested in key talent, infrastructure as well as marketing partnerships with Chinese brand ambassadors while expanding our reach through the opening of new stores. 
While we understand that there are some continuing concerns around Chinese luxury spending, we view China's heightened emphasis on driving domestic demand as entirely aligned with where we are making our investments across brands. Indeed, we believe further investment in domestic markets, with China the most important, is the best hedge against volatility that may at times occur in tourist's spending. Further, we were very pleased by the relative out-performance of all of our brands' China businesses this quarter.
Our teams across Tapestry remain focused on executing our 4 strategic priorities. First, continuing to harness the power of our multi-brand model. Our synergy capture was evidenced in part in the significant gross margin expansion we achieved in Kate Spade's second quarter results. To that end, we remain on track to achieve run-rate synergies from both COGS and SG&A of approximately $100 million to $115 million in fiscal 2019, up from $45 million in fiscal year '18. We've also continued to make progress on building a scalable shared services model, including investments in systems and infrastructure to support our current and future growth opportunities.
During the quarter, we deployed the first phase of our ERP implementation, SAP's S/4HANA, successfully migrating our global finance functions for Tapestry, Coach and Stuart Weitzman. And just yesterday, we successfully transitioned Kate Spade to the S/4HANA ERP system as well. Now that our S/4 implementation is well-advanced, and with our experience operating as a multi-brand holding company, we've identified additional opportunities to further streamline our organizational structure. We expect these incremental efficiencies, along with the return on our brand investments, to support our goal of double-digit operating income growth in fiscal year '20.
Second, fueling innovation. Across all of our brands, we are focused on delivering distinctive newness and compelling product across categories and channels, supported by bold marketing campaigns and unique collaborations. We understand that innovation is what drives velocity of purchase in our key categories. And having a nimble, flexible supply chain, which we leverage across brands, enables us to deliver a higher level of innovation with increased frequency. Our commitment to innovation is clearly evident across our brands in our just-introduced spring collections as well as the impactful marketing campaigns launched to support them.
Third, driving global growth. We continue to integrate the recently completed buybacks of the Kate Spade operations in Singapore, Malaysia, and Australia, as well as the Stuart Weitzman business in Southern China in the second quarter.  We also invested in key talent and infrastructure in these markets to support business development across our portfolio.  These initiatives will allow us to accelerate international growth and drive brand awareness.  During the second quarter we added 40 net new stores across brands, including the acquired businesses. These new locations were primarily focused in international markets and took our directly operated total store count to 1,496. Our business is now more direct than ever, allowing for a consistently high level of execution in our delivery of our brand experiences. In fact, we had over 170 million visits to our stores and sites in the second quarter alone. 
And fourth, advancing our digital and data analytics capabilities. Across all brands, we are continuing to drive superior results for our online channels and remain committed to delivering a seamless online/offline experience. Our Data Labs team is focused on further strengthening and integrating our customer database platform and supporting customer relationship management programs in each of our brands, advancing data tools to drive aggregated business insights across the organization, and innovating with advanced analytics to optimize key processes. For example, using machine learning on product allocation, pricing or promotion planning. The team is making substantial progress on these goals and helping us become even more data-driven and predictive, building on the solid foundation we have created. Some of the key launches of this past quarter include: a Tapestry real estate tool that allows our teams to analyze store density and identify whitespace in any geographic location as well as measure cross-channel migration of our customers; a Tapestry product portfolio tool that allows our brand management, merchandising and marketing teams to measure the performance of all our products across channels and regions against target priority segments, driving deep insights, which can inform future product launches.
Moving forward, in light of our recent results and the uncertain global environment, we are revising our outlook for the balance of the fiscal year, which Kevin will touch on shortly. And while we were not satisfied with our second quarter performance, we are proud of the continued progress on our key strategic priorities and confident that the investments we're making in our brands and our Tapestry platform will drive a return to double-digit operating income and earnings per diluted share growth in fiscal 2020.
Now returning to the second quarter results, and starting with category trends. During the second quarter, we estimate that the men's and women's premium handbag and accessories market, which is now over $45 billion, grew at a high single-digit rate globally on an organic basis, a slight deceleration from the September quarter. In U.S. dollars, the growth rate was mid- to high single digits, given the appreciation of the dollar. We also wanted to share some highlights of our U.S. brand tracking survey fielded in November and December. Among the broad premium market and looking at emotional attributes, Coach is a leading brand in making women feel confident, original and smart, while Kate Spade leads in making them feel feminine, beautiful and fun. It is important to note that we saw gains in the brand affinities of both Coach and Kate. Specifically, among the broad premium market, the percentage of women who agree that Coach and Kate Spade are their most-loved handbag brands and are brands that they would confidently recommend increased versus a year ago.
Looking at specific brand performance, and starting with Coach. Global comparable store sales rose 1% in Q2, led by out-performance in our international channels and across our e-commerce platforms, and reflected our compelling offering across categories. We were especially excited by the brand's increased traction with Chinese consumers globally, driven by domestic demand, partially offset by a decline in tourist's spend. Further, we drove an increase in operating income through both gross margin expansion as well as SG&A leverage. Our goal for holiday across all channels was to continue to elevate and differentiate the brand by offering innovation and emotion through our product assortment, marketing and the in-store experience, with a special focus on gifting for the season. There were many highlights of the quarter, in keeping with our brand priorities. In retail, we've successfully cascaded leather goods innovation from our fashion shows and global marketing campaigns with Parker, Charlie and Dreamer families, all of which remain strong drivers of the business in the first holiday season. We've continued to animate these families with new materials and shapes during the quarter.
Likewise, we also reinforced Signature as a coveted brand icon by having the most significant presentation at retail in many years. In addition to the iconic tan coated canvas, we also introduced a metallic Signature platform for a festive holiday take on Logo and a new elevated jacquard print. As expected, our customers were excited to have Signature back in a meaningful way in their retail assortment.
Most broadly during holiday, we transformed our stores into a festive gifting destination, featuring our whimsical party animals and emotional gifts across all price points. We also continued our momentum in women's ready-to-wear, with strength in shearling outerwear globally, and particularly in China.
In outlet, during the quarter, we increased the level and frequency of newness and novelty in the channel. We had multiple introductions in The Edit, which represents the pinnacle of our outlet assortment. The bestsellers included the new Cassidy Crossbody, the perfect day-to-evening bag, which was featured in many novelty iterations, as well as the Abby Duffle and L Hobo, 2 shoulder bags in rich pebbled leather. The Edit continues to achieve higher AURs globally. In addition, we've pulsed multiple gifting messages during the season, including a strong component of festive glitter and metallic bags and small leather goods. We also had a disruptive Wizard of Oz collaboration, bringing the excitement of this holiday classic to a full lifestyle collection, including bags, small leather goods, ready-to-wear and soft accessories.
Overall, Signature product continues to drive sales, and our customer is responding to innovation within this assortment. We had multiple iterations of Signature newness throughout the quarter, including an exclusive Black Friday capsule, juxtaposing Signature against animal prints. In Q2, Logo penetration rose over the prior year. And consistent with our strategy to drive growth outside of our core women's bags and small leather goods categories, men's continued to comp across channels and geographies, driven by lifestyle, notably outerwear and footwear, as well as small leather goods. In outerwear, shearling styles drove more than half of Q2 ready-to-wear sales. The November launch of the new Rivington family in bags also proved a great success. This family continues to be a focus as we move into spring and beyond.
We were very pleased with the performance of our women's and men's footwear assortment globally. In retail, our strong growth was led by our sport and casual offerings, notably women's boots and booties, as well as on-trend sneakers across genders. In Q2, strong performance in the C143 sneaker continued across both women's and men's, with an expanded offering coming for spring. In outlet, we were excited by the traction we experienced in women's boots and booties and men's sneakers. Our Signature platform continued to perform well in both our women's and men's offering and across channels.
In addition, we have made significant progress in driving our licensed categories, both in stores and in the broader market. Coach fragrance has gained momentum, moving up from the 27 rank to #16 within the prestige fragrance division of the U.S. Department and Specialty Store Market based on dollar sales according to The NPD Group's point-of-sale data in the 12 months ending December 12, 2018. Further, last month, we announced the global multi-year licensing agreement with Incipio Group to launch mobile device accessories. A comprehensive range of Coach mobile accessories will release on coach.com and Coach stores worldwide beginning in the fall of 2019, and will be a key part of our holiday programs. We were also delighted with the growth we drove in e-commerce, with particular strength in our full-price retail dotcom business globally. Of note, Q2 '19 was our best dotcom holiday performance ever in North America. During the quarter, we also rolled out our new homepage design, which has seen terrific engagement results, as well as enhanced personalization functionality through our product recommendations, which is driving strong conversion results.
On stores, our customization program, Coach Create, continued to drive sales in Q2 as we accelerated our offering of customization options, now including footwear and outerwear in addition to leather goods. Customization was offered in 12 countries and 110 stores during holiday, supported by over 200 on-site craftspeople. And by fiscal year-end, this service will be expanded to over 150 stores. Around 300 additional stores are serviced remotely. With a millennial focus on personalization and authenticity, it is not surprising that this program is helping to engage and recruit the younger consumer.
On marketing, our fun and festive 360-degree holiday campaign, featuring whimsical holiday party animals and key product families, resonated well and drove brand buzz. We continued to drive digital engagement with Selena Gomez's video content to launch holiday. And we augmented the use of global imagery with local ambassadors with Guan Xiaotong in China and Kiko Mizuhara in Japan. As mentioned, the highlight of the quarter was our first-ever Shanghai runway show, our first dual-gender show outside of New York, which was live-streamed and drew significant and positive global attention, both editorially and in media coverage overall. We will continue to leverage the halo from the show during the next few quarters, culminating with the in-store launch of the Shanghai collective, a series of collaborations with Chinese artists that was an integral part of the show.
More recently, we've launched our partnership with Michael B. Jordan as the first global face of Coach men's and held our first event with our philanthropic partner for the Coach Foundation, The Future Project. To celebrate the launch, Michael surprised students at Barringer High School in his hometown of Newark, New Jersey, generating national TV coverage and driving very positive engagement across social media platforms.
Now to get into a bit of comp detail on the quarter. The drivers of our overall second quarter performance were fairly consistent with our previous trends, with global comparable store sales in bricks and mortar driven primarily by conversion, reflecting our strong product offering. As noted, we saw continued strength in our e-commerce business globally. During the quarter, our global Coach comp remained solid, rising 1%, accelerating on a 2-year stack basis, led by our international markets. Greater China comps rose and accelerated from Q1. And importantly, our business with the Chinese consumer increased globally. Japan comp was very strong, while our other Asia businesses were also positive, with Korea the only exception. Finally, Europe comp returned to positive territory. North America also accelerated on a 2-year stack basis, but comped slightly negatively, reflecting a difficult compare given last year's very strong holiday quarter performance.
We understand that there's been a lot of focus on tourist flows as well as concerns related to Daegu or reseller activity. What we saw over the quarter was the anticipated and continued headwind from the tourist spending in North America. In addition, notably in outlet, we experienced volatility in the spending patterns of some of our customers believed to be resellers in advance of changes in e-commerce laws on the mainland effective January 1. We know this type of activity is prevalent globally for luxury brands, which sell at premiums outside of their home markets. Ultimately, we believe this curtailment of reseller activity will have a long-term benefit to our brand and our business. Importantly, at the same time, we've seen an acceleration in local customer demand in both the U.S. and Mainland China.
Moving to wholesale. As expected, our North America shipments were slightly below prior year during the quarter due to shipment timing with the first quarter as well as the closure of certain department store accounts. On a POS basis, we comped up in the quarter despite the lower level of promotional event days. Our international wholesale revenue rose versus the prior year in Q2, excluding Coach Australia and New Zealand, as that business has transitioned to a directly operated retail model. This reflected some shipment timing shift with third quarter. At POS, sales were modestly below prior year on the same basis.
Overall, we are satisfied with Coach's performance in the quarter in light of the tough compare, volatile tourist trends, notably in North America. Moving forward, we remain focused on: first, delivering a heightened level of newness throughout the pyramid of fashion, price and occasion across channels and geographies; continuing to build on our established and authentic Signature platform; driving growth beyond our core bags and accessories; utilizing technology and digital to enhance and modernize the customer experience, notably through customization; and lastly, amplifying our marketing message that balances unexpected brand impact and broad appeal.
In summary, we are excited about the spring season and remain confident in the brand's opportunities for growth go-forward.
Moving to Kate Spade, we made continued progress on our integration efforts and the execution of strategic initiatives. That said, our sales fell short of our expectations with second quarter revenue totaling $428 million, down 1% versus prior year. Top line results were driven by new stores and the consolidation of Kate Spade China, offset by the deliberate pullback in disposition and the decline in comparable store sales, which fell 11%, with our online business outperforming bricks-and-mortar stores. This comp softness reflected the lack of distinctive newness in the final season from the brand's previous design team. Given the lack of newness for holiday and our excitement about the new creative direction, we made a deliberate decision to shift marketing dollars from both Q2 and Q4 into the current quarter in support of the launch of Nicola Glass's new collection. In fact, her spring collection was introduced in our full-priced channels just last week. And while early days, initial reads have been strong. In handbags, the Nicola group, featuring the Spade twist-lock hardware and new brand code, is resonating globally. And Margot, defined by its curved feminine silhouette and crafted from refined grain leather, is also performing very well. Perhaps most exciting is the response to her ready-to-wear designs, notably online and across classifications. We believe this indicates that we're taking the existing customer on the journey with us. Overall, this performance underscores our confidence in achieving a significant inflection in the business with a return to positive comps.
At Kate Spade, we've continued to focus on our 5 strategic pillars. First, global expansion. We added 31 net new locations in Q2, including 15 acquired in Singapore and Malaysia, and are on track to add 60 to 70 stores globally, including distributor buybacks. To date, our new doors are meeting or exceeding our expectations at high levels of productivity. 
Second, branding. We evolved our messaging to play to the brands core attributes of fashionable and feminine while addressing fun in a more universal way. In support of Nicola's debut collection, we cast actress Julia Garner, Sadie Sink and Kiki Layne to star in our new Kate Spade New York campaigns for 2019. The 3 new faces personify the brand's promise of optimistic femininity. The campaign was shot by famed photographer and longtime brand collaborator, Tim Walker, and has just launched globally to very positive reviews and engagement.
Third, as we've discussed, we're introducing exceptional and aspirational products, upgrading quality through elevated materials and construction while maintaining price, providing excellent value to our customers. And we've begun to create compelling and covetable brand icons and codes, such as the Spade turn-lock, to make our product both instantly recognizable and more distinctive. 
Fourth, we're creating immersive channel experiences and have started to roll out new retail and outlet concepts. In fact, of all the openings thus far in fiscal year '19, all have reflected the new color palette, enhanced visual merchandising elements and merchandising by category of our evolved store model. In addition, we've made some light-touch renovations in key existing full-price locations, approximately 50 in total as of the end of January, with the goal of touching approximately 90 locations globally by the end of this quarter. These front-room wraps leverage the brand's new iconography in our specialty stores to appropriately showcase the new product in a cost-effective yet brand-enhancing manner.
And fifth, we are leveraging the Tapestry platform and capturing synergies for Kate Spade through COGS and indirect savings as we optimize our supply chain, notably for bags and small leather goods, from raw materials buying and manufacturing through transportation and logistics. The Kate Spade team is also tapping into Tapestry's resources and expertise, such as global business development and store construction, to accelerate growth and improve profitability over time. 
As we look ahead for Kate Spade, we continue to expect that it will be a year of solid revenue growth, driven by new distribution, acquisitions and consolidations of distributor businesses and a return to positive comps during the second half, and notably in the fourth quarter, when all specialty product will evolve to new designs. And while we remain confident that Nicola's product will drive an inflection in the business, we have now built in a slightly more muted top line assumption for the balance of the year given the weaker-than-expected performance of the carryover products, which we'll be transferring to outlet. Importantly, as previously noted, over our 3-year planning horizon, we continue to believe that Kate Spade can approach $2 billion in sales at significantly higher operating margins.
Turning to Stuart Weitzman. We were pleased to meet our objective of returning the brand to top line growth in the holiday quarter. This reflects the progress the SW team has made in executing our FY '19 strategic priorities. First, we continued to evolve and refine our product development processes and supply chain, addressing the challenges that arose last spring. Importantly, production levels and shipments have stabilized, reflecting the investment in talent and processes as well as the added manufacturing capacity. Of course, we recognize that there is still work ahead to optimize our production and delivery schedules, especially for the global wholesale market, to allow us to capture the in-season replenishment orders. With the roll-out of our world-class Tapestry IS platform in the months ahead, the team is excited by the prospects of capturing this opportunity.
Second, we're expanding our footwear offering in new classifications while maintaining our authority in iconic Stuart Weitzman styles. During the quarter, we experienced growth in booties, loafers, sneakers and pumps, where we had notable product newness.
Third, we are expanding globally with the focus on the Chinese consumer. We are encouraged by the brand's performance in China, where we've acquired our business from our distributor partner and are focused on driving awareness and increasing market share. This spring, we're particularly excited to launch a capsule collection in collaboration with Yang Mi, a leading celebrity and influencer in China. In fact, her first post for the brand on her own feed drove 48 million views and was reposted 700,000 times in the week after launch. In addition, in January, prior to Lunar New Year, we opened an additional 7 locations on the mainland in our new, modern and elegant store concept.
Fourth, we're driving growth beyond footwear, gaining credibility in handbags and leather goods. This quarter, we introduced the brand's new spring collection of handbags, which generated exceptional growth. We continue to see significant opportunity to grow the brand's handbag offering given the complementary nature of the footwear and bag categories.
And fifth, we are creating brand desire through bold and modern marketing. We're thrilled to have just launched our new marketing campaign, introducing Kendall Jenner, Yang Mi, Willow Smith and Jean Campbell as the season's diverse cast of #SWwomen. This campaign, with its global relevance, highlights the brand's core attributes and values of fusing fashion, function and fit.
In summary, we've made significant progress in addressing the challenges in our supply chain, while at the same time, evolving the brand's creative direction through product and marketing. Overall, we would expect improvement in the second half versus the prior year, with the third quarter still pressured by investments and the fourth quarter approaching breakeven levels of profitability on strong sales growth. We remain excited about the opportunities for the brand across geographies, classifications and categories and are confident in our long-term vision.
Before handing the call over to Kevin for details on our financial results and guidance for fiscal 2019, I would like to touch on our CFO transition. As we announced in November, tomorrow will be Kevin's last day with Tapestry. He has been a key member of our leadership team, and I speak for the entire organization in wishing him success as he embarks on his next chapter in Tennessee. Until a new CFO is named, I'm extremely excited to share that Andrea Resnick will serve as our Interim CFO. All of you know Andrea, and her exceptional knowledge of the business and leadership will ensure that we do not miss a beat. Importantly, our strategic priorities remain unchanged, with our experienced and proven teams across Tapestry focused on their execution. With that, I will turn it over to Kevin for the financial review of the quarter and our outlook. Kevin?

Sure. Thanks, Bob. First, I think, to your first question in terms of guidance for FY '20, there are 2 important themes as we target mid-single-digit top line growth with the double-digit operating income and EPS growth. The first theme is lapping key investments that we've made, and the second theme is traction from the brand investments that we've made, specifically around Stuart Weitzman, and of course, Kate. So more specifically, as we enter Q4 of this fiscal year, we will have lapped all of the strategic brand investments, especially in Asia, where we bought back, as all of you are aware, distribution for Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman. And by the end of Q3, that will mostly be behind us. And I can share with you all that I've spent some time with those teams on the ground in December and we have really talented and very focused teams there and we're getting...
[Audio Gap]
[Technical Difficulty]

Hello, operator. Can you hear us?

Okay, great, thank you. Sorry about that everyone. We lost one of our mics there for some reason. I'm just going to start at the beginning, Bob, with your question because I'm not sure when we lost the line and that first mic. But as I was suggesting, 2 very important themes. One is lapping the key investments that we've made, and 2 is the traction that we are getting from the key brand investments that we're making, specifically around Stuart and Kate. And more specifically, around those 2 themes, as we enter the fourth quarter, we will have comped all of the investments in the distribution buybacks in Asia, especially in the key China market for both Stuart Weitzman and Kate Spade. And as I was sharing, I'm not sure if you guys heard it during the call, but I just visited those teams in December, and can share my excitement not only by the strength of the talent that we have on the ground and the investments that we've made in structure, but the performance that they are already driving for us, which, of course, we start comping from the fourth quarter. Also, as you heard in our speaker's notes, we're really pleased with the successful implementation of the SAP S/4 HANA platform. We were the first and are the first company globally to be on this new version of SAP. It started with the implementation in finance for Tapestry, Coach and Stuart Weitzman early last quarter. And just this week, in fact, we're in day 2, we have implemented the entire foundation of this platform in Kate Spade, including supply chain, logistics and the systems. And cost savings that we expect from that in system efficiencies have given us the confidence, along with the continued experience that we have in operating as a multibrand model, to look for more efficiencies in the organization, which we discussed as well and Kevin touched upon, as we move forward. As a result, I would say Q4, we will be closer to the growth rate that we actually expect in FY '20, having comped both the strategic investments and benefiting from the brand's inflections that we expect in Stuart Weitzman as we comp last year's issues that we experienced, and we saw some of that already in the last quarter, as well as Kate Spade. What I can share with you in regards to Kate Spade, obviously, we normally don't talk about comp within the quarter and I won't talk holistically, but I can definitely share with you that in Kate Spade, we're really pleased with the launch. We're entering the second week here, and we have seen a definite inflection. By the end of the third quarter, we will have 50% of the products in the full-price channel will be complete newness. And by the end of the fourth quarter, 100% of the product will be complete newness. And that's what we really experienced here in Kate Spade was a lack of newness. The teams are focused on driving just that, and driving innovation. We made a decision, as you've heard in the speakers notes, to shift investment, both from the second quarter as well as from the fourth quarter, towards this launch. Hopefully, some of you have followed the launch, whether it be on social media, and looked at the very positive engagement that we're seeing, overwhelmingly positive. Encourage you to go, whether it be Facebook, whether it be Instagram, and see the reaction that we're getting. And there's a few things that I would share. So far, I can certainly highlight, first and foremost, handbags, incredibly well-received. Especially pleased by the fact that the iconography has been especially pleased. We have discussed over and over the need for platforms that can drive sustainable long-term growth. And the new branding on Kate Spade is exactly that. And we're seeing the consumer react to that very, very positively. We're seeing that across ready-to-wear. We're seeing that across handbag. We're seeing that across jewelry as well, which excites us. Secondly, ready-to-wear. Ready-to-wear is a very important part of the Kate Spade business, much more so than our other businesses. And in the case of the new launch, we're really excited that that's resonating well. And that is the most important point that we can make in terms of taking the current consumer along with us on the Kate Spade journey under Nicola's direction. And so that as well excites me. And what we saw in the second quarter and actually beginning from September is that the product and the lack of newness, especially in our full-price channels and our full price -- meaning full-price brick-and-mortar and full-price dotcom. And that's what really led to the drop in comp. And where the newness is coming in, it's truly global and truly a reflection of the product. So hope that gives you some color, Bob, and to the others on the call as well.

Kevin?

And I would just add -- I would just add something. Look, obviously, with the lack of performance of the product that was in stores, we could have easily been much more promotional, gotten rid of that inventory. We've made a very clear decision not to be more aggressive in the full-price channel, not only to create, of course, an overhang with consumers as we launch new products, but more specifically, because we have tremendous confidence in the new products coming in. And we have a lot of confidence that, that product can and will work effectively well in the outlet channel as we enter this quarter and beyond. And relative to the total business, we think that impact will be minimal.

I'll ask Josh to first talk a little bit about Coach specifically, and the life cycle, and then I'll touch on Kate.

And David, relative to Kate and the evolution of that brand and its impact on the real estate, I think we are all aware of the key investments, of course, that we talked about over the past year. First and foremost, reducing both the flash sales model as well as the urban disposition channels to the tune of $100 million, which is a key investment that we should think about in terms of long-term brand health. Secondly, in terms of the business [  growth ] and other channels go-forward, Kate's footprint is much tighter, I think, [ very ] -- relatively clean. We are incredibly pleased with the new store format that we launched and the performance that we're seeing there. So we're being very thoughtful about how we leverage that go-forward. And a tremendous amount of attention right now in terms of the new door growth is on, of course, Asia, with a specific focus on China, where we are seeing very solid performance. Again, couldn't be happier with that team and the work that they are doing. And we start comping that business, of course, in the months ahead.

Sure. Great questions. Overall, we have not seen a change in theme, Erinn, from the last few quarters. I would say that globally, this past quarter, most of the growth is coming -- or outsized growth coming especially from Asia. China domestically being and continuing to lead. And I would say that a lot of the growth is coming from a couple of the traditional European brands that are driving outsized dollar performance. With the U.S. this past quarter having grown closer to a low single to mid-single-digit rate relative to the high single-digit rate that we saw globally, with a slight deceleration from the September quarter. In terms of what drives this, at the end of the day, Erinn, it's the same themes we've discussed. It has a lot to do, obviously, with the brands' connection and emotion, innovation, and consumers and driving desirability with consumers. Everything that we've been doing for the past several years. Obviously, we're in a very different situation, with very different distribution than the traditional European luxury brands, but have been focused just on that. We have work still ahead of us but continue to be incredibly satisfied with the progress made. And of course, never fully satisfied with the realization that it never ends and there's a lot ahead of us. And I'm really excited by what Josh and the team have planned for the next 12 months in terms of both product and marketing. And of course, couldn't be happier with the work that Nicola and Anna are doing on Kate. Again, I highly encourage you guys to go and experience that over this quarter and next as everything rolls out. And of course, Eraldo and the team at Stuart Weitzman, when you think about the progress in just 12 months, getting back first to deliveries and then kicking off this quarter with a really innovative marketing campaign. I encourage you guys to stay tuned for that one because there's more coming. And the Yang Mi collaboration for China, very exciting there. That's getting, again, tremendous buzz. So very excited by the brand work being done and us getting a return on those investments.

Sure. Let me start first with Kate. It's not a tremendous shift, Oliver. So this was not about a price repositioning by any means. There were 2 very important themes here: newness in terms of really innovative and, I would say, emotional products for the consumer; creation of brand-recognizable platforms that allow us to then bring those across different categories and create sustainable long-term growth platforms. And branding is absolutely vital to that, and we are on our way [ in nothing but ] 2 weeks, of course. But I think we all go online and we see the reaction and you see how consumers are responding to the same Logo and how we're beginning to play with that in print and hardware and in other branding applications. Could not be happier by that. And very pleased that the consumer is seeing the Kate Spade emotional attributes, and I talked about that on our speaker's notes as remaining consistent. And, of course, we'll test those every 6 months go-forward. But very excited about the initial results there. So really no mix, I would say. The key drivers for us have been, of course, the synergies that we've been able to drive. So the theme and the strategy has been very consistent. New products, more emotional products, greater perception of value at greater perceived quality, at similar price points and mix to where we had been in the past. I'll let Josh touch a little bit on our Coach merchandise, or gross margin in terms of any impact from tourists. Josh?

I would say, first and foremost, on the resellers and the Daegu market, we all know, of course, that this is something that exists across all brands relative to the price difference with their home markets. I've been experiencing this since I entered the luxury business in 1994 in Japan. So nothing -- absolutely nothing new. It is driven by economics, driven by arbitrage and very, very difficult to control. Most brands, ourselves included, have limits in place to try to manage this thing. But quite often, there are indeed organized groups who come in and buy in very small quantities one at a time and are leveraging, of course, the arbitrage in pricing. The key for us is that given the change -- and for us, for the entire industry, the change -- and we don't know how well it's going to be enforced, but given the changes in law in China, specifically, the Chinese government is trying, of course, to drive domestic consumption. They've made a few changes, the most important change of which is requiring all of these Daegu to register as businesses domestically as well as in the country where they're purchasing products. That is leading to a lot of changes from what we're learning. We're still very much in learning stages here, to some extent. But overall, what we've seen is that the law will now make the digital platforms liable for this, which is driving some change in the [ flows ], whether it's movements from some digital platforms in China to the more social platforms where they sell or, in some cases, some individuals getting out of the business completely. And for us, the key there is, first and foremost, long term, we think it's absolutely amazing. Obviously, it will help our brand as the Chinese government looks to protect our IP. And they've been great partners overall over the years to us when we've looked to protect our IP, specifically as it relates to, of course, online and fake product. And secondly, of course, for us the key has been to leverage the investments that we're making in Mainland China. We've talked about that, I think, throughout the whole morning, and of course, for the past year, whether the investments we've made in Coach and continue to make, including the significant fashion show, as well as buying back our businesses at Kate and Stuart Weitzman. We're very committed to it. We think that's long-term path. We don't see a change as a result of any of that to our North American outlet footprint. Where these folks are active happen to be the most important markets where we're in, and so we don't see any impact at all to the real estate footprint.

Yes. In terms of the watch business, as you suggested, it's very small. We are, I think, really pleased with the work both Movado and Fossil are doing in trying to bring new technology into it. It has never been significant for us in our own stores and remains a pretty small business. On the license front, what we're now really excited by, from a bigger-presence perspective and category, of course, are sun wear, both in our stores and globally with Luxottica, as well as, of course, our fragrance businesses. And of course, we have [ Sofio ] for Kate in sun wear. But really pleased with the fragrance business and the work that Interparfums is doing there for the Coach brands. In terms of new licenses, I think we did touch on the fact that we've signed with Incipio. We're really pleased with the work they've done for Kate and we know that they're going to be a great partner for the Coach brand overall.

Thank you, Andrea. Thank you, everyone. Let me first thank Kevin, again, for all of his wonderful work over the past almost 2 years with us as we laid down the foundation for Tapestry. And I want to thank him and congratulate Andrea as she steps in to this interim role, and we have a tremendous amount of confidence in her, and of course, the team supporting us. Thank you all for joining us. And as is our custom, I want to thank the 20,000-strong Tapestry team members across the world for the wonderful job that they're doing and all of the hard work that they're putting in. While it continues to be early days in our multibrand journey,  I could not be prouder of the solid foundation that they continue to lay and the hard work they are putting in. Thank you.