Good morning. Thank you, Christina, and welcome, everyone. It's a pleasure to be with you today and a distinct honor to be leading this great company at such an important time in our history. I'm incredibly proud of the momentum our teams are driving across the organization. I'm confident that together, we can both create and capture significant opportunities ahead.  
Now, turning to our results. As you read in our press release, our first quarter well exceeded our expectations across brands, demonstrating the bold actions we're taking as part of our acceleration program. We drove a meaningful sequential improvement in top line trends, supported by strength in digital and China. We successfully raised AUR by offering customers compelling, high-quality products that delivered exceptional value. This resulted in reduced promotional activity and significant gross margin expansion for the quarter. At the same time, we continue to tightly control costs. Taken together, despite the challenging backdrop, we achieved significant increases in operating income and EPS on a year-over-year basis.  
Importantly, we also generated strong positive free cash flow and ended the quarter with $1.5 billion in cash and equivalents and a clean inventory position heading into the holiday season. This performance underscores the power of our brands with leadership in the attractive premium handbags, accessories and footwear categories. It also reinforces the competitive advantages of Tapestry's enabling platform, including, first and foremost, our talented teams around the world who have shown tremendous agility and passion in delivering a great experience for our customers. 
Second, our consumer insights resources across brands and regions, providing the tools and deep consumer knowledge to unlock value. Third, our diversified supply chain and scalable global operations, which has proven invaluable, especially during these volatile times. And fourth, our technology infrastructure and robust digital capabilities accessible across the globe.  
In addition, leveraging these strengths, we've made meaningful progress on our acceleration program. which is defined by sharpening our focus on the consumer, leveraging data, leading with digital and transforming into a leaner and more responsive organization.  
Some key highlights of the quarter include, first, we continue to drive triple-digit growth on our digital channels, leaning into our global capabilities to offer immersive customer experiences. In the quarter, e-commerce represented nearly 25% of total revenue as compared to a high single-digit percent last year. These outside gains were led by the recruitment of nearly 800,000 new customers across brands in North America. Importantly, we are successfully driving repeat purchases among these customers at a higher frequency and we're capturing a growing number of millennial and Gen Z customers online. 
Further, the growth in online sales is driving profit growth as well as our digital businesses carry higher operating margins than their respective bricks-and-mortar channels. We believe that the consumer shift to online is a trend that's here to stay, and we're excited by the traction we're seeing in this area of the business.  
Second, we also delivered significant growth in China in the quarter through innovative product assortments, enhanced marketing and expanded reach across direct channels and third-party online distribution. In fact, Coach is now the #1 ranked handbag brand on Tmall, just 1 year after our soft opening on the platform. Our digital business in China, while growing rapidly, is still quite nascent, underscoring the enormous runway we have, particularly as Chinese consumers are highly digitally engaged.  
Third, as we've shared, we're committed to building industry-leading data and analytics capabilities to drive decision-making. In the quarter, we leveraged data and analytics to optimize our marketing messaging, assortment planning and promotional levels to support higher AUR. The successful outcome of these initiatives, together with our innovative product offering and inventory management, is evident in our strong gross margin expansion in the quarter.  
Fourth, we made further progress in creating an agile and scalable operating model. We're streamlining our organization's structure and empowering our teams. As part of this work, we reduced our global corporate headcount costs by 20% on a run rate basis. As a result, we are emerging as a more agile organization that will drive faster decision-making. In the near term, this better aligns our cost base with the current demand environment. And over the long term, it supports operating leverage and profitable growth.  
We are also driving efficiencies through the optimization of our global fleet. Our focus is to improve profitability across our store network while delivering a consistent brand experience for our increasingly omnichannel consumer. Overall, through our acceleration program, we are better meeting the needs of our customers while creating a strong foundation for profitable expansion.  
Now I'd like to touch on some of the overarching strategies for the holiday season and actions underway across Tapestry to navigate the dynamic backdrop. We will continue to focus on the factors within our control with an eye towards best-in-class execution. We're putting the consumer first with each of our brands delivering newness throughout the quarter. We will provide our customers with seamless shopping experiences by offering curbside pickup and contactless payment options and the opportunity to make virtual appointments. We are also testing new technology to offer virtual queues in select North America outlet stores, allowing guests to bypass lines and instead receive an alert text when it is their time to enter the store.  
Importantly, given social distancing requirements and related capacity constraints, we're implementing strategies to elongate the holiday shopping period, pulling forward demand ahead of the peak Thanksgiving week by offering customers the opportunity to start their holiday shopping earlier in the season.  
We'll also continue to lean into digital with e-commerce sales expected to represent nearly half of holiday sales in North America this year. And we will remain disciplined in our management of promotions, inventory and costs. Overall, we have a comprehensive plan with the opportunity to leverage our scale, expertise in retail operations and best practices across brands to deliver exceptional customer experiences during this important and unprecedented holiday season.  
Turning to specific results and strategies by brand, starting with Coach, which delivered an impressive quarter. Revenue surpassed our expectations with sales down only 9% versus prior year, reflecting a significant sequential improvement. We also continued to expand gross margin while leveraging SG&A, generating a 710 basis point increase in operating margin. 
There were many highlights from the first quarter. In keeping with our strategic priorities, we delivered compelling product, innovating across styles, silhouettes and price points. In retail, we continued to fuel Signature and proprietary brand codes through a variety of new iterations, while evolving our top families such as Tabby and Hutton. In September, we launched our Coach by Jean-Michel Basquiat collection, which outperformed globally across categories. 
In outlet, we offered newness that balanced fashion and function, including the Town bucket shoulder bag, the Serena satchel and the Mollie tote. Importantly, we continued to be disciplined in our approach to promotions. Consistent with our strategy, we're shifting the customer's focus to the value, attributes and quality of Coach's product. In fact, our global handbag AUR again rose over 25%, including over 20% growth in North America.  
In the digital channel, we again realized triple-digit revenue growth as we expanded our capabilities and services to drive sales and engagement. We recruited over 500,000 new customers through our North America e-commerce channels, representing a significant increase compared to last year.  
Turning to China, our growth was fueled by a nearly 40% increase on the Mainland. In addition, we recaptured tourist demand through the China Duty Free channel as consumers increasingly shift to domestic travel.  
For holiday, more broadly, we're sharpening our product strategy, delivering innovative and emotionally compelling product to excite the consumer. Across channels, we will focus on gifting options throughout the extended holiday season. In retail, as previously announced, we partnered with our global ambassador, Jennifer Lopez, on a COACH X JLO designed Hutton bag, which was introduced globally this month. In outlet, our recently launched Marvel collaboration is driving strong customer engagement. At the same time, we will offer exceptional value to our customers while continuing to reduce promotional activity. One of the key elements of this strategy is the planned SKU reduction, which is key to driving greater productivity and clearer brand messaging to the consumer. We expect these actions to support gross margin expansion in the second quarter.  
Touching on marketing, you will see messaging that is inviting and inclusive. In our holiday campaigns, we are highlighting our global brand ambassadors, including Jennifer Lopez, Michael B. Jordan, Kiko Mizuhara, Yan Zi and Jeremy Lin. The campaign celebrates stories of togetherness, relationships that endure and the power of modern families, those that we are born into and those we choose over time.  
In summary, we are delighted with the brand's performance in the first quarter and remain confident in Coach's ability to capture market share and drive long-term growth.  
Now moving to Kate Spade. We are very pleased that the brand's top and bottom line results exceeded expectations for the quarter. Revenue improved sequentially, declining 21% year-over-year. This included a 7-point impact from the strategic pullback of the low-margin wholesale disposition business. Gross margin expanded 100 basis points, primarily due to channel mix, partially offset by the negative impact of taking the footwear business in-house. We also tightly controlled costs and leveraged expenses resulted in -- resulting in a 380 basis point increase in operating margin.  
In addition to these solid financial results, there were many key strategic milestones for the quarter as we focused on leaning into the fundamental elements of the brand that we know our customers value. We made progress in reenergizing the leather goods offering through our new signature platform, the spade flower. This collection has been a global success with both new and existing customers. Margaux remain the top-selling family and customers continue to respond to our novelty offering, including the faux fur remedy bag in the specialty channel. Outside of handbags, we saw relative strength across jewelry, footwear and tech accessories. These categories, which are foundational to the brand's unique lifestyle positioning are also important for customer recruitment and cross-selling.  
Turning to digital, Kate Spade has a well-established e-commerce business with the highest digital sales penetration within our house of brands. During the quarter, we continued to drive momentum online, achieving strong double-digit revenue growth through engaging brand experiences across our platforms. In fact, we attracted over 250,000 new customers to the brand through our e-commerce channels in North America, a meaningful increase compared to last year. Additionally, we reactivated over 100,000 customers through our digital channels, an increase of 100% compared to last year. This is an important green shoot that demonstrates the traction we're making in strengthening our relationships with our core customer base.  
Turning to Kate Spade's priorities for holiday, most importantly, we will position the brand as the destination for gifting, joy and celebration. In specialty, we are building upon the successes of the spade flower assortment with our new coated canvas launch. In addition, we're excited to launch the all-day tote, and we will debut a collaboration with brand ambassador Naomi Watanabe, which will roll out globally, starting in Japan. 
In outlet, we will offer an array of festive holiday products that are in keeping with the brand's DNA. We're increasing the breadth and depth of box gift sets while also offering exclusive product drops over key weekends throughout the holiday season. We're also launching a new core handbag collection, Natalia, during the quarter.  
Across channels, we are more fully integrating novelty into our assortment, offering fun and witty shapes to excite the customer. At the same time, our teams are continuing to evolve the customer experience from leveraging digital and social media platforms to opening select pop-up stores in order to engage consumers in new and innovative ways. These are great examples of the team's agility and responsiveness to adapt to the current landscape by putting the consumer first. And our holiday marketing campaigns will be both celebratory and playful as we continue to lean into our strength as a storytelling brand. We're also testing new digital platforms such as TikTok as a way to amplify our messages and connect with consumers in relevant ways.  
In closing, I'm incredibly optimistic about the long-term potential for Kate Spade. We are making significant progress. And while there is still work ahead of us, we are confident that we're on the right track.  
Turning now to Stuart Weitzman, we are encouraged by the progress we made during the quarter. Sales declined 35% versus prior year, improving from the previous quarter and exceeding our expectations as a result of momentum in the direct business led by China and e-commerce, while wholesale results benefited from shipment timing with the second quarter. Further, our focused strategic actions, notably tight expense control, unprofitable market exits and store closures supported a significant narrowing of the brand's operating loss year-over-year.  
During the quarter, we delivered relevant and compelling product, capitalizing on the shift to casualization in the marketplace. We drove innovation across key classifications, including our iconic 5050 and LAND families. We delivered strong performance across our casual combat offering, led by our pearl-embellished SONDRA boot. We also leaned into the lug sole trend with launches of the KOLBIE, WENDA and [ IVY ] booties.  
In keeping with our focus on the consumer, we relaunched extended sizes and widths based on feedback from our customers through a series of in-person and virtual trunk shows. This drove retention and reactivation among our most loyal customers who love the brand for its fusion of fashion and fit. Additionally, through our U.S. e-commerce channel, we recruited over 40% more new customers compared to last year, establishing a more robust digital presence is an ongoing opportunity for the brand.  
Touching on marketing, we drove cultural relevance through our fall campaign featuring Serena Williams, our global spokeswoman, and Elaine Zhong, our new local ambassador in China. In addition, we launched the 5050 VOTE campaign showcasing a limited edition design of our 5050 boot, which sold out within the first week. This campaign has generated over 1.5 billion press impressions to date. We also strengthened partnerships with key wholesale accounts, supported by consistent execution and on-time deliveries. Looking ahead to spring, we're beginning to reestablish an expanded presence in these retailers.  
As mentioned, consistent with our strategy, we are focusing distribution on those markets and channels of greatest opportunity, notably China, building on the existing brand momentum. At the same time, we closed underperforming stores and markets as planned.  
Moving on to strategies for holiday at Stuart Weitzman. In product, we are emphasizing key classifications, boots, booties and sneakers, while balancing buy now, wear now styles with transitional product. We will also continue to build momentum in our casual offering, featuring our LIFT lug sole across the assortment. From a marketing perspective, we will continue to feature our brand ambassadors and immersive 360-degree campaigns focused on lifting women up in high fashion, high-function boots and booties for the winter season. In closing, we have a clear vision for the brand, and we're seeing promising green shoots in the business. I'm confident we will return Stuart Weitzman to profitable growth over our planning horizon.  
Looking forward, building on the strength of the first quarter, we are increasingly optimistic in our ability to accelerate growth across our portfolio. With 3 powerful brands, each with a unique purpose and leadership position in attractive categories, we have a strong foundation and are well positioned as we enter holiday and beyond. By continuing to sharpen our focus on the consumer and more fully leveraging the power of the Tapestry platform, we will fuel desire for our brands and better meet the needs of our customers through innovative and relevant product, a seamless shopping journey and immersive customer experiences. These efforts, in combination with the work underway to transform Tapestry into a leaner, more responsive organization, will not only accelerate the growth of our portfolio but enhance the profitability and cash generation of our overall business, driving sustainable top and bottom line growth over our planning horizon.  
With that, I'll turn it over to Andrea for a detailed discussion of our financial results and outlook. Andrea?

Thanks, Bob.

We did deliver a strong quarter in the first quarter. And our Q1 performance really reinforces the potential of our acceleration program as well as the agility of our teams. We're really pleased with the progress we're making across all of our brands, and we're confident in the foundation we're building and the opportunity to drive long-term growth and value. But the environment is uncertain in the near term, and we're staying focused on being close to the consumer, and as Andrea said, controlling the controllables. 
We have a comprehensive strategy around holiday, leaning into digital. We have initiatives to elongate the holiday shopping period. We're leveraging technology such as virtual queues or appointment shopping, which we're seeing customers increasingly adopt. And omnichannel capabilities, like buy online, pick up in store become more important. 
October has started out well. We've continued our momentum from the first quarter, and we're well positioned to flex, should demand further improve.

Our AUR performance has been quite intentional and really not related to product mix. We've been on this journey for a while, even pre-COVID, starting to get traction in growing our AUR. And I'll make a few comments, but toss it over to Todd to talk about the specific successes we're seeing at Coach. But we're focused on driving AUR by being close to our consumer and delivering value that our consumers value. And we're also embedding data and analytics better into our decision-making processes to better inform the assortment breadth, how we allocate that assortment, where we put -- allocate inventory by -- at a store level and how we price our product. And I think you're seeing all of those things come to bear in the AUR expansion. But it does start with understanding our consumer and delivering beautiful products that they value, and we're doing that so well at Coach. 
I'll pass it to Todd for his comments.

And Ike, I want to come back on your question around market share in North America. We're really pleased with the progress we're making and the trends in North America across our channels. And we believe that we are -- we have tremendous growth potential in the market, and we're seeing more in recruiting, more new customers to the brands. So -- and that's across all of our brands. So we are pleased with our performance in North America and the growth we're seeing across the market.

We're -- we spent a lot of time improving our marketing capabilities and understanding our consumer. When we say it's part of our acceleration program that we want to focus on our consumers, it's really developing a deeper understanding of our consumers and how to reach them. We talked a lot about some of the test and learn capabilities that we've added to our marketing teams, leveraging analytics not only to know them better and develop deeper insights, but also test how to reach our consumers at a better level. And that has helped us unlock some of this new customer recruitment that we're seeing. But also, we believe, will help us reach these customers and retain customers. There are many things that we have underway across our brands to drive not only recruitment but retention of our customers, and we're seeing traction. And we talked about recruitment at Coach, but we're also seeing it at Kate Spade as well, including reengagement of lapsed customers. And we're also rolling out loyalty programs to continue to better engage our consumers. 
So we have a comprehensive strategy, not just in marketing, as Todd mentioned. It's knowing our consumers, leveraging those insights, building it into our product, also building it into our marketing capabilities so we can continue to reach and engage those consumers.

Mark, we are targeting gross margin expansion for the year, and we are making systemic changes to how we manage our business, and that is driving our margin improvement as well as we have seen some channel mix benefit as well in the gross margin. But we are also seeing product margins increase from the action -- specific actions we're taking. I touched on them earlier, but driving AUR includes embedding data and analytics into how we're managing the business, really knowing our customer and delivering products that resonates with them and delivering a great value. That has allowed us to step away from promotional activity and that has been a real win in terms of driving AUR. 
I'll pass it to Andrea. She can give you some of the specifics about the splits between channel mix and product mix. But the answer to your question is we expect to continue to drive AUR growth and margin expansion this year.

Thank you. It's all of the above. Part of our acceleration program is really focused on leveraging data and analytics capabilities. And we have over time built a very sophisticated data and analytics capabilities. And our focus through the acceleration program is really embedding those capabilities into our decision-making process. So we have very robust capability and the right architecture and a lot of data. And our focus now is how to unlock that data and the insights and really drive decision-making. And we're seeing that benefit across several areas of our business and of the value chain. If you think about it from how we assort product, we've talked about SKU reductions. We've taken significant reductions in our SKU count informed by the analytics that we're seeing. So the teams, the merchants and the product teams are understanding the performance of our assortments and leveraging those analytics, balancing that with their intuition but leveraging analytics to understand what the right assortment architecture is. 
I talked about the work we're doing to allocate to our stores the right product based on the customers in those stores and what they're voting for and what they -- what resonates with them. So knowing customers more deeply in each of our locations and then building our assortments in our stores to reflect their preferences, we're getting much sharper at that. That's driving improvement. The pricing piece of it in the promo analytics is about disaggregating our promotional data and understanding at a consumer level what resonates with which consumers and then leveraging that through our marketing capabilities, leveraging analytics to make sure we're reaching the right customers with the right messages. So it's really throughout the value chain, and it's an opportunity. We found the opportunity to really embed the analytics into our decision-making processes. And it does impact revenue growth overall because all of those things drive higher AUR, faster turnover of our inventory and lower promotional activity, which drives higher sales.

Yes, I'll say I appreciate that question, Lorraine, because as we entered and have been navigating through the disruption, our focus was to ensure the stability of our business and the sustainable generation of free cash flow. So as we're having this conversation about paying down the debt and capital allocation in the future, it does show that we're making progress in generating stable free cash flow. I'll talk to -- but the environment and visibility does remain uncertain, the environment is dynamic. So we're managing through that. But I'll pass it to Andrea to give you an understanding of our capital allocation priorities.

I'll make a couple of comments but then pass it over to Todd. In terms of the outlet business, we're really thrilled with the response we've seen from our consumers in the outlet channel. We continue to deliver really tremendous value and beautiful high-quality product to consumers in that channel. And we're learning how to engage consumers in a more relevant way through all channels in the outlet. And it's not just the outlet, it's also across the space, across all channels. 
And as we think about -- I love the question about creativity in magic and logic. I tend to talk a lot about data and analytics, but our company has always prized that balance of magic and logic. And I think you can see from the assortments that we're delivering, that creative balance is critically important to deliver product that consumers value. And our teams continue to do a great job delivering beautiful product and great value for our consumers, and that's a key element. I think if you've seen the Basquiat collection at Coach -- and Todd, I don't want to steal all your thunder, but it is a huge product and quite creative as well as the novelty product in the spade flower that we've introduced at Kate Spade. So it's across our brands. 
But I'll kick it over to Todd and let him comment.

I'll start with the digital business, Paul. We saw the second quarter in a row of triple-digit growth across our digital channels. And we're leveraging and leaning into our digital capabilities not only to serve the customer in that channel, but also as a recruitment vehicle for new customers. Todd just mentioned the success we're having in the Coach brand. But across all of our brands and recruiting new customers across brands through that channel. Significant growth in North America, but also globally. And we have the capabilities to serve our customers through the digital channel globally. Simultaneously, however, we saw that triple-digit growth while we continue to drive sequential improvement in the stores business so -- in the first quarter. So encouraged that we continue to see the consumer adopt and lean into digital as the stores business has improved. 
To your point on the P&L, our digital margins are accretive. And we are structurally, from a P&L perspective, leaning into digital as a benefit to our P&L. Our business, as I said, structurally is favorable in the digital business. We have high AUR and high order values as well as high margin. And because our business is not size, we have a relatively lower returns rate, which drives a higher overall operating margin in the channel. We're capturing new customers, as I mentioned, and expect to continue to invest in this channel, both in marketing but also new capabilities. So we're incredibly optimistic about what we see, the road we see ahead in digital and continue to expect the penetration to increase. 
We're doing that across regions. To your question, again, significant growth in North America, but also significant in China where -- and in Europe. But in China, interestingly, the Coach brand is the #1 ranked brand on the Tmall platform. So we are reaching consumers through that channel, and that's obviously an important channel to reach a number of consumers in that market. So we're very encouraged by the work that we're doing and our ability to engage consumers, recruit consumers and retain consumers through that channel and what it means for our P&L. 
We are seeing that across our brands, and you mentioned Kate Spade. We made progress across all of our brands this quarter. And I don't want -- Coach had such a standout performance. I don't want it to be lost, but we also drove top line and bottom line ahead of expectations in both Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman. We are making progress in those brands and important progress. And particularly as it relates to digital, Kate Spade is our most digitally -- highest digitally penetrated brand already, and we're having success reaching consumers through that channel and the Kate Spade brand, recruiting new customers, reengaging lapsed customers. The team is working very hard to really lean into the fundamental elements of the brand. We talked about the spade flower introduction from a product perspective which has been very well received, and that is -- that will become a new icon that we can build off of for the brand. So we're making progress in the product as well as in the way we're engaging consumers in the Kate Spade brand. 
I continue to have, and we continue to be confident in the long-term potential there. And I'll touch on Stuart Weitzman, also promising green shoots in the quarter. We improved revenue, we narrowed our operating loss during the quarter with focused actions. The team was very bold to make sure that we were focusing on the most profitable and productive distribution. And that, you can see the results of that. You can see in the progress we made in Stuart Weitzman in the quarter. So progress across our portfolio for the first quarter.

I think you got cut out on the first part of your question, Omar, but related to the digital and how we think about the digital business now versus historically. Historically, the consumer and the channel was leveraged for -- in a completely different way. And now as we think about -- you're right, historically, we did lean into the flash sale elements of the digital business. But today, as we get closer to our consumers, the digital channel -- and understand how they shop, the digital channel is an important way the consumers discover brands, engage with brands on a number of levels, not just to transact but also to engage across different platforms. And the way we think about engaging consumers today is really putting the consumer first and being available for that consumer wherever and however they want to engage with our brand. 
We've seen a lot of success in the digital channel in terms of growing sales through the channel, but we're also having a lot of success through the digital channel in engaging our consumers through our marketing activities, even with our store associates engaging our consumers on social media platforms to host their staffing parties and really developing communities behind our brands. And so the digital space is quite a bit different today than it was even a few years ago. The consumer shopping behaviors are changing rapidly. We're staying very close to our consumers and working to meet them where they are. 
And I can pass it to Todd about some specifics around the Coach brand.

Thank you, Omar.

Yes, I'll kick it off by saying the gross margin expansion that we saw in the first quarter has been intentional and an integral part of our acceleration program to get closer to our consumer and embed data and analytics, and I touched on a couple of times on the call how that's coming to life in the business and delivering the gross margin expansion that we're seeing. We do believe that we have the opportunity to continue to expand gross margin as we move forward, not only for this year but beyond this year across all of our brands. And I can let Todd touch on the specific Coach AUR.

Yes, thanks again, everybody, for joining us today. A little bit earlier than normal. It is an honor to be leading this organization. We have such talented global teams with great brands, and Tapestry is an enabling platform. Very pleased with the results we delivered in the first quarter against a very uncertain backdrop. And we're confident in the long-term strategy and potential to create value. 
I'm looking forward to keeping you all posted on our progress moving forward. Thanks very much.