Good morning. Thank you, Kelsey, and welcome, everyone. I am pleased to report that the strong momentum we saw throughout last year has accelerated further in the first quarter with our sales now 9% above pre-pandemic levels. Our operating margin has improved 8.5 points compared to fiscal year '20 even as we've reinvested in key growth drivers for our business.
The fundamental changes we've made through the Acceleration Program to transform Tapestry and our brands have enabled our teams to act with agility to drive highly effective customer engagement and support increasing demand. This performance also reaffirms our confidence in our differentiated platform. Our 3 unique brands are enabled by our talented teams, technology infrastructure, globally diversified supply chain and a 90% direct-to-consumer model.
These assets, coupled with our growing data and consumer insights capabilities, have fueled more targeted product development, more efficient pricing and more effective marketing, all of which support accelerating revenue, higher gross margin, improving profitability, and most importantly, stronger connections with our customers.
Now turning to the highlights from the first quarter. We continued to make meaningful progress against the Acceleration Program by sharpening our focus on the consumer, leveraging data to lead with a digital-first mindset and transforming Tapestry into a more responsive organization.
First, we kept the consumer at the forefront of our strategy, which drove further increases in customer recruitment. In fact, we acquired approximately 1.6 million new customers across our direct channels in North America, an increase of over 20%, with growth in both stores and online.
Second, we leveraged our unique data and analytics capabilities to enhance engagement with our consumers. As a result, retention improved year-over-year at each brand, including strong reengagement with the 4 million customers acquired last year in our North America digital channels. In addition, we drove a higher number of repeat transactions and reactivated lapsed customers at an increasing rate. These examples highlight the advancements we've made to utilize customer insights, to increase engagement with our brands and drive higher lifetime value.
Third, we enhanced our expertise in the digital channel, a margin-accretive business, across brands. We've made significant investments, including in talent, to improve the customer experience and drive conversion. As a result, we realized a sequential acceleration in e-commerce revenue trends in the quarter, a meaningful achievement as we lap difficult online comparisons from last year. Sales rose close to 50%, with digital penetration now nearly 4x pre-pandemic levels. At the same time, trends across our global store fleet again improved, with operating margins that continued to exceed pre-pandemic levels.
Fourth, we further strengthened our positioning in China, a region that represents significant long-term opportunity, supported by the rising middle class. While COVID resurgences during the quarter impacted traffic across the industry, we delivered sales growth of over 25%. Compared to pre-pandemic levels, sales increased roughly 65%, accelerating versus the prior quarter. And importantly, we grew on both the mainland and with Chinese consumers globally, which increased at a low double-digit rate versus fiscal year '20.
And fifth, we increased global AUR at each of our brands, reflecting traction with our customer base and the deliberate structural changes we've made to reduce promotional activity and improve assortment productivity.
Now let me touch on the first quarter highlights for each of our brands.
Coach delivered another exceptional quarter, accelerating further off an already strong base. Revenue rose 27%, representing an increase of 15% compared to pre-pandemic levels or a 13 point sequential improvement. Operating margin expanded, fueled by gross margin, which reached nearly 75%, the highest rate in any quarter in the last 10 years. These results are a testament to the increasing brand heat and strong customer demand and engagement we're seeing at Coach, highlighting progress against the brand's fiscal year '22 growth strategies.
First, we drove another quarter of AUR gains as we benefited from strengthening pricing power and our deliberate actions to improve SKU productivity and lower promotional activity. Globally, Coach's handbag AUR increased high single-digits in both the retail and outlet channels. In addition, we achieved the 10th consecutive quarter of AUR improvement in North America, which rose low double-digits. This continued improvement reflects our pricing power and strong engagement with consumers as we focus on enhancing customer lifetime value. In the quarter, we acquired over 900,000 new customers across our North America channels, a high-teens increase compared to the prior year. At the same time, purchase frequency rose versus last year.
Second, we continued to develop our iconic families to create a foundation for our product pipeline in future seasons with notable strength in key families such as Tabby and Rogue. In addition, we are led by Stuart Vevers' creative vision, who is building on 80 years of iconic Coach codes, notably the signature C and Horse & Carriage, both of which have supported increasing sales across all channels.
Third, we increased investments and drove stronger returns in marketing, leveraging our data capabilities to drive outsized growth in our digital business. In the first quarter, e-commerce increased over 60%, representing a sequential improvement on both a 1- and 2-year basis, underscoring the significant opportunity that this channel represents.
Fourth, we again drove growth in China. Sales rose over 25% compared to last year, with improvements across stores and e-commerce as we diversify our approach to meet the customer where they want to shop. This includes better leveraging existing platforms and establishing relationships with new online forums. As we build on the strength of our brand and our positioning with the emerging middle class, we continue to see tremendous long-term potential in China.
And fifth, we outperformed in the men's business in keeping with our ambition to deliver $1 billion in sales in the category over our planning horizon. In the quarter, we reinvigorated some of our iconic leather goods silhouettes, infusing camo print in retail and the Basquiat collaboration in outlet.
In summary, Coach continues to stand out even amid external pressures. Customers are engaging with the brand at an increasing rate, given the traction of our product and marketing. We're driving continued momentum as we enter the important holiday quarter. The brand has proven that the foundational changes we've made are working and our results are sustainable. We are increasingly confident in our ability to drive both revenue and profit gains for fiscal '22 and beyond.
Now moving to Kate Spade. The brand continued to make steady progress against its strategic priorities and outperformed internal expectations across the P&L. We built on the increasing traction we're seeing with consumers, which drove top line improvement during the quarter. Importantly, direct sales, excluding wholesale, increased mid single-digits versus pre-pandemic levels, a sequential improvement compared to the fourth quarter. These results confirm that the growth strategies we're executing to return Kate Spade to its roots and improve the underlying foundation of the brand are taking hold.
In the quarter, we maintained a consumer-centric approach in our execution, acquiring over 650,000 new customers across channels in North America, a significant increase over last year. At the same time, we reactivated lapsed customers with outsized growth among those customers lapsed over 3 years, reflecting a renewed connection with our core customers and confirming the efforts to clarify the brand's positioning are gaining traction.
Second, we continued to build out our core product offering by amplifying key platforms. Most notably, the Knott and spade flower again outperformed expectation and act as strong foundations for future growth. The strength of these recent introductions, coupled with deliberate actions to improve full price selling and pull back on promotional activity, fueled another quarter of global handbag AUR growth, which rose low double-digits. The progress we've made has increased our confidence in Kate Spade's pricing power as we deepen our connection with consumers and execute on our strategic agenda.
Third, we drove brand heat by deploying marketing centered on our Kate Spade community and leaning into our DNA as a best-in-class storytelling brand. We employed new ways of reaching our customers, including a variety of social media platforms and a reimagined an uniquely Kate Spade approach to New York Fashion Week, which featured a pop-up Apple Orchard in Downtown Manhattan, incorporating our iHeart New York collection.
Fourth, we maximized our lifestyle positioning by continuing to strengthen the foundation of ready wear footwear and jewelry, all of which outperformed our expectations. Overall, the brand's differentiated and broad offering supports our goal to increase lifetime value as those customers buying lifestyle products tend to purchase more frequently and spend more.
And fifth, we utilized our already strong digital platform to continue to grow e-commerce sales, which rose over 15% in the quarter as we test, learn and scale innovative and new ways to engage the consumer online.
In closing, we're leading with our values to strengthen the emotional connection with our passionate Kate Spade community. We are excited by the brand's progress, and our solid performance underscores that we have the right strategy in place. We have significant confidence in our ability to achieve $2 billion in revenue at high-teens operating margins over the planning horizon.
Turning now to Stuart Weitzman. The brand has made continued progress towards achieving our overarching goal of restoring profitability in the current fiscal year. To achieve this, we advanced our growth strategies in the quarter.
First, we improved operating margin compared to prior year, further increasing our confidence in a return to profitability this year. This was driven by continued outperformance in high-growth areas, including digital and China. Our e-commerce channels rose over 30% globally, driven by customer experience upgrades to improve conversion. And in China, a market that remains a significant opportunity for the brand, revenue increased over 25%.
Second, we recruited an increasing number of new customers compared to last year and drove higher retention rates overall. The consumer remains at the forefront of our strategy as we capitalize on shifting market trends, most notably the return to in-person socialization and the growing need for occasion and dressy footwear. At the same time, our iconic collections continue to resonate, notably the Nudist family, which brought an increasing number of new and younger customers to the brand.
Third, we drove brand heat through a tailored offering supported by marketing actions to engage the consumer. Stuart Weitzman's momentum was evidenced by a return to AUR growth, which rose low double-digits compared to prior year, reflecting deliberate actions to lower promotional activity as well as select price increases, which we intend to continue on a strategic basis. This was a key driver of the gross margin expansion of over 250 basis points.
Fourth, we strengthened our wholesale partnerships, specifically with key domestic full-price partners, resulting in high-teens growth in the channel.
Overall, our solid execution is evidenced by our improving financial performance. We're laser-focused on the consumer by offering compelling product and marketing to enhance customer engagement and increase our productivity in key regions and channels. This in turn will support our goal to restore profitability in fiscal '22.
Now turning to the overarching strategies for the holiday quarter. The consumer backdrop is healthy. And our recent internal survey work in North America highlights the demand for the handbag and footwear categories remain strong. We're remaining nimble on keeping the customer at the center of our priorities.
First, we are controlling the factors within our control and playing offense. We've moved quickly and taken bold and deliberate actions to mitigate industry-wide inventory constraints. We're also messaging to customers earlier in the holiday season to elongate the shopping period and capture demand early. Importantly, we will be maintaining our discipline around discounting and selectively increasing prices as we lead with messaging on innovation and value over price. Separately, we are creating engaging omnichannel customer experiences as in-store traffic continues to improve and online engagement increases.
Across brands, we're employing exciting initiatives to surprise and delight consumers during this important shopping period. At Coach, we've kicked off the holiday season in a truly iconic fashion with our recreation of Jennifer Lopez's All I Have video nearly 2 decades after the original, featuring our signature codes. At Kate Spade, we're creating magical holiday moments with our To All A Sparkly Night collection, which captures the sense that the littlest things can be life's biggest indulgences. And at Stuart Weitzman, our recently launched campaign featuring Kate Hudson arrives just in time for the start of the holiday season as well as celebrations for our 35th anniversary.
Overall, our first quarter results and the momentum we're delivering are evidence that our strategy, led by the Acceleration Program, is working. We've radically transformed our company, realizing material operating margin improvement while fueling investments in key growth areas of our business.
We're largely a direct-to-consumer business with a digital-first mindset, building a deeper understanding of our customers. We're utilizing these capabilities along with the additional benefits of our multi-brand platform to drive even further growth at Coach and accelerate the trajectory of both Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman over our planning horizon.
I'm encouraged by the growing vibrancy of each of our brands and the strengthening engagement with consumers, backed by the work of our talented and passionate teams. Our confidence is underscored by the stronger outlook for fiscal year '22 and additional shareholder return plans announced today. We've entered the second quarter with momentum and have proactively put in place plans to deliver for our customers this holiday season and into the New Year. We are well positioned to capture market share at structurally higher operating margin in the years to come, creating significant value for all our stakeholders. 
With that, I'll turn it over to Scott, who will discuss our financial results, capital deployment priorities and fiscal year '22 outlook. Scott?

Bob, our confidence is really driven by 3 factors. Our Acceleration Program initiatives are gaining traction and driving brand heat. We're seeing a strong consumer backdrop, and we're taking bold actions to manage the environment. We're pleased with the momentum we're seeing across brands. The actions we've taken through our Acceleration Program have transformed our company and are driving strong and sustainable results. We see brand heat building as evidenced with the AUR growth that we're delivering in each of our brands. We're also seeing acceleration in top line trends.
In the first quarter, we delivered growth of 9% above pre-pandemic levels, which was an 8-point acceleration from the fourth quarter. We're delivering that with significant gross margin expansion, which is allowing us to deliver structurally higher operating margin while also reinvesting in the key growth drivers of the business. And we're seeing continued strength in digital in China, which are 2 areas that we've talked about represent long-term opportunity for Tapestry. As I mentioned, as we look at the landscape, consumer spending is healthy, and demand for our categories remains very strong.
So although the environment continues to be dynamic, we've moved aggressively to manage the supply side of the equation, to protect the strong trends that we're seeing and serve our customers, really keeping the customer at the center of our strategy and of our execution. Our teams have a proven track record of managing these dynamics. And we are very confident in our ability to deliver for our customers this holiday and beyond. And that confidence, Bob, is really evidenced by the increased guidance and incremental share repurchase programs that we announced today.

Let me jump into the Kate Spade comments, Erinn. So we are making steady progress at Kate Spade, and we do have the right strategy. We are clarifying the brand positioning and we're seeing traction across the P&L. And in fact, direct sales for the quarter increased mid single-digits versus pre-pandemic levels. So on a direct basis, we are growing above pre-pandemic levels and that improved quarter-over-quarter. And we are focused on returning the brand to its roots and driving stronger consumer engagement. We acquired over 650,000 new customers across North America channels to the brand this past quarter alone. And we're reactivating lapsed customers at an increasing rate, which gives us confidence that the strategy is working, that we're reaching the core Kate Spade consumer.
And we've worked hard to improve the product assortment there. We talked about new platforms like the Knott and spade flower, which continue to perform. And those represent important platforms for future growth. And we're seeing increased global handbag AUR. AURs grew low double-digits. So all signs that Kate Spade is on the right path on the direct business growing against pre-pandemic levels. And it reinforces our confidence that the brand can achieve $2 billion in revenue and at a high-teens operating margin as we move forward.

Yes. Let me start and then I'll toss it to Todd, who can give you an update on Coach specifically. But across all of our categories, we see the opportunity to take price, and we, as brands in the portfolio, are gaining pricing power. And we're structurally positioned to be able to improve our AURs with the data and analytics applications and the structural changes that we've made across our assortments. It's not just a handbag effort. We're looking across our assortments. We're understanding what our consumers are looking for and expecting from our brands. And we're getting better and better at leveraging that data to tailor our assortments appropriately, tailor our messaging and evaluate pricing across.
So we feel good about the progress we've made, but we see tremendous run. We're really just getting started. We're a data-rich company. And we're learning to use this data in better and better ways, and that you're seeing throughout the P&L, including in gross margin and AUR increases. But Todd, I'll toss it to you and -- to talk about what you're seeing and doing at Coach.

Thanks, Lorraine. We are gaining traction, and that has been a big focus of our Acceleration Program. As we say, we're getting closer to our consumer. It's understanding the consumer at a deeper level. And we're leveraging those insights and applying them to the work we're doing, and bringing great product to market, and then leveraging those insights to understand how and where to reach customers. We're increasingly reaching customers through digital channels. We've talked about that as a place that we think there is tremendous runway ahead, but we've added over $1 billion to that business in 2 years.
We're testing and learning more. We've changed the way we work. And we're investing more in marketing. Even as we're delivering structural operating margin improvements, we've really tilted the P&L to invest in those places that allow us to reach more customers and reach them in different ways. So those efforts are paying off. We acquired 4 million customers through digital channels in North America last year and 1.6 million in the first quarter across North America across channels. And we expect to continue as we learn, because we're really just getting started on leveraging these insights, on new ways of working and targeting our investments more into the places that will allow our brands to grow.

And one point I want to add that I didn't mention, but it's about acquiring customers, but then it's about driving lifetime value. And I did want to make sure I mentioned, we are focused on reengaging the consumers after we acquire them and driving higher lifetime value. All of our brands have a broad array of an assortment that we can engage our customers. We're seeing those customers come back and transact more frequently. And so we're really building the foundation for future growth.

Yes. So let me jump on the China question. We were pleased with our growth in China. As you mentioned, we accelerated on a 2-year basis. And although we did experience pockets of COVID-related disruption, we delivered growth. We grew greater than 25% on the year, but to your point, 65% on a 2-year basis. And we are seeing continued strong engagement with customers in the market. And brand sentiment remains strong, particularly in the Coach brand. And we're seeing growth, I guess, in, I would say, Coach and at Stuart Weitzman, our 2 biggest brands with the highest penetration in the market. And Kate, as you know, remains relatively smaller. But we see tremendous runway ahead.
Of course, we're monitoring the developments in the market. The environment remains dynamic. But we're staying very close to the customer. And we're well positioned. All of our brands are well positioned against the growing middle class. So as we stay close to the customer and deliver the product and the experiences and show up where the customers are increasingly innovating in places like Douyin and the TikTok of China, and putting our brands where our customers are and being very relevant to that customer, we expect and we continue to see we have tremendous runway in the market.

Yes. I'll kick it off. As we embarked on our Acceleration Program, we saw a huge opportunity to better understand and serve our customers where they wanted to shop. And that really had us leaning into investments we had made historically, but leaning into our capabilities in digital and data. We are, as we said, 90% direct-to-consumer business. We know a lot about our customers. And we knew we had an opportunity to better engage our customers and meet customers as their shopping behaviors were changing.
So we have invested quite a bit, and we've grown that business tremendously. We are seeing continued engagement, at Coach, where we have runway, but across all of our brands. We're seeing continued engagement, customer acquisition through digital channels. That's not to say that's our only focus. We -- the omnichannel customer and customer shopping behaviors are changing and continue to change rapidly. So we're staying close to the customer. And we want to be available with our brand to our customers where they want to shop and how they want to shop. And we're staying close to that.
We're making the investments we need to make. And we're seeing really high returns on those investments, leveraging data and getting closer to our consumers. Leaning into those digital capabilities has been paying off. And it's not just acquisition, as I mentioned earlier. It's really -- once we acquire our consumers driving -- to drive higher lifetime value. And that's engaging them across our broad array of categories in each of our brands. So proud of the work the teams are doing. As I mentioned, it's early days for us. We're happy and very pleased with the traction we're seeing, but a long runway ahead.

So let me jump on the first part of your question. Consumer acquisition, retention, repeat rates, we're seeing that across all of our brands. And we've deployed strategies really across our value chain. It's not one thing. It's really through the work of our Acceleration Program. It starts with getting to know our customers and being clear on who our target customers are for each of our brands. And then serving those customers, understanding them and then serving them with great creative product, and then making sure we've got the right assortments in the right places. So we're leveraging data and analytics plus the creativity of our talented creative teams to put the right assortments in the right places and manage inventory in the right way.
And then the marketing investments that we've made is, we've structurally changed the pitch of our P&L to invest more in those things that will drive acquisition, retention, those investments in the growth drivers in digital and in marketing. At the same time we're doing that, we're increasing our -- improving our capabilities to understand and reach customers. So we have specific strategies that we're executing. We've got a test and learn framework that our teams are executing under. And we're innovating constantly as we learn how to better engage our consumers, bring them back more frequently, serve them, better messaging. And those are the things that are working. And again, that's the power of the Tapestry platform. We're applying these capabilities across our brands, and we're seeing traction across our brands.

Thank you, Katherine. Well, Q1 was a strong quarter for Tapestry with outperformance across all brands. We are building momentum, and our confidence in the tremendous runway ahead for our brands is underscored by the increased guidance and shareholder returns we announced today. We've moved quickly and decisively in navigating industry-wide headwinds to meet rising demand for our brands.
As always, our results are driven by our passionate teams who are moving with greater agility and are ready to deliver for our customers this holiday and beyond. Thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning, and have a great day.