Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some highlights from the first quarter, then briefly discuss the performance of our 2 operating segments, Clear Aligners and Systems and Services. John will provide more detail on our financial results and discuss our outlook for the full year. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open the call to questions. 
I'm pleased to report another strong quarter with record revenues and volumes reflecting strong growth for both Invisalign Clear Aligners and iTero Systems and Services across products and customer channels worldwide. Q1 sequential Invisalign Clear Aligner growth was driven by strength in both adult and teen market segments across products, customer channels, especially in North America and the EMEA region. The year is off to a great start, and Q1 reflects increasing momentum and the benefit from continued investments in our strategic initiatives focusing on: expanding our operations globally in existing and emerging international markets; increasing ortho adoption and utilization of Invisalign treatment, especially with teens; training and education GP dentists; an increasing conversion to Clear Aligners; and building Invisalign brand preference with millions of consumers through advertising, PR, digital, social media and influencer marketing to drive demand and conversion through Invisalign-trained doctors. 
For Q1, total revenues were $894.8 million, up 7.2% sequentially and 62.4% year-over-year. Q1 System and Services were $141.5 million, up 5.8% sequentially and up 104% year-over-year. Q1 '21 Clear Aligner revenues of $753.3 million were up 7.5% sequentially and increased of 56.4% year-over-year. 
In Q1, we shipped a record 595,800 Invisalign cases, an increase of 4.9% sequentially and 65.8% year-over-year. In addition, we shipped to a record 78,600 Invisalign doctors worldwide, of which approximately 6,600 were first-time customers. 
During the quarter, we reached a significant milestone with our 10 millionth Invisalign patient, Gabriela Silva, who recently began our treatment with Dr. Eunice Blind, an Invisalign-trained orthodontist in São Paulo, Brazil, one of our fastest-growing country markets. It's remarkable to think about the pace of growth and adoption that we are experiencing worldwide, especially when considering it took 10 years to achieve our 1 millionth Invisalign patient milestone and now we're adding 1 million new Invisalign patients in less than 6 months. We're grateful to our doctor partners and their patients and to our 20,000 employees around the world who have helped us reach this milestone. 
In recognition of our 10 millionth Invisalign milestone, we have donated $10 million to the Align Foundation donor-advised fund, are kicking off a campaign called 10 Million Smiles, 10 Million Thanks centered around the transformative power of Invisalign treatment through the eyes of Invisalign patients. 
From a product perspective, Q1 clear aligner revenues reflect strong growth across the Invisalign portfolio for both comprehensive and noncomprehensive products. Q1 comp volume increased 4.9% sequentially and 62.3% year-over-year, and Q1 non-comp or noncomprehensive volume increased 5.0% sequentially and 74.4% year-over-year. Invisalign Clear Aligners address a wide range of case complexity and can treat approximately 90% of case starts for adults and teens and phase 1 treatment for kids as young as 6 years old. Q1 adult patients increased 5.8% sequentially and 68.5% year-over-year. Q1 teens or younger patients increased 2.7% sequentially, 58.9% year-over-year. Teenage cases made up nearly 75% of the 15 million ortho starts each year and despite our rapid growth and adoption, Invisalign treatment is still only single digits worldwide, so we continue to see significant runway here. 
Our strong Q1 results also reflect our multimillion-dollar consumer marketing investment across key media channels with broad reach to drive consumers to Invisalign doctor practices. Our teen and mom-focused consumer campaign generated 138% year-over-year increase in unique visitors to our website and 35% increase in leads generated. In addition, Invisalign social media influencers like Charli D'Amelio, Avani Gregg, and Tan France and many other content creators/influencers enabled a delivery of 4.2 billion impressions in Q1 '21, delivering exciting new content and increased engagement for the Invisalign brand among their millions of followers. 
The consumer insights and data we receive from our programs suggest adults are also continuing to invest more in themselves for their overall health and well-being and have more disposable income to do so. They are seeking Invisalign clear aligner treatment from our Invisalign doctors and sharing their positive experiences with their friends, family and social networks, becoming influencers themselves. 
Now let's turn to the specifics around our first quarter results, starting with the Americas. For the Americas region, Q1 was another strong quarter with Invisalign case volume up 8.4% sequentially and 53.8% year-over-year reflecting increased Invisalign submitters and utilization growth for both orthodontic and GP channels. Q1 results also reflect continued investment in digital marketing, sales programs, our channel focus around GPs, orthos and DSOs and other initiatives to help drive utilization. 
In the GP channel, Invisalign Moderate and Invisalign Go continue to gain traction. This was especially true for GP dentists that enrolled in the iPro program as well as doctors that have installed iTero scanners. The GP Accelerator program, designed exclusively for GPs, provides an all-encompassing support plan based on practice needs that is centered around maximizing iTero integration, clinical support needs and implementing new marketing strategies. DSO utilization also increased and continues to be a strong growth driver and outpaced non-DSO practices. 
Today, we announced that we have extended our relationship with DECA Dental Group and have signed a new multiyear agreement for the Invisalign System through early 2025. In addition, DECA Dental Group is extending utilization of iTero Element 5D imaging system across its affiliate practices in the United States. This provides DECA Dental doctors and clinical support team members with access to Align's customized clinical education for the Invisalign system and the iTero Element 5D imaging system to support practices in adopting new workflows for restorative dentistry and for digital orthodontics. 
In the ortho channel, the Teen Awesomeness Centers program direct patients to Invisalign doctors who are experts are treating teens and are seen as the go-to doctors in their markets, helping to drive increased comprehensive treatments within the North American ortho channel. Tomorrow, registration opens for the 2021 Teen Forum: Virtual Edition to be held on June 10 and 11, which combines 2 days of all new dynamic sessions focused on the Invisalign teen patient journey. Sessions will focus on building clinical confidence, efficient workflows, teen and parent conversion and the overall digital treatment experience that teens expect. The timing of the forum is designed as a strong lead to the busy teen season, and attendees will have the option, at the post forum mentoring by Invisalign teen experts, to help orthos and their staff apply the tools from the teen forum to their practices and get additional support through their busy summer. 
For our international business, Q1 Invisalign case volume was up sequentially 0.9%. On a year-over-year basis, international shipments were up 83.2%. In EMEA, Q1 volumes were sequentially 3.7%, up 74.9% year-over-year, with strong broad-based growth across all markets, led by the U.K., France and Italy, along with continued growth in our expansion markets, led by Turkey, Russia, CIS and Benelux. We also saw strong performance from both ortho and GP channels, with momentum in the GP channels with adults reflected in strong utilization in shipments from Invisalign Go. 
EMEA growth programs are customized by market and customers' type to encourage Invisalign utilization, such as Professional 360 Ortho and Advance 360 Ortho programs with over 2,000 orthodontist enrolled. We also had GP Move 360, a program design to be able to help move doctors along their developmental journey, with an increase in GP cohorts of over 117% compared to a prior year. We're also continuing to offer online and on-demand education events, which have reached over 15,000 GPs cumulatively. 
In the region, we hosted several successful summits and forums for Invisalign doctors this quarter in all-virtual formats: the U.K. GP Forum and Ortho Summit, French Ortho Summit and the iTero Element Plus launch media event. In addition, we just held the Italian and DACH or German Ortho Summits last week. 
International expansion remains one of our key strategic pillars. Last week, we announced plans to open a new manufacturing facility in Poland, which will be our first Aligner plant in the EMEA region and our third plant worldwide joining Juarez, Mexico and Ziyang, China. The new facility is expected to be supplying customers in the EMEA region in early 2022, helping address the large and relatively untapped market of more than 5 million annual orthodontic case starts and more than 150 million EMEA customers who could benefit from treatment. The investment is part of our strategy to bring operational facilities closer to our customers and reflects our commitment to Invisalign-trained doctors and their patients in the EMEA region and extends our local operations in the region. 
The state-of-the-art EMEA plant in Wroclaw is expected to have more than 2,500 jobs by the end of 2025, making it the company's largest investment in EMEA to date and the largest 3D printing operation in the region. 
For APAC, Q1 volumes were down sequentially 3.9% as expected, reflecting seasonality. On a year-over-year basis, APAC was up 101.3% compared to the prior year, reflecting continued strong growth across the region, led by China, Japan and ANZ. Invisalign volume growth drivers were young adults, with young kids ramping faster than any other age group. In the teen segment, Invisalign volumes accelerated during the quarter and were driven by increased Invisalign utilization and case submissions from Invisalign doctors. We also continue to see good adoption of the Invisalign Moderate product for noncomprehensive treatment in the GP channel. During the quarter, we continued to offer online and on-demand education events which reached over 14,000 GPs cumulatively. 
Invisalign volumes in China were flat sequentially and up over 200% year-over-year. In Q1, China volumes gained momentum throughout the quarter. The Align clinical education site is the go-to digital hub for Invisalign doctors and team education and training. The digital learning environment was relaunched in February 2020 for Invisalign doctors, offering a comprehensive learning platform with role-specific content for orthos, GPs and their teams. The site enables more online learning opportunities with spotlight features for what's trending now, recommended learning paths based on doctors' experiences and expanded categories, including digital treatment planning, comprehensive dentistry and team education. 
During the quarter, over 102,000 unique users, having accessed the records lecture, completed self-paced learning modules and watched how-to videos, viewing more than 3 million pages of learning content. On the Ortho channel, over 38,000 unique users have engaged with a digital learning site and additional 63,000 unique users from the GP channel. 
We also continue to see good adoption of the ADAPT program, which is an expert and independent fee-based business consulting service offered by Align to optimize clinics' operational workflow and processes to enhance patient experience, customer and staff satisfaction. As a result of the ADAPT service, practices experience higher growth and greater efficiencies for orthodontic practices as well as improved profitability after implementation. To date, we've seen a 50% increase in Invisalign cases among doctors' cohorts within 6 months of participation in the ADAPT program. In addition, while still early in the program, we're also seeing a strong correlation or halo effect on teen utilization among ADAPT doctor cohorts. 
On consumer marketing, this focuses on educating consumers about the Invisalign system and driving that demand to our Invisalign doctor offices, ultimately capitalizing on the massive market opportunity to transform 500 million smiles. 
In Q1, we continue to see strong digital engagement globally with more than 138% increase in unique visitors, 95% increase in doctor locator searches and 35% increase in leads created on a year-over-year basis, driven by our global adult and mom-focused campaigns and teen-focused influencer content. Our U.S. Mom/Teen multitouch, multimillion-dollar campaign with influencer-led YouTube videos, a mom-focused TV spot, a custom Twitch activation and mega teen sensations such as Charli D'Amelio and Avani Gregg continued to perform well and garnered 4.2 billion impressions in Q1. 
The statistics I shared previously speak to the continued success this marketing campaign is having to not only drive demand with consumers but also educate them on the benefits of Invisalign treatment through a doctor's office. 
The Align Digital Platform continues to gain traction globally. Our consumer and patient app, My Invisalign, is now available in 58 markets, resulting in a more than 4x increase in app downloads and 3x increase in patients actively using our app in Q1 '21 versus the same period a year ago. Our consumer and patient feature usage continues to increase. For example, Invisalign Virtual Appointment Tool was used 86,000 times and our insurance verification feature was used 27,000 times in Q1. Further, we received more than 575,000 patient photos in our Virtual Care feature to date globally, providing us rich data to leverage our AI capabilities to improve our services for doctors and patients. 
Lastly, our new consumer website has been rolled out to more than 50 markets and continues to drive increased effectiveness in lead creation. In the EMEA region, we built on the tremendous success we saw with the consumer marketing pilot in Q4 in the U.K. and expanded our media investments across the U.K., Germany and France to drive engagements, resulting in more than 335% increase in unique visitors and a 95% increase in leads. 
We also expanded our consumer advertising in the APAC region in Australia, Japan and China, and saw more than a 2,000% increase in consumer engagement and a 298% increase in leads. Several key metrics that show increased activity engagement with Invisalign brand are included in our Q1 quarterly presentation slides available on our website. 
Our NFL partnership continues to do well, generating over 23.5 million impressions during the quarter. It continues to be another major integral channel to reach adults considering clear aligner treatment through an Invisalign-trained doctor. During the quarter, we expanded our sports partnership marketing strategy with the Invisalign brand named the official smile partner of the Golden State Warriors. As part of the agreement with the 6x NBA Champion Golden State Warriors, the Invisalign brand also is the official smile partner of the Santa Cruz Warriors, the Golden State's G League affiliate, and the Golden Guardians, its e-sport affiliate. The sponsorship includes an omnichannel activation across TV, digital media, social, a jersey partnership with the Golden Guardians and the Santa Cruz Warriors. 
Finally, on the consumer marketing front, we also launched our first ever social purpose initiative in Q1 called Invisalign ChangeMakers, an award program we developed in partnership with the National 4-H Council. This is to celebrate and highlight teens in making an impact in their communities. We were blown away by the number of recommendations and stories we received about teens, from redistributing excess food to combat hunger in their communities, to donating weighted blankets to those in the autism spectrum. Overall, it's been heartwarming to learn about each of these amazing teenagers who bring a unique approach to positively impacting their communities and following their passions to create change. 
In total, we received nearly 800 ChangeMaker (sic) [ ChangeMakers ] applications. On June 28, we will announce 100 winners, each of whom will receive $5,000 to help them continue their goodwill efforts. We'll also celebrate these young forces of change with a virtual ceremony currently slated for mid-July.
We are continuing to invest in creating consumer demand for Invisalign Aligners in markets around the world. Our global campaigns include a multichannel media strategy using digital video, social media, influencer marketing and TV. 
For our Systems and Services business, Q1 revenues were up 5.8% sequentially, reflecting slightly lower scanner volume following a record fourth quarter. This is primarily due to the seasonality of capital equipment sales at year-end and higher services revenue. On a year-over-year basis, Systems and Services revenues were up 104%, reflecting strong scanner shipments and services. 
The iTero Element 5D Imaging System continues to gain traction across all regions. Element 5D is the first integrated dental imaging system that simultaneously records 3D intra-oral optical impressions, 2D color images and Near Infrared technology (sic) [ Near Infrared Images ] or NIRI technology. Full arch scans can be completed in as little as 60 seconds, and NIRI technology scans the structure of the tooth in real-time without harmful radiation, acting as digital aid for detection of interproximal caries, or cavities, above the gingiva line. 
In APAC, the Element Flex is doing well with its wand-only configuration that provides needed mobility so doctors can see patients anywhere they choose and also or perform full arch scans in even the smallest office. 
During the quarter, we announced availability of the iTero Element Plus series, which expands the iTero portfolio to serve a broad range of the dental market. The new Element Plus series offers faster processing time, advanced visualization capabilities for a seamless scanning experience in a new sleek ergonomically-designed package. It's also engineered with the latest computing power, a dedicated AI chip and new AI-based features as well as an easy upgrade path for future innovation. 
In terms of digital scans used for Invisalign case submissions in Q1, total digital scans increased to 80.9% from 75.8% in Q1 last year. International scans increased to 75.1%, up from 68.7% in the same quarter last year. For the Americas, 85.5% of the cases submitted digitally compared to 80.5% a year ago. Cumulatively, over 35.4 million orthodontic scans and 7.5 million restorative scans have been performed with iTero scanners. 
Turning to exocad. A year ago in April, we welcomed exocad into the Align family. I want to thank the entire team for their continued progress on integration and road map development. Together, we are working to extend exocad's position as a key technology provider for the dental CAD/CAM industry and to drive continuous innovation with the open and integrated approach that is the foundation of exocad. 
During Q1, the new release of exocad's DentalCAD 3D (sic) [ DentalCAD3.0 ] Galway was successfully rolled out globally with very positive customer feedback. A record number of over 70,000 verified prosthetic components were created in DentalCAD Galway, one of the largest prosthetic libraries in the industry. 
exocad also reached a new milestone for the exoplan database, which now supports nearly 10,000 implants from over 90 manufacturers. The new release also includes a unique and highly innovative DentalCAD feature, Instant Anatomic Morphing, that reduces design time by up to 30% compared to previous version. It also includes new AI technology for exocad's Smile Creator, which enables time-saving automatic detection of facial features. 
In addition, the new MyiTero Connector was launched directly to exocad labs. The MyiTero Connector creates an easy and integrated way to receive intra-oral scan cases from thousands of iTero doctors worldwide. New cases are downloaded automatically and will show up directly in the DentalDB case list. 
exocad also co-hosted a joint dentistry event in the U.K. to showcase full workflow with chairside (sic) [ ChairsideCAD ] titled Digital Dentistry Hands On. The virtual roadshow aimed at general dentists showcases a full digital workflow for the clinical environment with ChairsideCAD, exocad's complete open architecture CAD software platform for single-visit dentistry. Hosted by Dr. Gulshan Murgai, the participants of the roadshow series learn how to use the software for single-visit restorations and implant planning in the dental practice along the entire digital dentistry workflow. 
These are just a few milestones, and we're excited about the opportunities ahead to shape the dental industry with technology and expertise that benefits all customers, labs, partners and users. We look forward to sharing more about ongoing exocad developments. 
With that, I'll now turn it over to John.

Thanks, John. 
In summary, we're very pleased with the first quarter results of 2021. Our strong growth and continued momentum reflect our strategic initiatives and investments, including support for doctors to ensure treatment and business continuity, ramping availability of virtual tools to keep doctors and patients connected throughout treatment and increased consumer marketing and concierge programs. The benefits of digital treatment and digital tools and the limitations of outdated old analog approaches continue to drive adoption of Invisalign Clear Aligners and iTero scanners and services. 
Over the past year, more doctors have experienced Align's digital platform, which made it possible for thousands of Invisalign practices and patients to continue treatments throughout global disruption, thanks to Invisalign aligners, digital treatment planning, virtual monitoring and care as well as iTero scanners. 
But the shift from traditional analog wires and brackets to a fully end-to-end digital platform is not easy, cannot be done without very complex technology. And this technology is prevalent, touching every aspect of what we do from manufacturing excellence where we currently manufacture over 700,000 unique aligners per day, to expanding our geographic footprint to over 100 markets, to building a network of over 200,000 trained Invisalign doctors and providing the technology to our doctors in a complete digital system, the Aligned digital platform. 
As the market leader in the clear aligner space, we have been building this industry over 24 years to get to where it is today and yet the majority of the market opportunity remains largely untapped. With over 500 million potential case starts globally, Align is in a rare position to address this market with the Align Digital Platform, powered by 2 decades of clinical data based on more than 10.2 million patients with AI machine learning and digital tools to help our doctors efficiently communicate with their patients, show and explain any issues and visualize potential treatment outcomes. And together with doctors, we're going to leverage the power of digital dentistry and orthodontics more than ever. 
We remain focused on our strategic execution, agility, customer service excellence and continuing to make investments to grow our business to drive utilization of the Invisalign system, ultimately returning value to our shareholders. This is the multi-variable equation that we talk about and there's no other company in the market today that has all these capabilities combined. 
Finally, throughout the pandemic, our priority has been the health and safety of our employees and their families and our doctor customers and their staff, and that has not changed. We remain dedicated to their well-being, and I want to reiterate our commitment to all Invisalign practices and our employees around the world, especially those in areas recently affected by a surge in COVID-19: India, Brazil, France, Poland, Ukraine, Mexico, Thailand and Japan. We are continuing to monitor the situations and are providing support and resources to those impacted employees. 
Thanks for your time today. I look forward to updating you on our progress as the year unfolds. Now I'll turn the call back over to the operator.

All right. Nathan, we're obviously optimistic. I mean, given the guidance we had today and the strong first quarter results, we really feel good about where we are. The great thing about this growth is it's been broad and deep, okay? It is across every region. We see it whether it's in APAC, or whether it's EMEA, whether it's in the Americas overall. And then across the GP spectrum, across the ortho spectrum, too, it's been terrific. And it's also up and down. That's why we're giving you comprehensive, noncomprehensive now, all different kinds of cases. 
So we just feel great about the demand patterns, the depth and breadth of this rebound and that's why we have some clarity now. We decided to give guidance, and we're excited about this year and going forward. John, any thoughts on it?

And Nate, I think you know the margin on those products also. So there's not -- this is not like a margin split. I mean, you still have higher margins on the less than comprehensive product line, too. So it's a good mix.

No, Elizabeth, actually, we do, we can. We bring the entire Align digital platform together with iTero, the different -- some DSOs want to approach this thing from a comprehensive standpoint, some want noncomprehensive. So we just basically gear our digital platform and our product line based on what a DSO wants to do and what they want to accomplish, and not just in the U.S. but really all over the world.

Jon, first of all, I mean, EMEA was amazing in that way, but I wouldn't let it eclipse APAC, right? We feel really good about APAC across the board. China, obviously, being a big area, the sequential growth of China. When you look at fourth quarter versus first quarter, it's right in that 7%, 7.5% range like the entire business is. And then obviously, APAC is extremely diverse, but from Japan, ANZ, those key areas that we have in APAC, it's really strong growth. 
So I really feel great about APAC. It's just there's somewhat of an eclipse right now because EMEA was extremely strong. But you shouldn't let yourself think in any way that, that means APAC was weak in some way. We feel good about APAC as we go into the first quarter and the whole year.

Yes, John. John, first of all, it's the breadth of this growth, right? It's not like it's a singular region like we just talked about with EMEA and APAC and how strong the Americas is. We're seeing great uptake in the GP side. We see terrific growth there, the orthodontic side. You see our team numbers are good and respectable. We're moving in the teen season. 
So what we feel good about is just the breadth and depth of this business. It's not just leaning on 1 or 2 legs from a strategy standpoint, it really is well positioned going forward. We hear the same thing about demand pull-forward or whatever. We -- doctors aren't talking like that. Remember, the questions back in the third quarter, fourth quarter was backlog, right? How much of this was backlog that wasn't consummated in second quarter, early third quarter. And we got way past that. Obviously, we got into the fourth quarter, whatever. 
So I think we're just seeing a realization in the adult and the teen market of what digital orthodontics can do. And our company is very well positioned to take advantage of that when you look throughout the world. John, anything to add?

Well, I think we have a strategy really based on every region because the teen season is different by region from a calendar standpoint. And doctors apply our technology in different ways with teens. But let's just take U.S. and Canada for a second. 
Obviously, in the second quarter, beginning of third quarter, those are the really strong areas where you'll see our advertising program really kick in, in a big way. We talked about the Teen Awesomeness Centers that we put in place. That's with making sure that we have doctors that are really well-equipped to handle teens, and we direct the leads to that teams with confidence that they can be serviced properly. 
Overseas, we understand what those timing are for the teens also, and we put those programs together, too. Honestly, Kevin, we have a great portfolio, right? And we can go across teens in a lot of different ways, all the way from 6 year olds, to really older teens when you get to 16 to 19 years old, and the tooth movements associated with those 2. So it's just having those doctors ready. It's having the communications with the teens and the moms to make sure they're aware of a digital orthodontic option, and they really ask for that as they go into the doctors. And that's a strategy we apply just in different ways and different seasons around the world, but it specifically applies to teens.

We do a lot of work on this, just figuring out what channels, what kind of return we get by channel, how much you put in social media, sports team, how much do you put in television. But overall, John and I expect a certain return, and we know what those returns are by region. We invest a dollar here, we know what we get back. 
I don't necessarily want to convey exactly what those returns are but we make sure they're positive. And you've seen us increase our advertising pretty dramatically outside the United States. The response for that has been really good. And obviously, we use a lot of what we learned here in North America to apply that around the world. 
So Invisalign is an incredibly well-known brand, not just in North America, but all around the world. And being to leverage that and having that as kind of a common name around the world, it's very helpful for us in the sense of driving volumes, giving doctors confidence and patients confidence, too. 
So we really feel good about our investments. And obviously, we balance that well with increased salespeople, with technology investments, all the things you have to do when you run a business like this, but it is something that obviously gains a lot of attention and a lot of analysis from us.

Yes, Ravi, it's a good question. Look, remember, we have -- we've done, what, we said 10.2 million cases. And through those 10.2 million cases, we've learned a lot, and we learn more every day. And we run AI and machine learning across those cases. And that's how we just launched GA, as we understood and [ defined ] cases. We have some issues with posterior open bite and different clinical kind of issues that would bore you to death, but we understand based on millions of cases that we have done, which is the best way to move those teeth to ensure that they end up in the right positions with the right smile at -- obviously, you want to do this as quickly as you possibly can because patients don't want to be in treatment over 5 years. 
So I feel we have an incredible advantage. You look at SmartTrack, you look at how we initiate that with over 4 million lines of codes that we have in ClinCheck. You look at the accuracy of iTero in the sense of transferring information through over to our manufacturing facility in order to make this. It's so -- and I feel very confident about a 24-year first-mover advantage on what we've done. 
Now obviously, there's competitors out there and competitors are coming up. But a lot of them have to crawl through the friction that we did in order to learn this. And a lot of the IP that we've put down that makes us unique in the sense of how we position ourselves in the marketplace. So back to what you started with, when you do these shoot-outs and all, it's really great to sit in the audience and look at the before and after photos. I mean it's amazing. When I first joined this business, I just said, I -- hard to believe that you can do this. 
What's happening today is it's becoming more common. I mean you go all around the world. It was -- it's not 1 or 2 doctors doing this. There's hundreds, if not thousands, that are doing incredible kinds of cases. And so -- which I think that more and more, it just lends credibility to this product line. It can do what we say now 90% of all the cases that are out there. That's not just because it's plastic, right? It is the whole system from how we 3D print, what plastic we use, the algorithms we use, how we constantly tweak it by the information that we have, driving a brand like this, having the kind of training. We talked about 200,000 doctors that we've trained who've gone through these things. This takes time to do, it takes expertise. And doctors need that confidence in understanding. And we feel we can give it to them better than anyone.

You know, it just sounds like a terrible answer to you, but they're both. Really, we talk about 500 million patients out there that could use Invisalign treatment. We know that of the 15 million orthodontic cases, roughly 75% to 80% are teens -- I mean all those -- they're both huge opportunities. And there's not a difference from a technology standpoint or how you apply that technology to either of those that would make one easier to do or more beneficial than another. So honestly, both of those are great reservoirs of growth for us.

Go ahead, Jaime.

Well, we -- where you use iTero scanners, you train the doctors properly, you have the right products in a GP channel like iGo and different products like that. We get terrific uptake. I mean, you can't measure it the way you do share a chair at the orthodontic office. But we get -- our DSO business is significant now. It's meaningful that way. And it's one where that digital platform strategy, as you kind of outlined in your question, is what we employ. But again, we employ it in different ways, depending on how a DSO really wants to engage with us.

Yes. Jeff, it's a good question. It's just what we've seen. There's one definitive. If offices are shut down and patients aren't allowed to go to offices, we saw that. That happened in the second quarter, it happened all around the world. And then the term lockdown is used very loosely all around the world, what's a lockdown and what isn't. The situations like in India right now are a disaster, obviously, and people are very cautious. But the rest of the way around the world, what we see is it looks like communities and people have been able to manage this, okay? Is there any kind of a backlog of patients not going into dental offices because of that? I think in certain countries around the world, there is, but we can't really quantify that right now. And again, the breadth and depth of our demand pattern gives us confidence that we think we can predict around it.

Yes. Well, iTero's been great for us, right? You have a good services business there. We announced the Plus series iTero, which is -- Erin, it's a breakthrough. I mean, it sounds like it's a derivative as far as incremental but it is really a strong platform. We talk about the artificial intelligence we've been able to embed in that machine. We see doctors, both on the GP side and the orthodontic side, really excited about it. This is not a promotional discussion in a sense of when you ask your question about how to promote it. There's nothing tricky there. What we do is we have a broad number of products. You have the NIRI product plus, which is the very high end of the product line. Then you have a flex system, which I mentioned in my opening, which is basically a wand itself and it's used with the -- a normal kind of a computer that's adapted to that. And it helps to get flexibility in the sense of what a customer wants to use or a doctor wants to use on both ends. 
So I feel it's like how we take this to market, the different products that we have and the different way that we segment that is -- and then, obviously, if you want to do Invisalign, this is the front end, the key end of our digital platform and that's very attractive to both GPs and orthos that really want to do Invisalign. They know that iTero is critical for that.

It's not a great answer for us, John, it's yes and no, okay? Depending on the severity and where it is, I can say yes. For the most part, we say no. And that's after the second quarter when, again, the definitive piece, if you shut offices down and you won't let patients in there, we're going to have an issue. But actually, after the second quarter, early third quarter, we've been dealing with lockdowns that are basically lockdowns of time frame, lockdowns of where people can travel, but not specific lockdowns of doctor offices. If the market stays away from that, we feel we're pretty good.