Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some highlights from the fourth quarter, then briefly discuss the performance of our 2 operating segments, Services Systems and Clear Aligners. John will provide more detail on our financial results and discuss our outlook. Following that, I'll come back, summarize a few key points and open the call to questions.
Overall, I'm very pleased to report fourth quarter results and another record year -- full year for Align. Net revenues of $4 billion and operating margin of 24.7% were both at the high end of our guidance for fiscal 2021. For Systems and Services, full year revenues increased 90.4% over the prior year to a record $705.5 million. For Clear Aligners, full year revenues increased 54.5% over the prior year to a record $3.2 billion.
During 2021, we achieved several major installed base milestones, including our 12 millionth Invisalign patient, 68,000 iTero scanners sold and 47,000 exocad software license install. Together, these elements are the foundation of the Align Digital Platform, proprietary combination of software, systems and services designed to provide a seamless experience and workflow that integrates and connects all users, doctors, labs, patients and consumers.
For Q4, revenues reflect continued strong growth and momentum from iTero scanner services revenues, particularly in North America, offset by lower-than-expected Invisalign Clear Aligner revenues. Through most of the fourth quarter, our Clear Aligner volumes were trending in line with our Q4 seasonality. However, the environment quickly changed in December with the rise of COVID-19 Omicron variant. We believe our Q4 Clear Aligner volumes were impacted by an increase in COVID-19 Omicron cases that caused customer lab shortages from a staff standpoint, practice closures or reduced hours and less patient traffic in December, and that continued into Q1.
This compounded an already slower seasonal period for many practices in which offices took time off in between the holidays. We estimate that our Q4 was negatively impacted by roughly 3 points of year-over-year revenue growth as a result of these factors.
While there are some similarities to what we experienced 2 years ago when COVID-19 first appeared, especially in China, which currently has a 0 tolerance COVID policy, the environment today is different. There aren't broad government-mandated shutdowns, stay-at-home orders or extended quarantines, but there is more consumer caution, self-imposed quarantines, higher inflation, less economic stimulus and supply chain shortages, which makes it more difficult to predict when recovery may occur. Nonetheless, Invisalign doctor submitters and case submissions are improving. We're working closely with our customers to support their needs and protect the health and safety of our employees.
For Q4, Systems and Services revenues were up 61.3% year-over-year and up 21% sequentially, with strong revenue growth across all regions. Q4 results reflect the continued adoption of the iTero Element 5D Plus imaging system, which we launched last year and that features innovative technology like near-infrared technology which aids in the detection and monitoring of interproximal caries lesions or cavities above the gingiva without harmful radiation. The iTero Element 5D Plus imaging system represents 75% of iTero volumes in Q4.
In addition, over 50% of iTero scanner sales in Q4 were sold to first-time scanner buyers who are just beginning their Align Digital Platform journey. We also continue to see growth in our iTero scanner installed base with strong service revenues, which historically have been a leading indicator of increased digital adoption amongst doctors.
For Q4, Clear Aligner revenues were up 16.3% year-over-year with strong revenue growth across all regions and across the portfolio, including comprehensive and noncomprehensive products as well as Invisalign First, Invisalign Moderate and Invisalign Go products.
Our fourth quarter revenues also include non-case revenue for clinical training and education, doctor prescribed retainer products and other dental consumables. During the quarter, we saw good performance from our retainer business overall, delivering strong revenue growth, along with increased enthusiasm for the doctor subscription program pilot in North America.
As we mentioned last quarter, our share of the retention market is significantly under-penetrated, even more so than our share of the orthodontic case starts. We have been developing a robust retainer strategy, including a separate marketing team focused solely on driving adoption and increasing market share in the U.S.
Our objective is to build brand awareness for Vivera retainers and drive engagement with doctors through clinical education and sales initiatives while connecting consumers to doctors through demand creation programs and our concierge service. We've also recently implemented social media campaigns featuring the benefit of Vivera from the makers of Invisalign Clear Aligners. We believe that incremental investments will increase value for Invisalign practices and contribute to growth consistent with our long-term financial model target.
Q4 non-case revenues also include accessories and consumables such as Aligner cases, clamshells, cleaning crystals, Invisalign Whitening Pen and other oral health products that are available on our e-commerce channel, including the Invisalign accessory store, Walmart.com and Amazon.com. We view these ancillary products as a natural brand extension, enabling patient and doctor behavior with the power of the Invisalign brand.
Our full year results reflect continued adoption and demand for both the Invisalign system and iTero systems and services and exocad CAD/CAM software as more doctors transform their practices to digital and more consumers seek to transform their smiles through doctor-directed Invisalign treatment.
Now let's turn to the specifics around our fourth quarter results, starting with the Americas. For the Americas region, full year 2021 Invisalign case volumes were up 57.6%. For Q4, Invisalign case volumes were up 11.5% year-over-year, reflecting growth across the region, especially in LatAm. On a sequential basis, Americas shipments were down 7.9%, primarily reflecting the impact of Omicron previously described as well as a seasonally slower teen season from Q3 to Q4. We also saw higher GP and adult case volume and continued momentum from our doctor subscription plan pilot.
In Q4, we pledged a $1 million donation to the American Association of Orthodontists Foundation, the charitable arm of the American Association of Orthodontists in support of the science of orthodontics. We're also investing in education grants, programs to provide universities with greater access to all Align products for education and training purposes. Through these programs, our partnership with the Aligner Intensive Fellowship and the other in-person educational programs, we are investing in the orthodontic profession through the people who care for and treat patients directly.
For Systems and Services, Q4 was a strong quarter for Americas, driven by continued adoption of iTero 5D Plus imaging system across customer channels, including our DSO partners. Services revenues continue to grow nicely, reflecting the growth of the iTero scanner installed base in North America.
For the full year, international Invisalign case volume was up 51.6%. For our international business, Q4 Invisalign case volumes were up 10.7% year-over-year on tough comps compared to 2020. On a sequential basis, international shipments were up 1.7%. Notwithstanding the impact of Omicron in December, we still saw strong growth in EMEA, offset somewhat by a seasonally slower period primarily in China.
For the full year, EMEA Invisalign volume was up 69.5%. For EMEA, Q4 Invisalign case volumes were up 14.9% year-over-year, with broad-based growth across all markets, led by Italy and Iberia, along with continued growth in our expansion markets in Turkey, Russia, CIS and Benelux. For Q4, year-over-year Invisalign case volume in EMEA was driven by increased submissions primarily from the orthodontist channel. On a sequential basis, despite the impact of Omicron, EMEA Invisalign case volume was up 13.6%, primarily as a result of strong ortho channel performance, especially in the teen market.
During Q4, we began commercial operation in Africa, with our initial focus on North Africa and then plan to enter Sub-Sahara Africa and South Africa this year, further broadening our expansion markets in EMEA. It's exciting opportunity for Align in this untapped and expanding totally addressable market. We're also making great progress on building our Europe and manufacturing facility in Wroclaw, Poland, which will be our third global Aligner manufacturing operation.
The Europe manufacturing facility is on track to go live during the first half of 2022, further increasing our ability to efficiently provide the Invisalign system to our valued doctor customers within the European region. For Q4, we saw strong scanner shipments during the quarter as more doctors in the EMEA region continue to digitize their practices.
Through a full year APAC, Invisalign case volume was up 27.1%. For Q4, APAC Invisalign case volumes led by Japan, Korea and India were up 3.4% year-over-year on tough comps despite continued COVID resurgences and lockdown sporadically impacting various APAC countries, including China. We also saw strength in the GP dentist channel with increased Invisalign submitters and in the teen market with increased submissions from the orthodontic channel.
On a sequential basis, APAC was down 15.4%, notwithstanding the impact of Omicron in December and Q4 seasonality in China. We had strong growth in Thailand, Southeast Asia, Taiwan. Overall, it was encouraging to see record numbers of shipments to those markets in APAC that were not as impacted by the most severe lockdowns. In Q4, Systems and Services in APAC saw the highest percentage of iTero scanners sold to new doctors.
Today, we announced new Invisalign systems innovations for the Align Digital Platform, a proprietary combination of software, systems and services designed to provide a seamless experience and workflow that integrates and connects all users, doctors, labs, patients and consumers.  These new innovations include ClinCheck Live Update for 3D controls; the Invisalign Practice App; Invisalign Personalized Plan, or IPP; and the Invisalign Smile Architect.
We believe they will revolutionize digital treatment planning for orthodontics and restorative dentistry by providing doctors with greater flexibility, consistency of treatment preferences and real-time treatment planning access and modification capabilities. Each of these innovations is designed to enhance Invisalign treatment planning quality, efficiency and scale and contribute to better doctor-patient engagement and treatment outcomes.
ClinCheck Live Update for 3D controls enables real-time ClinCheck treatment plan modifications that improve practice productivity significantly while also improving quality of treatment plans. Invisalign Practice App provides mobile integration with the Invisalign Doctor Site or IDS. It enables doctors to manage their practices at their fingertips.
Invisalign's Personal (sic) [ Personalized ] Plan, or IPP, automatically applies a doctor's specific treatment preferences for comprehensive cases, enhancing efficiency and step-changing treatment planning consistency. Invisalign Smile Architect software is designed for GP dentists to create and visualize orthodontic restorative treatment plans for their patients using iTero digital scans and wide smile photos on the Invisalign Go platform. The technical design assessment go-to-market is scheduled for Q4 '22.
We know that every Invisalign trained doctor has distinct preferences. Every patient is unique, and every treatment plan can vary depending on a variety of factors such as the type of malocclusion, patient age and desired outcome. Because of that, doctors spend time planning, reviewing and modifying their ClinCheck plans, and it multiplies with practice growth. IPP and ClinCheck Live Update for 3D controls are game-changing innovations that represent a step-change in digital treatment planning to help doctors achieve more personalized ClinCheck treatment plans. By using 3D controls, doctors can see greater efficiency with changes reflected in real time. 
Invisalign Smile Architect combines basically driven in ortho restorative treatment planning within the power of ClinCheck software, providing flexibility across treatment planning to address a variety of patient needs, whether it may be orthodontic, restorative or ortho restorative combined. It allows doctors to share their vision with patients and use digital technology and tools to achieve the best quality clinical outcomes for their patients.
It's through the convergence of advancements in digital technology, Align's unique capabilities and know-how and data from millions of Invisalign patients that we're able to bring these new Invisalign innovations to our customers this year. The journey to deliver a ClinCheck live update in Invisalign Personal (sic) [ Personalized ] Plan has taken thousands of combined person years of development, testing and learning. It is only possible through the experience, data and insights we have gained from over 12 million Invisalign cases.
Across our innovations, we're also using a combination of AI and automation to reimagine what the treatment planning experience looks like for our doctors, doctor customers and augmenting their expertise and experience to help them create and personalize and modify Invisalign treatment plans more efficiently and more consistently than ever before. What used to take several days can now be accomplished in just a few minutes. And it's a huge productivity win for doctors and their patients.
Our consumer marketing is focused on educating consumers about the Invisalign system and driving that demand to Invisalign doctors' offices, ultimately capitalizing on the massive market opportunity to transform 500 million smiles. Consumer interest in the Invisalign brand remains high, and we are continuing to invest in building the brand in key markets and customer segments. This includes investments in social media as an effective channel to increase awareness and interest for Invisalign treatment. We're continuing to work closely with our media partners to reach consumers with the right creative and compelling campaigns, optimize our buys and test new approaches.
In Q4, we continued to build on our successful "Invis is" multimedia campaign across the Americas, EMEA and APAC and drove awareness and interest in Invisalign treatment with adult, teen and parent consumer segments. Globally, we delivered record impression volume with over 8 billion impressions, representing 84% year-over-year growth; and 21.7 million unique visitors to our website, a 127% increase year-over-year.
In the U.S., we amplified our campaigns across the top social media platforms such as TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram and YouTube to increase awareness with teens about Invisalign treatment. Our campaigns continue to feature some of the largest teen influencers from our Invisalign Smile Squad, such as Collins and Devan Key, Charli D'Amelio and Michael Le, each of whom share their personal experiences with Invisalign treatment and why they chose to transform their smiles with Invisalign aligners.
Our consumer marketing programs also include connecting with teams within gaming, specifically on Twitch, with a customized integration that was awarded the gold medal in the Annual Internationalist Awards for Innovation in digital Marketing Solutions (sic) [ Annual Internationalist Awards for Innovative Digital Marketing Solutions ].
To continue growing our young adult business across the Americas, EMEA and APAC, we built upon our successful "Invis is a Powerful Thing" campaign, which highlights the power of Invisalign treatment transformation for every young adult's self-confidence. Our integrated media plans across YouTube, Snapchat, Instagram, Facebook and TikTok connected with young adults in the media channels they consume the most. In Brazil, we continue to amplify our "Invis is a Powerful Thing" campaign, featuring mega influencer, Taís Araujo, driving a 400% year-over-year increase in web traffic.
In the EMEA region, we successfully expanded into new markets such as Italy and the Netherlands. To complement our integrated media plan with Google and YouTube, we also leveraged newer media channels such as TikTok and Snapchat to drive engagement with consumers, resulting in more than 170% year-over-year increase in unique visitors. We continue to expand our investment in consumer advertising across the APAC region, resulting in a 192% year-over-year increase in unique visitors and a 235% year-over-year increase in impressions.
We continue to strengthen our investments in Australia, leveraging leading influencers featured in premium placements in TikTok and also YouTube. In Japan, we continue to see strong response from consumers, as evidenced by 117% year-over-year increase in unique visitors. Lastly, we expanded our advertising investments in India and Taiwan, which generated a strong consumer response. We saw 1,200% and 628% increase in impressions and a 470% and 116% increase in unique visitors to our website in India and Taiwan, respectively.
Adoption of our consumer and patient app, My Invisalign, continues to increase with 1.4 million downloads to date. Usage of our 4 digital tools continues to increase. For example, in addition to My Invisalign just mentioned, the Invisalign Virtual Appointment tool was used over 14,000 times, and our insurance verification feature was used 24,000 times in Q4. Further, globally, we received more than 45,000 patient photos in our Virtual Care feature globally, which continues to provide us with rich data to leverage our AI capabilities and improve our services for doctors and patients.
Our Systems and Services business, Q4 revenues grew 61.3% year-over-year, reflecting strong scanner shipments and services up 21% sequentially. This is the sixth consecutive quarter of sequential revenue growth for our Systems and Services business. And I as mentioned earlier, over 50% of scanner sales in Q4 went to first-time iTero scanner buyers. We're pleased to see doctors continue to go digital and invest in the Align Digital Platform.
The iTero Element 5D Plus imaging system continued to gain traction across all regions, with the most recent launch in China during Q4. The series expands the portfolio of iTero Element scanners and imaging systems to include new solutions that more broadly serve the needs of doctors and patients in the dental market.
A strong indicator of digital acceleration within the dental offices is the number of intraoral digital scans used for Invisalign case submissions. Total worldwide intraoral digital scans submitted to start an Invisalign case in Q4 increased to 85.4% from 79.3% in Q4 last year. International intraoral digital scans for Invisalign case submissions increased 80.8%, up from 73.7% in the same quarter last year. For the Americas, 89.1% of the Invisalign cases were submitted using an intraoral digital scan compared to 84% in the same quarter last year. Cumulatively, over 50 million orthodontic scans and 10.3 million restorative scans have been performed with iTero scanners.
With the continued growth of the iTero scanner at 68,000 scanners sold worldwide as of Q4, approximately 30% is services revenue, which includes reoccurring revenue subscriptions, CAD/CAM software and ancillary products. And we continue to make improvements in our scanner and imaging systems, making iTero systems and service an integral part of orthodontic and GP dentist workflow. For example, we streamlined the Invisalign case submission process with the iTero Element 5D imaging systems auto-upload functionality.
Turning to exocad. For Q4 Systems and Services, revenues also include exocad CAD/CAM products and services. exocad's expertise in restorative dentistry, implantology, guided surgery and smile design extends our digital dental solutions and broadens Align Digital Platform towards a fully integrated interdisciplinary end-to-end workflows.
Cumulatively, as of Q4, exocad now has over 47,000 software license worldwide. During the quarter, exocad announced the release of ChairsideCAD 3.0 Galway. It's a next generation of easy-to-use CAD software for single-visit dentistry. With this new release, exocad offers dentists design tools for a vast range of indications with a wide choice of integrated devices.
Also during the quarter, exocad announced the availability of ChairsideCAD 3.0 Galway software in the U.S. and Canada, where the software is now available in North America, EU and other selected markets. exocad's ChairsideCAD is groundbreaking open architecture CAD software for single-visit dentistry. It received the 2021 Cellerant Best of Class Technology Award from Cellerant Consulting Group during the quarter as well. This is the third consecutive year that ChairsideCAD has been recognized for this award.
With that, I'll now turn this over to John.

Thanks, John. Overall, despite the disruption from the Omicron in December, we delivered a record year with strong revenue growth and operating margin, in line with our guidance for the full year on top of a record Q4 and 2020 a year ago.
As we look back, I wanted to take a moment to recognize our accomplishments and thank our employees and our customers for another remarkable year. In the face of ongoing challenges related to COVID-19 and economic uncertainty, we remain steadfast in our commitment to our employees, customers and the focused execution of our strategic initiatives. And our customers remain confident in our ability to support them.
Operating in this environment has not been easy, but after 2 years of navigating uncharted waters, the Align team is more agile and resilient than ever. In 2021, we met our goals and achieved numerous milestones. Globally, we delivered across each of our strategic priorities, which are highlighted in our Q4 '21 webcast slides. Our performance over the last year reaffirms the incredible size of our target market and demonstrates that our strategy and investment in recent years are validated by the trust and faith our customers place in us.
In 2022, we must continue to extend our leadership in digital orthodontics and restorative dentistry through relentless execution of our strategic initiatives, focusing on expanding our commercial, manufacturing, R&D, clinical, treatment planning and manufacturing operations and building our quality and regulatory muscle globally in existing and emerging markets, reaching millions of consumers who want to transform their smiles using the most advanced Clear Aligner systems in the world through the right investments in advertising, PR, digital, social media and influencer marketing to drive demand and conversion through Invisalign trained doctors.
Invisalign ortho adoption and teen utilization of Invisalign treatment and training and educating GP dentists on how the iTero Element family of intraoral scanners and imaging systems can propel today's dental practice into the future by enhancing patient experience and elevating clinical precision and on the benefits of digital dentistry with the Invisalign system trusted by more than 12 million people worldwide to transform smiles.
We remain mindful of the ongoing uncertainty surrounding COVID-19 and the challenges that go with it. While there is still uncertainty, it has become increasingly clear over the last year, with the first spread of the Delta variant and now Omicron, that COVID-19 may never fully go away and may be a virus that persists in one variant form or another for the foreseeable future. And like other viruses, new or different vaccines will be needed and new therapies will be developed to minimize the impact and treat COVID-19 more effectively in our most vulnerable populations.
The reality of living with COVID is one of the government's businesses and communities all over the world are beginning to acknowledge and move towards. At Align, we will do the same.
In closing, I'm going to share some thoughts that I expressed to our employees recently. What we learn in life, both in business and our personal lives, is that we're not fully in control of our environment and destiny. This is a fact of life that we face every day. But not being in control does not mean that we can't make good choices regardless of the situation or challenges we all face. We must look forward focused on the opportunities. Align has numerous growth drivers in a vastly under-penetrated market.
And while we continue to see some lasting impact and continued uncertainty due to COVID-19, we remain confident in both the enormous opportunity to lead the evolution of digital orthodontics and comprehensive dentistry. We never forget that digital orthodontics presents the fastest growing and largest market in the world of medical devices. We have the greatest Clear Aligner system, scanners, GP lab software in the world and the broadest and deepest digital dental platform.
We have the most recognized consumer brand in the largest direct sales force in the dental space with over 4,000 salespeople supporting over 212,000 doctors and labs and their staff who have incredible skills and dedication to their patients. We have an amazing team of employees committed to our purpose. It's a unique opportunity unlike anything I've ever seen in my career to both continue to grow Align and be part of the positively changing millions of lives by transforming their smiles.
Thank you for your time today. We look forward to speaking to you again as the year progresses. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?

Look, we saw what we talked about December, we had a rapid decrease through COVID. But what we've seen as we've gone into January is just progressive improvement. And we feel good about that. We feel it's moving in the right way. And it's in direct correlation. We track it around the country with what's going on with Omicron in certain states and certain regions. And remember, this isn't just United States. We've seen this all over the world. We see it in APAC, and we see it in Europe, too, when we track it.

No, we don't see this as a demand issue. I mean we look at the market as we always have. That's why we reasserted our 20%, 30% growth rate for this year. So this is not a demand equation issue. You'd call it a supply, but I'd call it demand from a patient standpoint. We just see it's patients and doctors in the sense of cancellations, availability and all those things that COVID has impacted around. So we remain very confident.
That's why you see us to continue to make investments, the things we announced today. We feel really good about the business. We just have to get through this first quarter and what we talked about, and we'll move on. We feel really good about it.

We understand the basis of your question, Matt. I mean that's not a problem in that sense. Look, as I mentioned before, we're really confident in demand equation in the sense of Clear Aligners and Invisalign. What we're experiencing right now is obviously somewhat of a slowdown in our order demand pattern based on what we see through the virus that's going on around the world. As soon as that clears and we see it clearing around the world, and as I mentioned, we see January improving over December, we're very confident in demand models that we've expressed for this business over the last several years.

Yes. I mean the pacing of the year -- I mean we continue to invest, as we mentioned, John mentioned, I mentioned, too, in marketing. Where we invest? We understand the returns that we get, no matter what the country is or what kind of media we use in order to go after consumers. So we've been very consistent in the sense of that investment. And we move money around based on where we see the most opportunity. John, anything to add?

John, on your other part about you have to writ the rest of the year, we understand that. I mean we've modeled it out. Remember, our comparisons are a little better second half than they were first half when you look at what we did in 2021 in the first half of the year. So look, we wouldn't make that prediction if we didn't think it was feasible based on what we've seen and what we've modeled.

Jeff, I think from a competitive standpoint, nothing has really changed. As we look out there, you can see the tech we just announced this. We move on in the sense of our capabilities, what we can do. My position has always been that competition isn't really affecting us from a price standpoint. I think you see that and what we're doing. But they do serve to help to broaden the market and increase the market and make -- and increase the awareness.
So we feel we are -- in this kind of competitive environment, we're doing well, and we lead in this sense. And there's nothing as we go into 2022 that I won't reflect on that's changed competitively than what I've seen over the last 3 years.

I mean we're -- it's Joe, Jason. I mean there's no big change in the sense of what we think the critical drivers are that we have to invest in to drive growth. Where we invest and how we invest is really important. When you look at technology, when you look at consumer pieces, however parts of those demand inflations you want to go to. But remember, there are certain ratios that we always hold to in this business is that what we invest in. And we hold ourselves accountable for those ratios and that performance from a profitability standpoint. But I can't overstate the importance of having a strong sales force.
We talked about additional salespeople we're putting in place. Our consumer brand means a lot in the sense of our growth. And that's becoming more and more sophisticated in the sense of where we spend those dollars and how we spend those dollars. But leading in technology, you have to have technology in this business. And that's why we're excited to really announce what we did today. We've been working on these programs for 3 years or more. And these are game-breakers in the sense of how you interface with a doctor and how a doctor interfaces with patients.

Over the years, Brandon, we've obviously seen that correlation, and we've communicated it to you in the sense if you sell more iTero scanners, you sell more Invisalign. And that's obviously the front end of our digital system, and it works for us really well. We just [ set aside ] the 50% because, one, you saw we had a very strong fourth quarter for iTero. And we always have strong fourth quarters. So this was exceptional in that sense.
And it was a good signal from the practices that we're dealing with that this had to do with the day-to-day flow that you see from an Invisalign patient standpoint. It had nothing to do with their enthusiasm in the sense of embracing the digital environment that we're talking about. So to see the number of sales that we had really in the last couple of weeks of the quarter, it was just a good signal for us. And we wanted to share that with you is that this market is embracing digital even when it's under pressure. And we're performing really well in that area.
As far as 50%, whatever and how -- I don't know exactly what the historical percentages are in that way. But we're -- obviously, what we're excited about is once those scanners are in place, it gives us a good foundation to sell Invisalign.