Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some highlights for the third quarter and briefly discuss the performance of our 2 operating segments, clear aligners and intra-oral scanners. John will provide more detail on our financial results and discuss our outlook for the fourth quarter. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open up the call to questions.
For Q3, I'm pleased to report revenues, volumes and earnings above our third quarter outlook, driven by better-than-expected volume across the Invisalign portfolio in Asia Pacific and Latin America, reflecting record highs for both regions and improving trends in the North American orthodontics channel. Notwithstanding EMEA summer seasonality, we saw continued adoption from teens and especially young patients using Invisalign First across the board. Q3 Invisalign volumes were up 20.7% year-over-year, driven by the growth across the product portfolio as well as the expansion of our customer base, which increased by 5,900 new Invisalign doctors for a total of 63,000 active doctors worldwide. 
The iTero scanner and services business was up 16.5% year-over-year, reflecting continued growth across each region, and down sequentially as expected coming off a record second quarter. 
Now let's turn to the specifics around our third quarter results, starting with the Americas region. For the Americas region, typical Q3 summer seasonality for adult case starts in North America was offset by the growth in North American teen market as well as the strength from Latin American orthodontists. Q3 Invisalign case volume was up 2% sequentially and 13% year-over-year on tough comps. Recall in Q3 '18, we had a teen and adult promotion that drove approximately 4 to 5 points of growth in the Americas. 
In Q3, we trained over 2,700 new doctors in the Americas region, of which nearly half were Latin American doctors. On a sequential basis, Q3 Invisalign volume growth reflects increased utilization for the Americas region overall, driven by the North American Orthos at 19.1 cases per doctor, where we saw improved momentum throughout the quarter and good growth from teens in Invisalign First patients. North American GP volume was seasonally lower in Q3, and we're seeing improving trends into fourth quarter, reflecting benefit from our investment in sales resources added at the beginning of the year. New and existing reps are continuing to ramp up, and we would expect further progress over the remainder of the year.
We also had continued strength across comprehensive and noncomprehensive products in Latin America led by Brazil. Year-over-year, Q3 Invisalign volume for the Americas region was driven by continued growth from both the Ortho and GP channels, including the DSOs. The DSO channel remains an important channel and consistently grows faster than non-DSO practices. 
For our international business, Q3 reflects increased growth in Asia Pacific, especially from our teen segment in China, partially offset by sequentially lower volume in EMEA due to the summer holidays for Invisalign practices in most European countries. On a year-over-year basis, Invisalign volume increased 32.1%, reflecting strength across our product portfolio with continued expansion of our customer base. In Q3, we changed -- we trained over 3,100 new Invisalign doctors internationally, with 60% in the Asia Pacific region. 
In EMEA, Q3 Invisalign volumes were down sequentially as expected, reflecting more pronounced seasonality in the first half of quarter and strong momentum in the back half led by Iberia and the U.K. Q3 volumes were up 29% year-over-year with broad-based growth across the Invisalign product portfolio and continued momentum from Invisalign Go treatment. 
We also continued to see strong growth across our key expansion markets as well led by Central and Eastern Europe and the Middle East and Africa. In Q3, as part of our corporate structure reorganization, we reallocated order acquisition for EMEA from the Netherlands to Poland. This site will serve as a centralized facility for order acquisition, local sales and support. In addition, this location will also offer treatment planning to support all of EMEA country markets except for Spain and Germany, where we'll continue to support their local markets. 
For APAC, Q3 Invisalign volume increased 35.1% year-over-year led by Greater China and Japan. We continue to see strong growth from GP dentist, which was up 53.2% year-over-year, especially in Japan, where adoption of Invisalign Go continues to exceed expectations. On a sequential basis, Q3 Invisalign volume for APAC reflects continued momentum in China, especially from teen cases and growth from Taiwan and Korea. We also saw increased adoption of Invisalign First in Japan and ANZ and Taiwan as well as positive results from Teen Edge professional marketing programs, which are helping to drive Invisalign growth. 
During the quarter, we opened the treatment planning facility in Yokohama, Japan, to better support Japanese doctors in local language and local time zones. APAC remains a huge growth opportunity for Align, and this investment reflects our commitment providing our customers with continued support as we grow and scale our business across the region. 
Teens and kids continue to make up the largest portion of the orthodontic market and represent a huge growth opportunity for Invisalign treatment to replace metal braces worldwide. Over the past 2 years, we introduced 2 product innovations to help doctors treat more patients in this segment. Invisalign treatment with mandibular advancement addresses roughly 45% of teen cases and is the only clear aligner to move the mandible forward while straightening teeth at the same time. Invisalign First treatment is the first clear aligner product designed with features specifically for growing patients as young as 7 years old, and Phase 1 addresses 20% of the orthodontic case starts each year. Both products have continued to grow and helped increase utilization for Invisalign treatment worldwide. 
In Q3, 130,000 teenagers and kids as young as 7 years old started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners, an increase of 31.5% year-over-year, reflecting continued adoption across all major regions, especially China. Cumulatively, nearly 2 million teens or younger patients have used Invisalign clear aligners. 
In Q3, we continue to see strong dental engagement with consumers, reaching over 4.5 million unique visitors on Invisalign websites worldwide for a total of 62 million visitors to date. Our digital approach to teen marketing continues to drive awareness and interested teenagers into Invisalign practices. Other key metrics show increased activity and engagement with the Invisalign brand and are included in our Q3 quarterly slides. 
In addition, we launched a new advertising campaign for North America at the beginning of the quarter. The North American campaign was launched across all key media channels with a reach to over 140 million consumers, combining a robust paid media strategy across prime broadcast, cable and connected TV channels with paid search and social media. While still new in the marketplace and very early in the cycle, we're seeing a positive response from doctors and consumers. In the last few weeks, all KPI metrics have shown strong momentum with more than a 50% increase in Doctor Locator searches and in leads scheduled from our Smile Concierge service. 
Finally, as many of you may have seen, we recently announced marketing relationships with several professional sports teams, including the San Francisco 49ers, the Toronto Raptors, the Carolina Hurricanes and the New England Patriots. Align is always looking for ways to evolve our brand marketing to be relevant to potential patients where they work, live and play. 
Over the last few years, many sports brands have evolved their own brand programs to engage with fans in a variety of ways and through multiple touch points. Partnering with teams who have an omnichannel approach to brand marketing and engagement gives us direct access to large, loyal fan bases and helps us reach individual consumers and whole families through a variety of existing fan platforms. With the right team partners, we can create awareness for the power of winning smiles. And as always, the goal is the same for us: to build awareness and demand for Invisalign treatment and connect engaged consumers with Invisalign doctor practices in their markets. 
For Q3, iTero scanner and services revenue was down sequentially as expected and up 16.5% year-over-year, reflecting continued growth across all regions and customer channels, including large DSOs. Year-to-date, iTero revenues were up 47.3%, reflecting continued adoption of digital dentistry. Cumulatively, over 18 million orthodontic scans and 4.3 million restorative scans have started with iTero scanners. Heartland Dental, one of our largest DSO partners, recently celebrated their millionth iTero scan, highlighting how important iTero and Invisalign workflow is in their doctor practices, which now includes 900 offices across the U.S. and is enabling them to add nearly 200,000 digital scans per month. 
Use of iTero scanners for Invisalign case submissions continues to grow and remains a positive catalyst for Invisalign utilization. For Q3, total Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scanner in the Americas increased from 78.7% to 71.9% (sic) [ to 78.7% from 71.9% ] in Q3 of last year. International scans increased 62.5%, up from 53.9% in the same quarter last year. Within the Americas, 92.9% of cases submitted by North American orthos were submitted digitally. We continue to expand the iTero portfolio to address doctors' needs and enable them to more easily adopt Invisalign treatment in their practices. 
In August, we announced the commercial availability of the iTero Element 2 scanner in China, with the first made in China iTero Element 2 produced in our manufacturing facility in Ziyang. The launch exemplifies Align's continued innovation and investment to advance digital dentistry in China. 
In September, we were -- announced a global distribution agreement for the iTero Element family of intraoral scanners with Zimmer Biomet Dental. The agreement enables us to leverage Zimmer Biomet Dental's extensive direct global sales force and network of dental clinicians and laboratories to help to further drive the penetration of iTero scanners and services in the growing digital restorative market. The collaboration also offers Zimmer Biomet Dental customers access to Invisalign clear aligners through the iTero platform to facilitate a comprehensive interdisciplinary treatment approach. 
We know that a key differentiator in the evolution to a digital practice and dental ecosystem is clinical education. Through this collaboration, the iTero scanner becomes the exclusive intraoral scanner used in the U.S. and European Zimmer Biomet Institutes, which trains thousands of doctors annually in an interactive learning environment, with the ultimate goal of improved clinical outcomes. We also joined Zimmer at the Japan Society of Oral Implantology Meeting in Japan and at the EAO in Portugal, where the iTero intraoral scanners were showcased. 
With that, I'll now turn the call over to John.

Thanks, John, and thanks for joining our call today. Overall, Q3 was a solid quarter for us across the board with increasing momentum in APAC and North America that has carried us over into Q4. As you can see from the high end of our guidance, the implied full year growth rate from Invisalign volume is 23.5%, with international growth in the mid to high 30s. 
Overall, our business remains very healthy with numerous growth drivers in a vastly underpenetrated market. We remain confident in both the enormous opportunity ahead to lead the evolution of digital orthodontics and comprehensive dentistry with our doctor customers, and in our ability to execute our strategy to increase adoption of Invisalign treatment globally. 
With that, I want to thank you again for joining the call. I look forward to seeing many of you at our upcoming financial conferences and meetings, including the Invisalign GP Summit in November in Las Vegas. Operator?

Erin, it's Joe. Yes, we're seeing, as you can tell from the statistics we just recorded, we have a real large take-up when you think about doc locator searches, which is a primary or concierge service and what they're handling. Remember, the concierge service takes those customers and then directs them directly to doctors that we have a high degree of certainty that they'll actually convert them into Invisalign. 
As we move into the fourth quarter, expect the same amount of investment. Also in the Americas too with the improvements you're seeing is also our sales force and the additions we put together. As we said at the beginning of the year, it usually takes at least 9 months, 6 to 9 months, to see some kind of traction that we're seeing with the sales force, too. So both the advertisements from a North America standpoint and the added salespeople, we think, are really contributing to that momentum we just reported.

Well, the momentum we reported in China that we -- when we had our announcement in the second quarter, continued throughout the quarter. So I think we had 26% growth in China in the second quarter. As we move into the third quarter, we're in the upper 30% range.
Overall, we're just seeing good uptake. We had a good teen season there. We've hired 40% more people in China also. It takes them a while to actually become acclimatized, be trained and have them effective in China also. So we feel good about the momentum in China. 
I think the economic situation there with reporting the slowest growth we've seen in 30 years, we know we have a headwind there because that continues, it reported in the second quarter, too. But overall, we think we've made the right adjustments and we have the right focus right now to continue some good growth there.

John, first of all, I think you picked up in your survey and other people do too when we pick it up is, I mean we see good consumer spending right now from an orthodontic standpoint. Align stands out in that spending when you look at it specifically. As far as how that's driven, obviously we've put a lot more into consumer advertising, and some of the DTC competitors have done that also. I do think that, that raises consumer brand awareness. No question. I think the consumers go to the Internet to try to answer those questions. They'll go to their doctors to try to answer those questions, too. So I can't deny, John, I think that our advertising and some competitive advertising in that sense probably does raise all boats to a certain extent.

First of all, John, I think you know that. You've been with us for a long time. We add so many GPs every year. 150,000 of them, we train significant numbers of them each year. And so you end up with a dilutive effect in that sense. So the numbers that we reported, it always is around 3.4% to 3.6% from quarter-to-quarter. But back to your question, I think the way to do this is: one, obviously, our DSO approach is a good one because as I talked about it being a force multiplier before you work with these strong DSOs, they have their own training for their groups. 
They help quantify workflow and do different things that for years in this business, I think we thought we just needed one product, but we've learned over time, like a product like iGo really isn't a product, it's a system. It's a system that really works with GPs to identify patients that qualify for this. It fits well with their workflow. It allows them to be confident when they're in front of patients that they can handle those cases, and we stand behind them. So overall, it's right products, right systems, working with DSOs that help us to become -- drive better penetration, too.

Yes, Rob, it's Joe. Yes, you're right. It's a mix shift. Remember, from a teen growth standpoint, and we're reporting really good above 30% teen growth globally, but we're still the -- our utilization rates in that marketplace are way below our clinical entitlement, I would say. Today, we can handle almost all teen cases. So with that in mind, though, it is a mix-up. It is primarily a comprehensive marketplace. It's primarily an ortho marketplace in how it works. We feel really good about our portfolio to be able to address the teen patients right now. And long term, we see that as a counterbalance on ASPs that we all think about.

Yes. I mean Jon, honestly, I mean from a comprehensive standpoint obviously still 70% of our portfolio more goes that way. But with the introduction of Lite, iGo, products like this, we made an adjustment on E5 this quarter, E7, all these other products. I mean that part of our product line has traditionally been growing faster and with the comprehensive thing is. Now it's a law of small numbers versus large numbers, but we do see increased growth in that area. 
When we look at the GP channel, we do look at the GP channel as a way to get at patients, what we call kind of a sub-acute kind of on a patient base to do that. So I mentioned iGo on the last call also as being a system that allows us to do that. Obviously, Lite does that also. So you'll see us, Jon, increasingly focused on that channel, but also think about working really closely with GPs on not just the product line, but the system itself with iTero, how to be able to do treatment planning quickly and to give the GPs confidence that when they adopt these cases, that they'll finish and they'll finish well. Those are the 3 critical variables we know we have to hit to really drive significant growth.

Kevin, Joe. On the pricing piece, yes, it's about the same. I think there's some [ nips and tucks ] on Lite versus comprehensive. But basically the same price increase globally across the board.
On the revenue growth, the seasonality of it. I think the biggest thing that you can think of, there's really a couple of trends in this business is, one, in North America, you move into the third quarter, it's teen season and GPs tend to decline. But the biggest mix is in Europe, where you basically go down for vacation, I mean lights go out for us for a long period of time, and then obviously come back in September. And then you got China on the other side that kind of compensates for that in the past. So those are the big, I would say, countercyclical or cyclical movements that we have in the business.

Richard, on the -- with that comment I made last quarter had to do with doctor-directed to DYI model and primarily North America and some kind of young adult segments. We actually saw that stabilize and actually start to improve in the third quarter from an order end point. So actually saw good momentum in the right direction there.

No. Actually, I'd say both. I mean the traditional competitors that are out there, we acknowledged them last quarter, which we thought we had to, but there's no fundamental change in that, what we saw in the second quarter versus what we saw in the third quarter.

Rich, I'll keep my comments kind of in this year. But I'd say, what China shaped up to be is pretty much what we called in the second quarter. We said the teen season is going to come in China. We thought that would be a lift. We've hired the salespeople. We're looking for that to take hold and be able to move the business forward. And so to say we have better visibility, I think we have the same visibility that we had quarter-to-quarter. Actually, from an execution standpoint, I just think the steps that we've taken with some of the pressure on consumer demand that we reported in the second quarter, the operational steps that we took in China on the ground, we're seeing a good result for it and we feel good about it.

Brandon, on the 5D scanner, the FDA is the FDA, and we feel confident we'll get through here. Early part of next year would be the -- my best forecast in that sense. I could tell you, from a 5D standpoint, the uptick around the world has been good. The [ carries ] detection piece to be able to see cracks or deterioration in teeth has been terrific. And so it's really been a changing aspect to the clinical GP practice to be able to see [ carries] in a way that you really can't see them without a near infrared technology. So we're actually really excited about that. And we're excited to get it into North America.

Jeff, obviously, we feel -- we think we did well in the third quarter in China. Some of it was obviously the teen season. But actually, we had some pretty good adult growth, too. We're moving out of teen season there. As we talked about, the momentum going into the fourth quarter has been good there, too. As far as the baseline, Jeff, goes or whatever, hey, China is a growth market for us. We wouldn't be putting manufacturing in over there. We wouldn't be putting treatment planning, we wouldn't make the investments we're making, unless we feel that China is going to continue to be the second largest market that we're growing with. So I think that's the way you have to think about it going forward. 
What is it, Jeff?

She's upset about that with Wisconsin loss too, Jeff.

Jeff, I -- first of all, when we think about things that you're talking about, having a doctor in the center of this thing, having an X-ray, you're moving teeth through bone, people think that -- I think majority of people or patients out there think that teeth just hang from gums. They don't actually understand that the teeth are boned in. And actually seeing what's going on in the bone is a pretty good indicator if you should go through orthodontic treatment or not. 
But with that said, with the GPs, I talked about in previous caller is the iGo product really is the best platform that we have right now in the sense of how to really educate doctors to go after these patients. And what I'm hearing more and more from GPs is they're having more and more of a dialogue with their patients. Their patients are coming in, they're asking questions now. They're saying, "Hey, what does this mean? What can you do for me? What's your price point for being able to straighten my six anterior teeth?" And we are trying to give them as many tools as we possibly can as far as workflow tools, which we have with iTero and iGo, and then products that they can really have a lot of confidence in. 
So I would say our initial push on that in United States has been improving significantly. You'll see it at the GP Summit, what we're rolling out and the kind of focus areas we have around that. But obviously, we'll have a very strong focus in that area, Jeff.

Matt (sic) [ Drew ], it's Joe. On the Zimmer, we're really pleased to have them as partners. When you look at the history of that company from an implant standpoint, they're one of the leaders out there. They actually needed a digital front end, and that's what iTero really supply to them. 
When you look at our product line in conjunction with that, when you look at modern kind of treatments like that, implantology, is there's often a lot of space creation that has to take place in the sense of if a tooth is out of a mouth for a period of time, your teeth start to move over to fill that space. And more and more dentists do not want to remove enamel to put that implant in. So using aligners to be able to separate those teeth and allow an implant to be able to be a lot less invasive than it would be if you didn't account for that spacing. 
So overall, we're excited about it. I mean they're obviously strong all over the world. They complement us in so many places, including China. And so we're really excited about having a partnership, and we think we're starting off pretty well in the sense of the training and all that we reported.

Steve, on the variables of improvement, unfortunately, we're a multivariable equation when you get to aligners. Things are sold in binary here. But I think you do add a point to the 2 big ones, which would be just an increase in consumer focus and then the sales force that we put in place. That's -- our GP effort, we're just really moving into that too and we're arranging that properly also. But those efforts, we think, are contributing also. But I'd say it's a mix of those 3 variables. I can't weigh them for you, really.

No, we don't want to give any color on that one. Right now, it's just -- I'd say you have to look at it as we're driving penetration there, and we're training a lot of doctors as we ramp up in China.

Michael, it's Joe. On the ASP piece, obviously we raised price. John talked about it, some of the exchange aspect, whatever. But I think one thing I want the analysts who follow us to remember, like we said before, ASPs will fluctuate. But sometimes, our ASP is going down meaning our gross margins go up. Our lower-end products actually have a higher gross margin than our comprehensive product line. I know it's counterintuitive, but that's actually how it works. 
So I mean I think, keep that in mind going forward. If you see some of that lumpiness from an ASP standpoint start heading down, don't take as a trajectory for lower gross margin. It's just those 2 are separate that way. And John, do you want to add anything on your end?

Yes, it's Joe again. Look, what we did in EMEA, which was fortuitous in a sense, about 3 years ago, we began to decentralize. We had a really big headquarters staff out of the Netherlands. It dictated a lot of what the regions did and had to do that because it's a relatively small business back then, and we needed to keep specialization at headquarters. 
Over the last 3 years, we really moved that out into the countries, moved it into France and Spain and Germany and different areas. And so we really embedded in those countries some real talent that I feel has good continuity will take them through. Now there's some overall headquarters talent that we don't want to lose that we're working hard to save, but I don't see it being a big, big disruptor for the business at all.