Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us.
On our call today, I'll provide some highlights from the fourth quarter and full year then briefly discuss the performance of our 2 operating segments, clear aligners and intraoral scanners. John will provide more detail on our financial results, discuss our outlook for the first quarter and share our high-level thoughts about 2020. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open up the call to questions.
Our fourth quarter was a strong finish to a great year with record revenues and volumes. Q4 Invisalign shipments increased 23.9% year-over-year and marked another major milestone with our 8 millionth Invisalign patient who started treatment in December. This rate of growth is really amazing to me given our 7 millionth Invisalign patient was just this past May, 7 months ago. For Q4, iTero scanner revenues increased 20.2% year-over-year with strong growth, especially from international doctors.
On a sequential basis, Invisalign volumes were up 7.4%, driven by strong growth in North America, EMEA and Latin America, with all-time highs in those regions. We also saw strong growth from Invisalign Go systems across all regions, reflecting continued progress with GP dentists as well as a ramp-up from Invisalign Moderate, which launched at the beginning of Q4 in North America. For the quarter, we shipped Invisalign cases to approximately 67,000 doctors, of which 7,200 were first time customers. We also trained over 5,500 new doctors in Q4, including 3,400 international doctors.
For the full year, total revenues of $2.4 billion reflect record revenues, up 22.4% year-over-year, includes $2 billion in clear aligner revenues. In 2019, Invisalign volumes were up 24.2% year-over-year and iTero scanner revenues were up 38.5% year-over-year. During the year, over 1.5 million people started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners worldwide, including 447,000 teens and younger patients, which was up 34.1%.
Now let's turn to the specifics around our fourth quarter results, starting with the Americas region. For the Americas region, Q4 Invisalign case volume was up 4.9% sequentially and up 19.3% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, Q4 results reflect strong growth from North American GP dentists as well as continued strength from Latin American doctors. Year-over-year growth for Q4 reflects continued adoption of Invisalign treatment from both orthodontists and GP dentist channels, which were up 20.5% and 17.3%, respectively. Latin America volume was up 79% year-over-year, led by continued strong growth from Brazil. For the full year, Americas Invisalign volume was up 17.5%.
For our international business, Q4 was a great quarter with Invisalign case volume up 10.5% sequentially, driven by strong growth in the EMEA region, rebounding from Q3 '19 summer holidays and offset somewhat by slower growth in APAC, specifically China. On a year-over-year basis, strong Invisalign volume of 30.1% reflects increased utilization and continued expansion of our customer base in both EMEA and Asia Pacific region. In Q4, we trained over 3,400 new Invisalign doctors internationally and roughly 55% in EMEA and 45% in APAC.
For the year, international volume was up 34% year-on-year.
In EMEA, Q4 was a strong quarter. Volumes were up 37.3% sequentially, driven by growth in all core markets, primarily from Spain and Italy, as well as from the teen segment which was up 50.6% from Q3 '19. On a year-over-year basis, Invisalign volume was up 31.5%, driven by growth in all core country markets, including the teen segment, which was up 38.7% from the prior year.
For the full year, EMEA volume was up 34.2%, led by Spain, Italy and France, as well as our key expansion markets led by Turkey, the Middle East and Africa region and Russia.
For APAC, Q4 was down sequentially, as expected, following a very strong Q3 '19 teen season in China as well as less-than-expected volume from adults, partially offset by strong volume growth from Japan. We believe the ongoing U.S.-China trade war and economic uncertainty remained a headwind for our consumer demand, especially for consumption of luxury goods and considered purchases.
On a year-over-year basis, APAC volume was up 28%, driven by growth across the region, led by Japan, Australia, New Zealand, Southeast Asia. For the year, APAC volume was up 33.7%.
Overall for the teen market, in Q4, approximately 116,000 teenagers started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners, an increase of 33.1% year-over-year, driven by continued strong adoption across all major regions.
For the full year, total teen cases worldwide grew 34.1% to approximately 447,000 teenagers or 29.3% of our total volume. I'm pleased with our progress treating teenagers and younger kids and the continued strong adoption of Invisalign clear aligners globally.
For 2019, Invisalign treatment with mandibular advancement was up 85% year-over-year and Invisalign First was up 455% year-over-year for a cumulative total of 41,500 cases and 32,400 cases to date, respectively.
Product technology and innovation continues to be a key growth driver across our regions. Over the past year, we launched several new Invisalign offerings for both comprehensive and noncomprehensive treatment, giving doctors more tools and choices to treat a greater range of cases from adults to teenagers, and now kids as young as 7 years old as well as new treatment options and technology designed to appeal to consumers who are considering or starting Invisalign treatment.
In Q4, we introduced the Invisalign Moderate Package, a 20-stage treatment option designed for consumers whose treatment goals fall between the existing Invisalign Lite and Invisalign Comprehensive packages and can be completed in the range of 5 to 12 months.
We launched SmileView, an online tool designed to help prospective Invisalign patients visualize a new, straighter smile before they opt for Invisalign treatment. Align's new SmileView visualization tool is designed to drive awareness and demand for teeth straitening using Invisalign treatment by engaging consumers and allowing them to see a simulation of what their smile could look like.
We also upgraded My Invisalign mobile app, which previously focused on patients already in treatment, but now includes several new features to help potential patients who are seeking information about teeth straightening treatment, including an in-app version of SmileView. Consumers can use the app to take a selfie and instantly visualize how their smile can transform after Invisalign treatment.
Our consumer marketing efforts are designed to build the category and drive demand for Invisalign treatment through a doctor's office. We invest over $100 million each year in consumer marketing programs, including TV, digital and social media, PR, event marketing as well as our Patient Concierge program. Our goals are to make the Invisalign brand a household name worldwide and to motivate consumers to seek Invisalign treatment through a doctor's office.
In Q4, we continue to see strong engagement with consumers and had over 5.3 million unique visitors on invisalign.com sites for a total of 18 million year-over-year. Other key metrics showed increased activity and engagement with the Invisalign brand and are included in our Q4 quarterly slides.
For our iTero scanner and services business, Q4 was a very strong quarter with better-than-expected revenues, up 6.6% sequentially and 20.2% year-over-year, driven by strength from all regions. Q4 volumes reflect continued commercialization of the iTero Element 2 and Element Flex scanners, especially for orthodontists in North America, the continued rollout with our major DSO partners and increased sales internationally, especially in Japan.
2019 was a great year for our iTero business with total revenues up 38.5% year-over-year. Cumulatively, over 20.5 million orthodontic scans and 4.7 million restorative scans have been performed with iTero scanners.
Use of the iTero scanners for Invisalign case submission continues to grow and remains a positive catalyst for Invisalign utilization. For Q4, total Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scanner in the Americas increased to 79.5% from 73.5% in Q4 of last year. International scans increased to 64.7%, up from 57.5% in the same quarter last year. What's really exciting is to see that within the Americas, 93.3% of cases submitted by North American orthodontists are submitted digitally now.
We are pleased with the continued progress of our iTero business and remain confident that it will continue to help drive our overall growth and help increase the adoption of our digital platform with Invisalign treatment.
With that, I'll turn the call over to John.

Thanks, John, and thanks to those of you joining our call today.
Overall, 2019 was a great year for Align, and I'm very pleased with the strong performance for both our Invisalign and iTero businesses. Not only did we celebrate our 22nd year in business, but we also achieved several major milestones, including our 8 millionth Invisalign patient, $2.4 billion in revenue for the first time.
As we kick off 2020, we're very concerned for the safety and health of our employees, customers, doctors and their patients in China. Their well-being is our top priority, and we are doing what we can to ensure that they are in good hands. We are working with our local teams to donate medical supplies and provide funding to help combat the outbreak.
Like SARS in 2003, the coronavirus is already having a major impact on China and may expand to other countries around the world. I saw and experienced this impact as the CEO of GE Healthcare. We expect that like SARS and MERS before it, in time the virus will be addressed, the markets will assume an equilibrium and our business in China will continue to grow. The timing of this is uncertain, but the future growth opportunity for our business in China is certain.
While we are mindful of the increased uncertainty in China and its impact on our Q1 outlook, it's important to take a step back and remember that our business is broad and deep. We have a strong growth in other regions and are seeing strong momentum in the Americas, across EMEA and in all other countries in APAC, especially Japan, Australia/New Zealand, Southeast Asia, Taiwan and Korea.
In closing, I want to share with you a few thoughts with you regarding the future of our industry. Never before have I seen an amount of change in products, technology, distribution channels and business models. Align has always believed that the market opportunity for clear aligners is significantly larger than the underlying orthodontic case starts each year. We believe that over 300 million people want a better smile and the best way to access that potential patients is through doctors, using a digital approach with iTero scanners and the Invisalign system. Our partnership with doctors is a critical part of how we win with consumers, and we will continue to insist that patients visit a doctor in person for Invisalign treatment.
If I could leave you with one thing, it's that Align is not just a provider of the best clear aligner in the industry, and our clear aligner is not just a piece of plastic. Align is founded on digital -- IT, data, artificial intelligence, software, algorithms, digital scanning and 3D printing. We are the largest mass customized business the world has ever seen. Each Invisalign aligner is the output of millions of lines of code and thousands of digital actions that allow us to ship 0.5 million customized Class II medical devices a day.
As a digital leader, we must continue to provide doctors with the best technology and tools to help them treat any patient. In 2020, we expect to bring several new products and systems and services to market, but we must provide more than just individual products. In digital, you pick a platform, not a product. You pick a company you believe in for the long term. Digital dentistry is being driven by products like iTero scanners and Invisalign clear aligners, and we believe our digital platform is setting the foundation for the future of dentistry. Align and our doctor partners are sitting on the edge of one of the biggest areas of growth that dentistry has ever seen. I'm very excited about what this means for our business and continued growth prospects in 2020 and beyond as we continue to transform smiles and change lives.
With that, I want to thank you again for joining the call. I look forward to updating you on our progress as the year unfolds. We'll see many of you at the Chicago Midwinter Meeting next month as well as industry and financial conferences throughout the year, including our Analyst Meeting on May 12 in New York City.
Now I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions.

Nate, I think we framed it as well as we can in the first quarter. I mean, and that's what we can see right now. I think our responsibility when you think about it is, we're through January right now. We can take a look at our order rates and we can responsibly make the prediction that John just did, that we've got 20,000 to 25,000 cases that we think we're going to be pressured on. The unfortunate part of this whole thing is, we say we're on the dark side of the moon right now because of the Chinese New Year and our order rates drop off to a point that you hardly see them. And it's not just now. It's been every year since. And since the government there has extended the holidays for another week or so and it could go on, we really don't have -- we just take our best guess on that 20,000 to 25,000. We're not ready to project. I'm not ready to project anything into the second quarter and the rest of the year. Remember, going back to SARS, I talked about -- I was involved in that with GE Healthcare, is that remember, it took 6 months from the initial infection rate, all the way to -- not that it ended, but it actually stabilized and things got back in gear again. So we know that it'd be more than the first quarter that will be impacted, but none of us are ready to give any kind of a forecast as to the extent of that.

Yes. There's multiple levers we pull in that sense, right? We have more of a segmentation around GPs today from a sales standpoint. You'll see that accentuated as we go into 2020. We have a product called iGO that it just fits the workflow aspect of GPs extremely well. Then you have to add to that the extra salespeople we put in last year. A lot of those salespeople were making GP calls because there's only so far you'd go for the orthodontic community. And the last part of that, we have a huge amount of increased advertising from a consumer standpoint. I read about the consumer hits for new interest in Invisalign which are pretty outstanding when you look at it from a year-to-year basis. So it's really all those variables we see are being put in place to help to drive that growth.

Kevin, honestly, it's a good question because that is a variable in the equation you have to think of. So right now, you can imagine when you have a contagion like this, you don't want a lot of people hanging out together. And Chinese government knows that, and we know it, too. Our training facilities are in Shanghai and also at Chengdu. Obviously, there's infection rates in those areas, but they're not like the major provinces that have been impacted so far. But my anticipation is, after the holidays, we'll just have to watch and see exactly what develops in the different provinces in China and what that means. If it's not a big issue in Shanghai or at Chengdu or whatever, obviously, we'll bring doctors in and train them. But we're not in a position to even guess on that right now. But it's a great question. It is a key variable. And as things develop, we'll certainly come back after the first quarter and let you know.

John, I don't. I mean, because, obviously, we're in a storm right now and just trying to get through what that looks like. As I said in my script, if you think about as we came off the third quarter, we got a really good teen season. We didn't have as much of an adult pickup in the fourth quarter as we had hoped. But again, it was double-digit growth and still robust growth, but not the 50% to 60% that we've enjoyed in China for several years. So I'd say, John, I'd like to give that to you. I can't reliably give it to you now, but it's double-digit growth. We continue to make our investments. We continue to be excited about China. It's our second-biggest market. We don't think that's going to change, but we certainly got to get through this cloud before we can give you something definitive in that sense.

Jon, yes, I'm really excited about the MAS growth when you see that. And remember, MAS, too, it's kind of age contained. It's a growth aspect between like 10 years old and 12.5 years old where that really fits. But when you take MAS and you combine that with First, that is about 20% to 25%, including palate expansion of the teen marketplace. So the idea that, that's 15% to 20% of our teen cases as you talked about matches up pretty well in the sense of what we're seeing in the marketplace overall. I do think you'll continue to see this hyper-growth out there. It is a great solution. I mean, look at teen first and how it works. You don't see it, Jon, but we continue to improve MAS all the time. We learn about anchorage on back molars and certain kinds of teeth and whatever. We program those things. We have silent releases. But piece by piece, we get better at being confident in moving those Class II things forward. So overall, we're excited about it. I'm confident about the technology.
Lastly, on the palate expansion piece, we know how to make this. We have the right kind of software to develop it. The trick is finding something that you can actually scale from a manufacturing standpoint and get consistent properties with it. And I feel that we've been closing in on that rather fast. So we'll give you more of an update as we go into the investors conference in June -- I mean, in May and more specificity around that kind of a launch date.

Yes. Rich, it's really interesting. As I say, when I talk about stabilization, it means infection rate. When you start to get to that plateau about not an increase in infection rate, but a decrease, and you'll see that. That's kind of the deceleration. And that indicates that it's kind of under control. Again, what I learned in 2003 about China is, and I think in the Western world we miss this sometimes. It's how much influence the overall government influences there. You can see they change holidays. They lock down cities. They take drastic measures to try to deal with these things. It's something that's really unheard of from a Western world standpoint. And I think we kind of have to respect that. That it's a society that will respond to these kind of things in a way that we're not necessarily used to, which is actually good for the population because they're just trying to isolate it and contain that thing because depending -- that virus hasn't been quantified yet with exactly its infection rate, meaning how many people are infected per person that's infected, but the numbers are jumping around but this is in the area of SARS. And so I think the best proxy we can have right now is a SARS side. So that's the 2 things. Just one is, when it plateaus, when fewer people are being infected and you see that curve start coming down. And then secondly is, how fast the Chinese government will move. And that's why we're staying close with what's going on there and just staying behind the government and trying to support their actions. Okay, Rich?

Matt, could we do 50,000 cases? Yes. I mean, we have capacity. We have both treatment capacity and we have bleed off capacity, obviously, through Mexico and Costa Rica if we were overwhelmed in China and what we have there, too. But Matt, my experience in this business is that things don't happen like that. That you don't get this kind of a bow wave that comes after something like this. And so it's not that you lose those cases. From an adult standpoint, they just get pushed out into the future, but they don't come back to you all at once. It's just latent demand. The only exception I would make to that, that I would guess that the teen season because teens are kind of timed based on their age, that you have a little more of what I call bolus effect there. You have a bow wave that you really capitalize on teens, but it wouldn't occur that way with adults.

No. At this point in time given what we're seeing over there, I can't even guess that. If you're asking for historical splits, I don't think we've shared that data in the past. And just know that our third quarter is always our biggest quarter in China. And it's the biggest because it is teen season. So if you take that look, historically, you'd see what those numbers look like on adult versus teen.

Steve, it's Joe. It would obviously change it because now you segment what the issue is in China, but I don't have a guess in a sense of what that would mean. I mean, when you think about it, obviously, Shanghai is a big part of our business and more north of that Beijing is, too. I'd say the coastal provinces or whatever have always been pretty big. So I think a comment would be, if it's just isolated to Wuhan or generally isolated to Wuhan, the effect won't be as dramatic, but I can't -- I really can't quantify it, Steve. And I find it kind of surprising that not that the infection rate is going to reach the other provinces the way it has Wuhan, it's just the Chinese government will take the same steps there to make sure that whatever infection that they do have in those regions don't end up being like Wuhan. That make sense?

I think, Brandon, that's a good question. Actually, that's a good, deep question. First of all, I mean, you saw our growth in the Americas for the fourth quarter. It's good, accelerating in the GP channel and good progress in the ortho channel. So obviously, I feel good about -- I talked about on the previous caller in the sense of the investments we've made in salespeople and advertising products and all that we have in those different channels. And we look at that going forward, we feel good about that capability.
From a DTC standpoint, we've always stuck with what we said. I mean, we know that DTC will go after some of the same patients we do, but we haven't necessarily felt an impact in that sense. And you see us pushing hard in the sense of our product and portfolio to go after that. We talked about 100 million patients that we think want treatment from an orthodontic standpoint in North America.
Other competitors, honestly, they're out there. I can't say that we've made any price moves against them. We haven't necessarily felt that we have lost any significant volume in any consistent way. And so I don't have anything different to report from that standpoint than I did the previous quarters when we had that kind of discussion.
I think when you're hearing about that too, Brandon, it's what -- I think we've been consistent for the last 2 years. And I talked about at the end of my script about this digital platform, there's a lot of work you have to do to compete in this marketplace. It's not like just I could probably produce a plastic aligner and then I can have a material difference in how Align is effective in the marketplace. There's just so many things you got to be good at in this business from a logistics standpoint, from a manufacturing standpoint, your digital platform, how it serves consumers and what it does with docs. You've got to be able to play really well in multi-dimensions. And I'm not saying that none of our competitors will reach that. They're just not at that scale right now but I think that it's made a tremendous difference to us in any way.

On Frank, I'm sorry, John just reminded me. On Frankie, look Frank's a great commercial leader, right? I know he's associated with DSOs and he helped to put us on the map with DSOs with his leadership. But overall, Frank, he came here with good external experience from a sales and dental standpoint. He's really helped the business that way. And I thought he's a perfect pick for us to really help to, I'd say, to really help us not just extend what we do, but he'll put a lot of focus from a commercial standpoint in our business. So we're excited about Frank. He has a good relationship with Simon, who has great experience from Europe also and taking some best practices there and implementing them. And so we're excited about Frank and Simon and broadly, the North American team.

Yes. I think we haven't actually documented much trade up from Lite in that product line as most of it had been trade down from Comprehensive. But remember, when you trade down on this product line, it still has a gross margin, so it's accretive to our business and not decretive in that sense. So we're allowing more choice for our patients, allowing more choice for our doctors, but we're not doing this to an extent that it really hurts our operating profit.

No, Jeff, nothing like that so far. We haven't seen anything anywhere around the world in that sense. Hong Kong has been kind of locked down since the protest or whatever so it's hard to get a signal out of there one way or another, but Taiwan, Korea, some of the neighboring countries, Southeast Asia, we haven't seen anything.

Yes. Jeff, it's funny -- not funny, but it's really interesting. There's a lot of noise out there, right? And it's just your question is, how do you pull signal from noise out of this whole thing? And what we feel is, obviously, there's a lot of doctors, both GPS and orthos. There is a segment, a significant segment of them that see really a clinical build, meaning you don't have to do a complete bite reconfiguration. You can responsibly move the anterior teeth to give a good smile without having to move molars and other aspects of what's going on. Those doctors that are seen as progressive is, hey, maybe I'll fix the anterior teeth for a lower price and then move to a full bite correction at some point in time the patient wants to go. We see both orthodontists and GPs, a certain segment of them really engaging in that sense.
So we feel confident there's enough doctors out there that want to hit this kind of a price point, and we'll do it in a very efficient way. Some of them look at it doing with maybe 2 or 3 touches with a patient rather than constant touches every few weeks and using remote monitoring and those kind of things to see how patients are going. So we actually feel that there are doctors out there with a limited product that will engage in that sense and be able to go after these, what we'd call price-sensitive DTC patients who are looking for just really an aesthetic correction and not a bite correction.

I still felt great about the growth in the iTero business for the year, right, was up 38%. And you're right. I mean, when you look at the capital equipment market and any medical business, right, the fourth quarter is usually the biggest one that people are looking at. What they're going to do from a CapEx standpoint, they buy. So it was a tough comparison year-over-year, but still growing 20%.
I think the best way to think about this, Michael, there's competition out there. We feel really good about our digital platform that iTero represents, how it competes against any scanner really out there. And you see that it's doing well on restorative, too, as well as from an orthodontic standpoint. So we think we're really competitive. But as you -- I think back to your question is like, how do you model that thing going forward? I think you model that at our 20% to 30% growth rates that we have given you for our business in general. And that's what we've done through the many years we've had iTero so far is keeping that range. Sometimes we've been outside that range, but on the upside or whatever. But long term when you model it, think of 20% to 30% and a significant amount of that being some services revenue, too, that really helps in that.

The doctor feedback, Erin, it's Joe, on the 5D scanner has really been great. I mean, the ones that really use it to scan every patient when they come in, they're picking up caries or cavities at a rate that are almost 2x of what they can actually visually see or see through an X-ray, and that's driven a lot of new business through those docs. And so a lot of this information comes in EMEA, obviously, outside the United States because the FDA hasn't approved that yet. So we see these near-infrared technologies that were being used to see cracks in teeth and caries in teeth as really helping from a cash flow standpoint from a doctor in the cases they're seeing. And secondly, it's helping patients in that sense to be able to identify issues that you can get at a little more proactively before they really become an issue.
As far as 5D in the United States, I think we've said that I'm never going to guess when the FDA says yes. I've been in the Class II medical device business for too long. But our expectation is in some time in the first half that we'll get 5D approval through the FDA.

I think, Ravi, on the cash on the balance sheet, obviously, this company is an amazing cash generator in that way. Yes, I just want to re-emphasize, Ravi, we're not in the general dentistry business, so don't look at us going out to broaden the portfolio in any particular way. We're building what we talked about when I closed about a digital platform and investing in that digital platform is where we're focused on. So when we have our Investor Day in May, we'll reapproach it in the sense of the share buyback and what we think we'll be doing with that cash in the future.