Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some highlights in the third quarter, then briefly discuss the performance of our 2 operating segments, Systems Services and Clear Aligners. John will provide more detail on our financial results and discuss our outlook. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open the call to questions.  
I'm pleased to report strong third quarter results with revenue growth of 38.4% year-over-year on top of a record third quarter last year, driven by the strength across all regions, customer channels and products. For Q3, we shipped to a record 85,500 doctors in the quarter and reached 11.6 million Invisalign patients cumulatively.  
On a sequential basis, Q3 results reflect continued adoption of iTero scanners and increased utilization of Invisalign Clear Aligners in the Americas and APAC regions as well as the growth in Teen segment, especially in the North American orthodontics channel. Our third quarter revenues reflect a growing confidence of doctors and patients with Invisalign treatment, iTero scanners and exocad software as more doctors discover the benefits of digital treatment and transform their practices with the Align Digital Platform. 
For Q3, Systems and Services revenues were up 57.3% year-over-year with strong revenue growth across all regions and up 5% sequentially primarily in North America. Q3 results reflect the continued adoption of iTero Element 5D Plus Series, our next-generation scanners and imaging system, which launched earlier this year and feature innovative technology like near-infrared technology, we call NIRI, which aids and detection and monitoring of interproximal caries lesions or cavities above the gingiva without harmful radiation.  
For Q3, Clear Aligner revenues were up 34.9% year-over-year with strong revenue growth across all regions and across the portfolio, including comprehensive and non-comprehensive products as well as Invisalign Moderate and Invisalign Go. On a sequential basis, Q3 Clear Aligner revenues were down very slightly from record Q2, reflecting more pronounced summer seasonality than last year, especially in EMEA where practices and patients appear to have taken extended holidays and where offices were impacted due to resurgence of COVID-19 cases and restrictions, especially in some markets in Asia Pacific.
In the Teen segment, Q3 '21 Invisalign Clear Aligner volumes for teens were strong, up 13.8% sequentially and 26.6% year-over-year to a record 206,000 teens, representing approximately 1/3 of total cases shipped, with strong shipment growth from North American orthodontists and a record quarter for Teen in APAC.
Our third quarter revenues also include non-case revenue for clinical training and education and doctor-prescribed retainer products. Retention is a critical part of creating and maintaining a beautiful new smile. Retainers prevent teeth from gradually shifting back to their initial positions after treatment ends. Studies show that without retention, even perfectly aligned teeth can gradually revert to their pre-treatment state and that dentition continues to change as patients age, often requiring limited treatment, also known as touch-up treatment if not properly retained.  
Our retention products are designed to maintain teeth that have been aligned by Invisalign aligners, braces or other aligners. These retainer products can accommodate lingual bars, wires, also known as a permanent retainer, missing teeth that require an artificial tooth and bite ramps, also known as turbos or blocks.  
While our retainer business continues to deliver solid revenue growth, our share of retention market is significantly underpenetrated, even more so than in our share of the orthodontic case starts. We have been developing a robust retainer strategy, including a separate marketing team focused solely on driving adoption and increasing market share in the United States.  
Our objective is to build brand awareness for Vivera retainers and drive engagement with doctors through clinical education and sales initiatives, while connecting consumers to doctors through demand creation programs and our concierge service. We've also recently implemented social media campaigns featuring the benefits of Vivera from the makers of Invisalign Clear Aligners. We believe that incremental investments will provide increased value for Invisalign practices and drive growth consistent with our long-term financial model target.  
In addition, we successfully rolled out a limited pilot program to participating Invisalign providers in the United States and Canada that offers a monthly targeted subscription program to address the unmet patient demand for retention or touch-up cases. Our goal is to encourage experienced high volume in Invisalign practices who regularly treat patients with our comprehensive products to offer premium retention or entry-level products for the long-term health of their patients and to grow their businesses.  
Practices in this pilot program can purchase a monthly subscription at a fixed price based on their monthly needs for retention or limited treatment. The program allows doctors the flexibility to order both touch-up or retention aligners with their tiered subscription. The program is designed for a segment of experienced Invisalign doctors who are not regularly using our retainers or low-stage aligners.  
The positive feedback from our doctors have been encouraging. For instance, the doctors at Bray and Tarby told us the program is very straightforward and easy to understand, and they've been hoping Align will do something like this. Dr. Jonathan Nicozisis at Princeton Orthodontics called the program a home run. We went -- he went on to predict it should replace the idea that doctors invest in 3D printing and the additional complications and expenses it requires, including the need for a full-time employee and additional overhead costs, particularly because he believes his treatment outcomes are always better with Align.  
Q3 non-case revenues also included accessories and consumables such as aligner cases called clam shells, cleaning crystals and other oral health products that are available on our e-commerce channels in the U.S. only, including the Invisalign accessory store, Walmart and Amazon. In Q3, we announced an exclusive supply distribution agreement with Ultradent Products Inc., a leading developer and manufacturer of high-tech dental materials, devices and instruments worldwide.  
The Invisalign Professional Whitening program powered by Opalescence is optimized for Invisalign aligners and Vivera retainers and is available only through Invisalign-trained doctors. Also in Q3, we launched the Invisalign Whitening Pen through an e-commerce channels in the U.S. only. 
The Whitening Pen is an over-the-counter retail product for consumers seeking quick tooth whitening at a lower price and is not intended to be used with aligners. The Whitening Pen complements the other accessory products that Align already markets to consumers through its existing e-commerce channels and is a key addition to our consumable product portfolio.  
Now let's turn to the specifics around our third quarter results, starting with the Americas. For the Americas, Q3 results reflected strong performance, including record revenues for Latin America as well as summer seasonality for adult case starts in North America that primarily impacted GP practices, strong ortho performance, especially in the teen market that included increased utilization from the orthodontic channel. 
Invisalign case volume was up 0.7% sequentially and up 36.4% year-over-year, reflecting growth across the region, especially in LatAm. DSO utilization continued to be a strong growth driver as well, led by Heartland and Smile Docs.  
For our international business, Q3 Invisalign case volume was up 27% year-over-year on top of record growth in the same quarter last year. On a sequential basis, international shipments were down sequentially 4.3%, primarily as a result of greater seasonality and COVID-related shutdowns in APAC markets. For EMEA, Q3 Invisalign case volumes were up 49.6% year-over-year, with broad-based growth across all markets led by the U.K. and Iberia, along with continued growth in our expansion markets in Central and Eastern Europe and the Benelux.  
For Q3, year-over-year Invisalign volume in EMEA was driven by increased submitters from both orthodontists and GPs and increased utilization primarily from orthos. On a sequential basis, EMEA was down sequentially 16.5% following a record Q2, primarily as a result of the extended seasonality we had anticipated primarily from summer holidays and vacations across the region.
For APAC, Q3 volumes were up 4.2% compared to a record Q3 last year in APAC. On a year-over-year basis, growth was uneven. The market as APAC, the first region to emerge from the depths of the COVID lockdown in 2020. Additionally, we saw COVID resurgences and lockdowns sporadically impact various APAC countries in Q3.  
On a sequential basis, Q3 Invisalign volumes were up 21.2% reflecting growth across the region, led by a record quarter in China, especially from teen cases as well as strong growth in Japan and ANZ. And Q3, growth from both channels was strong, with ortho growth driven by increased Invisalign utilization and GP growth -- channel growth driven by increased Invisalign submitters.  
APAC teen shipments reached an all-time high in Q3. At the recent 10th China Finance Summit Awards, Align was recognized as the 2021 most innovative enterprise for its advancements and outstanding contributions in the field of digital orthodontics. This award builds on our prior recognition of Align's leadership in the digital orthodontics industry and its efforts to promote the modernization of orthodontics.  
Our consumer marketing focuses on educating consumers about the Invisalign system to drive demand to Invisalign doctor's offices, ultimately capitalizing on the massive market opportunity to transform 500 million smiles.
In Q3, we expanded the next generation of the "Invis is" media campaign across EMEA, APAC and Brazil to increase awareness with adult, mom and teen consumers. Globally, we delivered 6.45 billion impressions, growing 42% year-over-year, resulting in a 70% year-over-year increase in unique visitors to our websites. 
In the U.S., we connected with teens on Snapchat, YouTube and Twitch with our "Invis is Not Your Parents Braces" campaign. These campaigns continue to feature some of the largest teen influencers from our Invisalign Smile Squad, like Charli D'Amelio, Marsai Martin, [ Michael Lynn Collins ] and Devon Key. These influencers share their personal experience with Invisalign treatment, including why they chose Invisalign treatment to shape their smiles.  
As part of our focus on teens, with our Invisalign ChangeMakers program, we held a recognition event hosted by Marsai Martin, with teens across the country to celebrate and recognize 100 teens across the country who drove positive change within their communities.  
To continue growing for our young adult businesses, we expanded the "Invis is a Powerful Thing" campaign, which highlights how powerful the smile transformation with Invisalign treatment can be for their self-confidence. In the U.S., we expanded our Invisalign Smile Squad to include young adult influencers such as Cody Rigsby, Lana Condor and Emily Hampshire, will help to deliver over 405 million impressions. Additionally, our influencer partnerships with TikTok creators helped increase traffic to our sites with a 127% increase in click-through rates.  
In Brazil, we launched the "Invis is a Powerful Thing" campaign and teamed up with mega-influencer, [indiscernible] to increase website traffic by 30%. In the EMEA region, we expanded into new media channels such as TikTok and Snapchat across the U.K., Germany and France to drive engagement. These efforts led to more than 153% increase in unique visitors. We also started consumer advertising in Russia, which resulted in more of a 1,000 increase in unique visitors to our website.
In Q3, we continue to expand our consumer advertising across the APAC region, experienced a 132% increase in unique visitors to our websites. In Australia, we expanded our media mix to include partners such as TikTok and Snapchat, which resulted in a 250% growth year-over-year in unique visitors to our website.  
In Japan, we continue to see a strong response from consumers to our "Invis is" campaign, resulting to more than an 800% increase year-over-year in unique visitors to our website. Adoption of our consumer and patient app, My Invisalign, continued to increase in Q3 with 1.2 million downloads to date. Usage of our 4 digital tools also continue to increase. 
For example, our Invisalign Virtual Appointment tool was used over 15,000 times and our insurance verification feature was used 14,000 times in Q3. Furthermore, we received more than 1.5 million patient photos in our Virtual Care feature to date globally, which continues to provide us with rich data to leverage our AI capabilities and improve our services for doctors that is used to enhance their patient's care.
For our Systems and Services business, Q3 revenues grew 57.3% year-over-year reflecting strong scanner shipments and services and was up 5% sequentially. This is the fifth consecutive quarter of sequential revenue growth for our Systems and Services business. The iTero Element 5D Plus imaging system continued gaining traction across all regions, with the most recent launch in Japan in Q3. The iTero Element 5D Plus imaging system will be available in China in Q4 of this year. Additionally, the iTero Element Plus Series was launched in Korea in Q3.  
The series expands the portfolio of iTero Element scanners and imaging systems to include new solutions that serve the needs of a broader range of doctors and patients in the dental market. Moreover, I'm proud to say that in a recent clinical study, the iTero Element 5D intraoral scanner was found to be more sensitive than bitewing radiology in detecting early enamel lesions, providing further evidence of the benefits of iTero 5D scanner in detection and monitoring of interproximal caries lesions or cavities above the gingiva without exposing patients to harmful ionizing radiation.
This is great news for our iTero business as the study further supports the diagnostic validity of near-infrared imaging technology offered by the iTero 5D scanner for early proximal caries detection.  
The findings also underscore the valuable role that NIRI technology can have in dental health assessment and early detection of cavities, which is important to the overall oral health care treatment options and a comfortable safe experience for a broad population of patients. A strong indicator of the digital acceleration with dental offices is a number of intraoral digital scans used for Invisalign case submissions.
Total worldwide intraoral digital scans used to start in Invisalign case in Q3 increased 84.2% from 78.3% in Q3 last year. International intraoral digital scans for Invisalign case submissions increased 79.3%, up from 72.1% in the same last year.  
For the Americas, 88% of cases were submitted using an intraoral digital scan compared to 83.2% a year ago. Cumulatively, over 44.9 million orthodontic scans and 9.3 million restorative scans have been performed with iTero scanners.  
Our Q3 Systems and Services revenues also includes exocad, CAD/CAM products and services. exocad's expertise in restorative dentistry, implantology, guided surgery and smile design, extends our digital dental solutions and broadens Align's digital platform towards fully integrated interdisciplinary and workflows. We remain excited about our continued integration progress and product plans with exocad.  
During the quarter, exocad launched ChairsideCAD 3.0 Galway, the next generation of exocad's easy-to-use CAD software for single-visit dentistry. The software has improved automation for fast crown design and enables users to integrate open hardware and materials of choice. exocad's ChairsideCAD received 2021 Cellerant's Best of Class Technology Award for the third consecutive year.  
Also during the quarter, exocad had its largest ever presence at IDS, the International Dental Show, where they showcased their seamless digital workflows and the simplicity of the use of exocad's Galway software release. exocad was the only company at IDS to showcase live patient treatment with a smile creator experience station, featuring iTero's scans, instant smile makeovers and production of clip-on smiles.  
With that, I'll now turn it over to John.

Thanks, John. In summary, Q3 was a strong quarter, and we're pleased with our performance across the business. Align is uniquely positioned. We have the clinical capability and product portfolio supported by doctor and patient workflows, only accessible through the proprietary Align Digital Platform to address the broadest range of orthodontic cases with the Invisalign system through a network of trained Invisalign doctors who have the expertise to reach more than the 500 million potential global patients.
As we develop our annual plan for 2022 over the next few months, it's important that we continue to expand our commercial, manufacturing, R&D, clinical, treatment planning and manufacturing operations. And continue to leverage our global quality and regulatory muscles in existing and emerging markets. Reach millions of consumers who want to transform their smile with the most advanced Clear Aligner systems in the world. 
Through advertising, PR, digital, social media and influencer marketing to drive demand and conversion through Invisalign-trained doctors. Increased ortho adoption and teen utilization of Invisalign treatment and train and educate GP dentists on how the iTero Element family of intraoral scanners and imaging systems propel today's dental practice into the future by enhancing patient experience and elevating clinical precision, and in the benefits of digital dentistry with the Invisalign system, trusted by more than 11 million people worldwide to improve their smiles.  
We remain focused on strategic execution, accountability, agility, customer service excellence and continuing to make investments to grow our business. This is a multivariable equation that we continue to talk about and that, in combination, we remain uniquely able to offer. As we continue to stay the course with our strategic initiatives, we also continue to navigate the COVID-19 environment and the challenges and uncertainty that go with it.  
Throughout the pandemic, our top priority has been consistent, the health and safety of our employees and their families, doctors and their staff and that has not changed. The situation with COVID remains very fluid. And with the rise of the Delta variant, many cities, states and countries have issued or plan to issue new guidance including mask requirements, regular testing capacity limits and vaccination mandates. Operating in this evolving environment is challenging for everyone, and we are staying as close as we can to the situation.  
The shift from traditional analog wires and brackets to a fully end-to-end digital platform is not easy. It cannot be done without very complex and industry-leading technology and talented, passionate people. But the digital transformation in orthodontics is inevitable. 
Our technology is prevalent, touching every aspect of what we do for manufacturing excellence, where we currently produce over 750,000 unique aligners a day, to expanding our geographic footprint to over 100 markets, to building a network of over 210,000 trained Invisalign doctors and providing the technology to our doctors in a complete digital system, the Align Digital Platform.  
As the inventor of the leading Clear Aligner system, we've been investing in this therapy for over 24 years to get it to where it is today. And yet the majority of the market opportunity remains largely untapped, with over 500 million potential cases starts globally, align is in a rare position to address this market with the Align Digital Platform powered by 2 decades of research and development, manufacturing excellence, clinical data based on more than 11 million patients with AI machine learning and digital tools to help our doctors efficiently communicate with their patients, show and explain any issues and visualize potential treatment options. And together with doctors, we're going to unleash the power of digital for dentistry in orthodontics more than ever.  
Thank you for your time today. I look forward to speaking with you on Friday at our Investor Day. We will share more details on the Align Digital Platform and our vision and strategy to make Clear Aligner treatment available to everyone through doctors. 
Now I'll turn the call over to our operator for your questions. Operator?

Well, I mean, Nathan, just -- yes, we're growing at a pretty good pace right now, right? So it's actually above our long-term growth model, which is 20% to 30%. And as we move into 2022, we'll retain that 20% revenue growth target, and we're happy to discuss it more in detail on Friday.

I mean yes, Jon, it's a good question. I mean we've seen an impact on it. The thing is, there's a lot of other media you can pivot to in order to find those patients. So have we seen it and have we had to do a certain amount of pivot to do that? Yes. But as far as our marketing efforts, I wouldn't discount them in any way in the sense of that change being material in some sense in the near future.

Well, I mean, globally -- hey, John, it's Joe. Globally, it's less at 5%. I mean, you look at -- and we'll show you on Friday exactly what we think that is. In the United States, I think our current number is mid-teens? Yes. 
John, I think you know that too, we have so far to go, right? This is a superior treatment, like I said in our script. We can do 90% of the orthodontic cases are out there. It's just us continuing to work really closely with orthodontists and advertise to consumers to explain the benefits of digital orthodontics and move this forward. 
But like I said, this is inevitable. Digital is better. We know it's better. We've made it better. It's more comprehensive than it was before. It's faster, less invasive. I could go on all day. And that's what drives this company. That's our purpose. We know we'll hit it. It's just -- there's just a lot of work to get from here to there.

John, I think it's the classic early adopter syndrome. The doctors who use our product almost exclusively 100% can't imagine not using our product line, right? But they're early adopters in the classical sense. There's 2 things. There's one, there's a clinical confidence people that are out there that we have to convince. And it's much easier than it is today than it was 5 years ago, given products like -- first, given products like mandibular advancement, those kind of things that extend it. And then the predictability of our products. 
Secondly, it's the business equation inside the orthodontic practices that they're convinced they can actually keep up the margins and the growth capability they have for their practices. We understand that. And that's why we have programs like ADAPT that we've put together, John, that orthodontists do want to engage with us, we can show them how to really operate in a digital environment and actually exceed from a margin standpoint and a growth standpoint.

Yes, Jason, it's a good question. But I think it's -- and you'll hear a lot about this Friday, is the demand equation on this business is incredible, right? The 500 million patients we talk about could primarily be serviced through the general dentistry area and then the over 20 million that's on -- in the orthodontic side. I mean that's -- you look at that, you just -- it's a wide open marketplace. So adults have done well, teens will do well. I just think you have to have them both go up.
And remember, they're dealing from different bases in the sense of, traditionally, 75% of our cases have been adults and 25% teens. So there is kind of a law of large number on the adult side, but the growth potential is amazing, and we're just going to go after both ends of that equation as aggressively as we can.

Yes. Jeff, that's one of the key ingredients is the productivity of a doctor's time and the productivity of the real estate within that office. In a digital kind of situation, you can remote monitor it like you do on virtual care, some other products that are out there and doctors are taking advantage of that. But also, there's a lot of confidence doctors have, too, if their patients are using the aligners and they will bring them back every so often and take a look. So that's a big part of it. 
Secondly, Jeff, is it -- you can actually work with less labor content and less doctor content and people in the office and also size of the office, too. And you see a lot of orthodontists understanding that and really embracing it. There's also a referral aspect of Invisalign is once a patient has an experience with Invisalign, they're often ready to refer another patient to that doctor much more so than wires and brackets. And they benefit from that because they see an increase in their sales too. 
And we see that constantly and adapt and we focus on that and can actually predict it to a certain extent of time. So I hope I'm answering your question, Jeff, but that is the whole idea of digital and then we keep talking about our Align digital capability and being able to service a doctor through iTero, being having virtual care on both ends and having the kind of capability and horsepower that we can provide with our algorithms and the extent of our clinical capability is just -- it gives us a huge amount of breadth and capability at orthodontists.

Brandon, it's a good -- it's why we highlighted it. And it's obviously why we've put money into this thing and a focus on over the last years. There are certain things in this business that we all know, but there are so many things to do and focus on that sometimes something that's so obvious like that lacks the attention that you want to give to it. And we've been talking about this over time. So beginning of this year, put a team together to really go after those things. 
It's hard to say the reason why. It's just we haven't been as focused on retention as we need to be. And many orthodontists like they make their own retainers. They do it because we just haven't been competitive in the sense of how we can deliver, how fast we can deliver, how easy we make it for them. But I guarantee you, if you go out, Brandon, and you query even orthodontists that seldom use our retainers, they'll tell you we make the best retainers in the world. 
And we should, when you make 750,000 unique parts a day, right? We know what we're doing, the fits are exquisite when you have an iTero scanner to be able to do that. And we set this thing up as a play for doctors that they can feel confident that we'll get these retainers to them in a quick amount of time. They're going to be terrific retainers, something they're proud to really get to their patients. And we've had great feedback on this so far. 
So I can't apologize for the past or give you the whole history why we haven't done it, but I feel really good about the progress we've made so far.

Yes. I think NIRI really helps. I really do. It's one of those -- in electronics, we all know there's killer apps, right, killer applications? When you can see caries, cavities, right, we use the clinical term. But when you can see cavities without ionizing radiation, and Brandon, what's amazing when you see this, too, what happens is the enamel almost becomes invisible. It's almost translucent. You can see through the enamel right to where the caries is. And there's a certain amount of training that has to be done in order to do it. 
And look, I grew up in an ionizing radiation business. I know what it is in CT and X-ray and it's -- that radiation component is better today than it used to be, but it still exists and patients are still concerned with it over time. And to be able to do this in a sense in a safe way and in a quick way like we do it. You know what it is to put bitewings in a chair, and it's terrible in a test chair, right? Bite down, turn your head sideways, I could go through it all day. 
And this is a quick scan, 1 minute scan, 1.5 minute scan. It pops up on the screen. You can have a conversation with the patient and say, "There it is and what it deals with." So yes, I think it's a killer application. Will it convince all GPs to buy iTero? No. But then you have to look at exocad, that critical workflow between labs and GPs really sets us up nicely for restorative pieces. 
Soon to announce Smile Architect, which really allows doctors to use restorative orthodontics as a standard of care. We'll talk about that more Friday. So -- and look, I'm biased. I've been in the -- I'd say, the medical imaging equipment business for 15 years of my life, counting iTero, this is the best scanner in the marketplace. And then we're just out to show it and to prove it.

Chris, it's a really good question because obviously, as we're going through our AOP for next year and putting those things together. But when you say pivot, I wouldn't use the word pivot, I'd say that we extend what we're doing. And then we place bets accordingly and where we think we'll get the best return. We -- I've got to continue advertising. We have [ a peer ] system. We have a wonderful brand. We have to leverage that piece. 
But specifically, and this goes to the last questions we had, too, doctor productivity is a big deal. And when you look at our Align Digital Platform, inherently, that's what it's about. It's how do you make doctors more productive to make sure that we don't go back and forth with a ClinChecks? Or how do we make sure that from our standpoint that we can respond quickly to customer issues. And we're investing heavily in all those things and making good progress. 
It's expensive. A lot of things that you have to do when you're really grounded in software and making those changes. We have really great talent here that knows how to do that. We've been actually working the productivity of ClinCheck and those things for 3 to 4 years and it's just starting to bring technology to the marketplace. So you're right. We're not pivoting toward that. We've been investing in it. But you'll see the combination of that more and more as we enter next year in the second half of next year too. John, anything to add?

Mike, from a Scanner standpoint is obviously, we have a great scanner. And I think your question asked more about saturation more than anything. Our feeling is you got 2 million dentists out there or orthodontists, right. And each of them actually, if you're going to run a digital practice, you need more than one scanner. You need a scanner per chair. So you think, let's just say, the average doc has 3 chairs and there's 2 million doctors out there. We're just touching this thing. 
We've got a 50,000 unit installed base. And obviously, this is a growth equation. It's not one where we're looking to plan out in some time. And obviously, it's a portfolio of churns over time because the technology moves fast too. So it creates some of its own demand through obsolescence, too. John, on the supply?

Yes. First of all, from a marketing spend standpoint, I mean, we really do understand, by region, our kind of return on investment and what we get. I'm not going to share that over the phone, but we're very aware of that and what it is. We also -- when you asked about the teen advertisements, there's a seasonality for teens around the world, too. So you'll see like in the quarter we just came out of in the second quarter, we were going into the teen season. It's big in China, big in the States. 
And so you'll see a larger part of our advertising budget go toward that in order to capture that demand. But yes, this is part of how we go to market. We have a great brand. That brand needs to be enhanced with patients, and we want those patients going to doctors asking for Invisalign. And we have some very good capability here from a marketing standpoint to exercise that. John, anything?

I mean if your question implies a direct-to-consumer kind of a moat, that's not us. It's not what we do. It's about what -- but we always have an e-commerce site. We have a great brand called Invisalign. Patients ask us all the time for whitening cleansers, chewies, things associated with it. And we're just exercising that capability. 
It's one with the whitening standpoint, we probably should have been more aggressive on before. But again, it's one of those things that we decided to focus on recently. And we're getting great feedback from the doctors in doing that. And so it only makes sense. It's classic brand extension, and we're going to leverage that Invisalign brand as well as we can.