Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some highlights in the quarter and then briefly discuss the performance of our 2 operating segments, clear aligners and scanners. John will provide more detail on our financial results and discuss our outlook for the fourth quarter. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open up the call to questions.
I'm pleased to report third quarter results with revenue and earnings above our outlook, driven by higher-than-expected Invisalign volume, offset somewhat by lower ASPs and foreign exchange. We also had another record quarter for our iTero scanner business. Q3 Invisalign volume increased 5.5% sequentially and up 35.3% year-over-year, reflecting strength across regions and customer channels as well as strong growth from both teens and adult patients.
From a product perspective, we saw strength across Invisalign portfolio, with growth from both comprehensive and noncomprehensive products, reflecting an acceleration in the noncomprehensive category related to expansion of our product portfolio as well this new sales programs and promotions intended to increase adoption and utilization.
We also saw continued strength from international regions, especially Asia Pacific, which is our second largest region after the Americas in Q3. Finally, during Q3, we trained another record 4,930 doctors, driven by APAC and Latin America, including Invisalign Go doctors, which represent continued expansion of our customer base, especially GP dentists. And Invisalign utilization increased overall to 6.1 cases per doctor, including another record for NA orthodontists. 
Overall, while I'm pleased with the strong volume that we achieved this quarter, there were a couple of unexpected factors that impacted our results.
In Q3, Invisalign ASPs were down sequentially due to a combination of promotional programs, unfavorable foreign exchange and product mix shift, partially offset by price increases across all regions. John will provide more details on this in his commentary.
Now let's turn to the specifics around our quarter, our third quarter results, and let's start with the results of our America regions. For the Americas, Q3 Invisalign case volume was up 5.1% sequentially and 29.1% year-over-year, reflecting better-than-expected volume in both our orthodontist and GP dentist channels, driven by strong teenage case volume from orthodontists and adult patient growth across both customer channels.
For the Americas region, year-over-year growth was led by orthos with another record quarter from North American ortho utilization at 17.4 cases per doctor. Q3 Invisalign utilization for North American GP dentists was up year-over-year at 3.5 cases per doctor, reflecting continued expansion of the GP customer base. We also saw strong volume growth from the Dental Service Organizations, or DSOs, channel, which increased over 40% year-over-year in Q3.
In Q3, we trained over 2,000 new Invisalign doctors in the Americas region, of which 560 were in Latin America alone, primarily Brazil. As the world's second largest market for cosmetic procedures, Brazil is estimated to have more than 1 million new orthodontic case starts each year. 
In September, we hosted a grand opening event of our new office in São Paulo, Brazil with local doctors to thank them for their ongoing support in helping to build the clear aligner market in Brazil through Invisalign practices.
We also hosted the grand opening of our newest facility in Costa Rica, located at San Antonio Business Center, with plans to open another multimillion dollar facility located at La Lima later this year. The new facilities will eventually house all of our Costa Rica employees, provide space to accommodate our long-term growth.
For international doctors, Q3 was another good quarter with Invisalign case volumes up 6.2% sequentially, reflecting a very strong quarter for APAC, offset by EMEA's seasonality, especially in Southern Europe, markets which typically have extended summer holidays. Year-over-year volume growth of 45.6% for international reflects increased utilization and continued expansion of our customer base.
In April, Q3 was a strong quarter with Invisalign volume in APAC. Q3 was a strong quarter with Invisalign volumes up 56.4% year-over-year with record shipments for all country markets except Korea. Q3 results reflect record utilization for APAC driven by strong growth from teenage patients as well as growth in the GP dentist channel, up 83.2% compared to last year.
During Q3, we trained 1,730 new doctors in APAC, of which 310 were iGo doctors. We also held several clinical education events across APAC designed to help increase doctors' confidence in and in the adoption of Invisalign treatment, including how critical the iTero scanner is to practice growth.
In China, we hosted the China Orthodontic Society, or COS, Annual Meeting with over 1,000 doctors. In Japan, we held in Invisalign Forum with clinical speakers focused on teen treatment including Invisalign First cases, adding iTero to their practice and Invisalign G6 innovation. In ANZ, we launched Invisalign First clinical education events and practice marketing activity and received positive feedback with great uptake of Invisalign First cases. 
In EMEA, Q3 was down sequentially due to expected seasonality, up to 36.2% year-over-year, reflecting strong growth including the teen segment, which is up over 60% from the prior year. Year-over-year, we saw strength across our core markets, led by France, Iberia and U.K. as well as our key expansion markets led by Central and Eastern Europe.
We're also continuing to help expand market for clear aligner treatment with approximately 1,100 newly trained doctors in EMEA, which include 485 iGo-trained GP dentists.
In Q3, we hosted a number of doctor-centered peer-to-peer events, including our first GP Growth Forum in Copenhagen. We also hosted the grand opening of our new treatment planning facility in Madrid, Spain, which serves the Iberian market. Our Madrid facility aims to increase our commitment to Invisalign-trained doctors in Spain and Portugal and will play a key role in our strategy be closer to our customers and support them in digital treatment planning. 
In October, we hosted our first MEA or Middle East and Africa Forum in Dubai, highlighting the growth of the MEA orthodontic market as well as showcasing our latest advances in digital dentistry that provides practice growth opportunities for dentists.
Now turning to the teen segment. In Q3, 98,500 teenagers started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners, an increase of 25.6% sequentially and 41.1% year-over-year, driven by continued strong adoption across all major regions, led by North American orthodontists. 
Q3 was the eighth consecutive quarter that Invisalign teen patient volumes grew faster than adults, reflecting a continued shift towards younger teens and tweens. In Q3, year-over-year Invisalign teen patient growth for North American orthos increased 32.8%, and international doctors were up 60.9%. 
In Q3, we launched an expanded Invisalign portfolio, including Invisalign First for phase 1 treatment of young patients, age 6 and up. On July 1, we began offering Invisalign First to doctors in North America, EMEA and ANZ and Japan. We shipped almost 2,000 cases to over 600 doctors during Q3.
Half of the cases were in North America, and nearly 60% of the Invisalign First patients were 8 to 9 years old. The phase 1 segment of the market is really important for us because it's a large piece of the overall orthodontic cases, but it will also help us gain share in the teenage segment.
The Invisalign Experience program is a comprehensive way of describing all of Align's activities to engage consumers or potential patients through brand experiences in consumer-friendly settings and environments, including busy mall and lifestyle centers. We started out calling these location stores but realized this is confusing and concerning to some of our doctor customers. We're not selling Invisalign treatment to consumers in these locations. Doctors have always been essential to Invisalign treatment, and a doctor's prescription based on an in-person examination remains the only way that Invisalign treatment can be delivered to a patient even if a consumer learns about the Invisalign brand in new or different ways.
In late 2017, we launched Invisalign store pilot program to create and test interactive Invisalign brand experiences at high-traffic retail locations.
Our goal was to educate and engage consumers who might be interested in treatment but aren't showing up as typical consults in offices and get them connected with an Invisalign doctor of their choice. Based on what we have learned in last year and across the first 4 locations in this program, we are expanding this program and will open 8 additional Invisalign Experience locations in the fourth quarter. The first 4 Invisalign Experience locations have shown great progress since opening and have contributed to a significant influx of consumer interest in the orthodontic marketplace surrounding each location.
Key performance metrics suggest that the addition of an Invisalign Experience location can have a significant positive impact or halo effect on overall Invisalign patient growth in the surrounding area. Even among doctors that are not directly participating in the Invisalign Experience program network, it's a new way of creating awareness for brand capturing someone else's attention when they're not even thinking about straightening their teeth. And it benefits all Invisalign practices in the market.
In Q4, under the Invisalign Experience umbrella, we're launching a major test to the program in New York City with a significant investment in media to reinforce the importance of doctor-led Invisalign treatment and a premium consumer experience to drive qualified consumers to partner doctor practices. On November 5, we will launch a targeted media campaign in New York to take advantage of growing interest in the clear aligner category to capture and direct consumers to Invisalign-branded locations and pilot practices. This test includes an Invisalign-branded kiosk at the Ocular Centre on November 17 as part of the holiday market. Number two, piloting Invisalign Experience branded doctors' practices designed to attract prospective patients, connect them with the Invisalign brand and an Invisalign practice for treatment; and three, empower doctors with new tools, services and support to elevate the patient experience, amplify the message and grow their practice. We're very excited about this program along with several other media campaigns kicking off in Q4 that put doctors at the center of everything we do.
We've learned a lot from the Invisalign Experience locations and the doctors who have worked with us in the network-to-date. We're applying what we learned and are constantly working to make the Invisalign Experience program better for consumers and better for the practices who opt in to receive those leads.
One of the things we've learned from this and other initiatives is that a lot of Invisalign doctors want to do more in their own markets to connect with new consumers. They want to create an Invisalign Experience and practice to connect with potential patients in new ways and want to leverage the total Invisalign iTero digital experience to make starting treatment easier and more convenient for them. We want to help them to do just that. 
So under the Invisalign Experience program umbrella, we're working with a few doctors in select U.S. markets to explore what an Invisalign Experience looks like in wholly doctor-owned, consumer-focused environment. We're calling this pilot an Invisalign Experience-branded practice and are working with participating doctors to apply some of the lessons and design elements from Invisalign Experience locations to their practices. Some of these pilots will be in markets where we have an Invisalign Experience location, but most will not. 
Doctor-owned Invisalign Experience practices don't compete with the line. We're all working together to reach consumers in new ways. We'll share more progress with you in details on the different ways we're partnering with doctors under the Invisalign Experience umbrella in the coming quarter.
Our Smile Concierge program that we launched at the beginning of 2017 is continuing to help more consumers start Invisalign treatment by shortening their research cycle and connecting them with an active Invisalign doctor. Year-to-date, we scheduled over 74,000 Invisalign consultations in the U.S., which equates to connecting hundreds of consumers to Invisalign doctors every day, providing leads they might not otherwise have had. The Smile Concierge service has also expanded outside the United States with teams in Singapore, Brazil, Australia and the U.K.
And Q3 was a very strong quarter across the board for iTero scanners and services business with better-than-expected revenues, which were up 37.2% sequentially and 79.1% year-over-year. Record Q3 results reflect commercialization of the iTero Element 2 and Element Flex scanners, especially for restorative GP dentists in North America. Continue to rollout with DSO partners and increased sales internationally, including China, we have also begun to manufacture the iTero Element. 
Using the iTero scanners for Invisalign case admission in place of PVS impressions continues to grow and remains a positive catalyst for Invisalign utilization. For Q3, total Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scanner in the Americas was essentially flat at 68.8%. International scans increased 51.6% of total Invisalign cases submitted in Q3. We are very excited about the continued progress we have made with the iTero business and remain confident that it will continue to help drive our overall growth and help increase adoption of Invisalign treatment.
Before I turn the call over to John, I want to share with you some important news with you today regarding our Chief Marketing Officer, or CMO, Raph Pascaud. After more than 8 years in the line, Raph has made a personal decision to reduce his responsibilities and transition to a part-time position in order to spend more time with his family. As a result, we have began an executive search for a Chief Marketing Officer and we'll be working to find a replacement for Raph's marketing position over the coming months. Once we've hired a new CMO, Raph will transition his marketing responsibilities to that leader, but he will continue to lead the business development and strategy for the company. Raph will also remain on the executive management committee, reporting directly to me. 
Raph's contributions to Align have been significant. He's held numerous leadership positions across the organization, including Head of International, Marketing, Product Portfolio and Business Development, as well as overseeing the iTero business. We're fortunate that Raph will remain directly engaged in our strategy and overall business plans and will be able to help the new CMO come up to speed quickly. Until then, nothing changes and Raph remains Align's CMO and SVP, Product Portfolio and Business Development. We're sharing this news with you today so we can openly recruit for a new CMO and so Raph can begin to develop a transition plan with his global marketing team. 
With that, I'll now turn the call over to John.

Thanks, John. Overall, Q3 was another good quarter with strong growth for both the Invisalign and iTero businesses. Our performance reflects continued success in driving adoption and utilization across all region and customer channels as well as an increased traction in new expansion markets with our DSO partners. We have a huge market opportunity ahead to connect millions of consumers with Invisalign doctors for orthodontic treatment. And whether it's through traditional routes in the doctor's office or through new consumer-friendly approaches like the Invisalign Experience program, we are committed to a doctor in the center of everything we do. 
Align is the best positioned company to help doctors successfully navigate their rapidly changing dental market. And we're excited to be guiding them through this digital transformation. 
I look forward to following up with many of you in the coming weeks at various conferences and industry meetings, including the Invisalign Ortho Summit in Las Vegas next month, where approximately 2,500 doctors and their staff will spend 2 days sharing Invisalign and iTero best practices in one of our most important peer-to-peer clinical education events. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator. Operator?

And yes, Bob, it's Joe. Look, obviously on the Advantage Program and the special programs we ran for the quarter, we do this all the time. We're trying to encourage customer stickiness. We're checking out different segments of the marketplace. We do this all the time. But in this case, what happened is we incentivized the upper end of our customer segment. We did not get engagement in the lower end that we anticipated. And so in that sense, we will shut that thing down. We won't repeat it again. We obviously learned from it, and we move on.

Yes, that's correct. Think about it as flat, Bob.

Brandon, I think if you look at our growth, I mean, our growth is above 30% right now. So we don't see any diminishing returns in that sense. Remember, we had a really -- we had a big third quarter when you look at our volume growth versus other years. So the normal sequential kind of iteration that we go through between third and fourth, we don't really believe it's going to be as dramatic as it has been in the past. And so this doesn't reflect anything from a market standpoint. Remember, as you look at our performance overall, international markets performed extremely very well, okay? We still had incredible shipments in North America from an Invisalign standpoint. We also had great iTero too. So primarily, what we're looking at is what we have with these promotions in the sense that the ASPs driven by them and the corrections we have to make sure as we go into the fourth quarter.

Yes. Jon, to answer your question backwards is, these were comprehensive cases. From a competitive standpoint, look, we continue to monitor the competition in the marketplace. Ormco is still out in ANZ and not completely engaged. 3M, it's obviously hitting the marketplace in the United States and we see it. But these promotions were not geared towards trying to stop any competition that we're feeling right now, that wasn't the -- that wasn't the whole part of this promotional piece. Remember, third quarter's a big teen season. We make sure that we run the proper promotions going in there. This is a teen promotion and also adult promotion, too. Again, we're just trying some things in the sense of incentivizing the marketplace and it just happened to engage the upper tier of our Advantage Program rather than the lower tier that we had hoped. And these go on all the time, kind of under the radar screen, Jon. And we don't talk about them, this one in the sense of how it performed obviously, affecting ASP. We just have to give you clarity on it. But again, I want to reemphasize this is not based on anything competitively that we saw in the marketplace that we felt we had to move around.

Yes.

Yes. On the lower end of the marketplace, it's just exactly how we target those incentives and how broad we make them, okay? This is broad across all of our Advantage tiers. In the future, we'll just have to focus on the lower tiers in that sense in order to encourage that piece. I mean, it's that simple kind of feedback. We thought it would be more of a balanced response across the tiers and it wasn't. And now on the GP, I think your second question had to do with GP doctors and how they get engaged. With iGo, as we start with iGo, it's a product, it's a midrange product that we position with GPs that allow them to be able to do certain kinds of movements that we think are relatively simple to learn and for doctors to really start off with the product line. And so as you see the iGo growth all around the world, that's predominantly what we call a midrange product that we are positioning with the GPs at the moment. Does that help?

Yes. I don't think the market is conditioned any differently than it's been before. The biggest change we've seen in the market is really just the SDC in the United States marketplace. But that is a completely different segment. It's not through doctors' offices and obviously, that's not where the competition is right now. I think if you look at this, Steve, you'd think with this new Advantage Program we launched in North America in 2018, it just has a different series of brackets, different series of rewards and different kind of bonus levels. We haven't really engaged promotions around those things before so it was a little bit of a learning curve in the sense of how those brackets, as Shirley talked about yesterday, actually respond to these kinds of promotions. Don't look at this -- I think I can understand your questions and the previous questions about, is there some external aspect that's really driving those things? If there was an external some kind of catalyst in this sense, we'd tell you, okay? That's not why we do these things. We do these things to encourage customer stickiness, we do these things to figure out what really works in the marketplace. And there's -- look, I've never been in a business that has pricing elasticity curves like this business in it and you really have to study those. We launch promotions, we do them at certain prices. We see what the uptakes are and we learn from those things. We're just launching this -- again, it's a different type of an advantage structured program and these tiers are different and this take-up was completely different than what we've seen before.

I think we've always said it's about when we -- back when we were actually comparing data with these guys, back before our lawsuit. And it was about a 10% overlap is what we saw overall. We don't have any information that would change that at all at this point.

Yes. John, we're expecting in the fourth quarter, is what we said all along. Our communications with the FDA have been nothing bad or anything that would suggest that we're not on course. So I'd just say, we're still sticking to our plan of being able to launch this product in the fourth quarter in the United States.

Palate expander, we're still working through that. When you think about it, our Invisalign First product is a palate expansion product but it's not a rapid palate expansion product. So we're digging into that 6 to 8-year, 9-year marketplace with Invisalign First. We're still working through -- in fact, I went through it this morning with the team. We're still working through the rapid palate expander. And we'll give you an update on that as there's more to talk about. We're still thinking that's rallying in 2019 like we indicated at the most recent investors conference.

Yes, Matt. It's Joe. When we look at it and we really -- every region we had a lot of strength in iTero. I'll start with we have now major penetration into China and great uptake there. Last year, we were approved in Japan and that's been good, too. So really all up and down. Asia, it's been strong. In North America, it's been strong across our individual doctor base, but also, as you mentioned, the DSOs have been very strong also. And then also in the quarter, we do see increasing momentum with iTero scanners over in Europe, too, which is our most difficult competitive market. We have good momentum there, too. The launch of the Flex product line and iTero 2 were really great launches. Customers love the product, too. So the responses have been terrific. So everything has been working extremely well with that business. But remember, that's just a wonderful footprint for us for future Invisalign business once we have those scanners in place.

Yes. We don't factor that in. But honestly, within 1 quarter of the launch of that, we wouldn't expect anything material, Richard, to report in that sense and that's not anything to do with mandibular advancement. It's just the way things work around here in the sense of doctors will try this, they'll do a few cases, they'll get used to it. And then as we move into 2019, we can give you some idea of what we think mandibular advancement in the United States uptake would be.

No, Richard. There's no correlation with the ASP side. If you remember last year, we ceased allowing 3Shape to be able to submit scans. And so those doctors, they'll have to go back to PVS impressions. And we think that's pretty much what drove that. Obviously, our scanner sales have been really strong in United States. So we think that's just basically a resubmittal because of the situation we have with 3Shape right now.

Yes. I think, Richard, first of all, it's not low end, it's low tier. So we have an Advantage Program. That Advantage Program has several tiers. It starts at bronze, it goes all the way up to double diamond, okay? And so when we talk about that, these are, still broadly, they're comprehensive cases, okay? When you put these promotions in place, you want to make sure you're sensitive into the sense of who you're incentivizing across these brackets, right? What we're saying is we didn't have strong enough incentives on the, what we'd say the lower end of our Advantage tier program. And obviously, that will be the change we would make going forward. Makes sense, Richard?

I thought we lost you.

Erin, we haven't given any statistics yet on our experience enters. And we only had 4. And now, we're expanding the other 8 stores right now. As we move into 2019, we'll be more transparent with that information. The doctors can engage in several ways. If the doctors are actually engaged at the store. These products have a certain premium assigned to them because we actually attract the patients and send the scans to the doctors or whatever. So depending on what it is, signature, signature plus or deluxe, there's obviously a lab fee for the aligners but there's also a certain fee for those types of products. And then we're talking about the halo effect, too. The halo effect, sometimes it's the doctors who aren't even associated with the program at all. There's still -- we're still seeing a significant increase in Invisalign sales with those doctors just because of just the raising the awareness of Invisalign and doctors in that specific geographical area. And those are areas that are anywhere between 10, 25, up to 50 miles, we start to see that kind of response.

Steve, we can't nail it exactly. But we could tell you it's 1% to 2% on the North America volume.

Well, we don't comment on price going into the year. We just never did that, Steve. But we have raised price every year in the last 3 years. Obviously, we raised price in this quarter, too. And it's been part of our strategy. It's part -- it fuels a lot of the things we would do when we talk about Invisalign Experience and our marketing campaign in driving customers and doctors. Also, all the technology we invest in too. So it's been a pretty large part of our strategic plan. But I don't want to comment on 2019 in advance.

Yes. Jeff, it's a really fair way to look at it. I mean, we talked about Aspen in the last quarter. I mean, the whole idea of the Aspen piece and their uptake of iTero scanners was to put what we used to call a store in store, or we now call it Invisalign Experience in the doctors' offices within Aspen. And part of what we've done in the store is that we've created, obviously, consumer material. We've created a lot of things. From a customer engagement standpoint, turn customers into patients. We've put those in place and we'll be able to employ in those DSO stores, too. So that's been a big part of our strategy and it's one of the reasons you see such a big uptake in the DSOs that we've been selling to and reporting.

And Ravi, it's Joe. Your question on the segment and top dentists versus -- or top orthos versus lower brackets. I'd just end up by saying that there's room for everyone. You have to segment this market always between general dentistry, as we call it, GPs, and also orthodontists. But when we talked about it at Investors Day, we see a market that we used to measure as 12 million case starts a year as potentially 300 million. But what we specifically talk about with our doctors, particularly on the ortho side, is this is a massive, what we call, analog to digital conversion, right? If you really want to get the productivity of a digital-based orthodontic system that ends up in plastic and that's what our process is, is you really have to do predominantly, a majority of your business has to be in digital. And those doctors that walk forward that want to go through that journey with us, we have a number of programs to take them through from financing to how you encourage more consumers, how you set up your practice, all those things, so you can make it as efficient as possible. On the general dentistry side, we often work from a restorative standpoint to make sure that we can work within those restorative workflows and make sure that it's profitable for those docs and they understand how to use these things. Ravi, one thing I want to make certain and it's just -- maybe it's just me being overly sensitive. Don't take Raph's announcement in any way as any indication that he had some responsibility for this promotional aspect for what went on. Raph's been tremendous for us after running our international business, coming into running marketing and strategic development and also business development. He's been critical to this business. This is not some kind of smoke and mirrors. This is Raph making a decision from a family standpoint that he's had issues with, that has to deal with right now. And we support Raph in that from a family standpoint. This has nothing to do with him.

We don't have any data, Michael, to hold up with that. I'd say remember, there's a million points of light in this business, too, because there's so many doctors in overall involved. But I don't feel this has to do with having these promotions actually in some way and have that passed on to consumers. It's just not the feedback we get or what we think is going on.

From a DSO standpoint, obviously, these are large contracts we put in place. And there's significant price discounts in the sense for the volumes that the DSOs offer. So when we talk about mix, there's a certain amount of mix associated with DSOs. When you see these kind of growth rates, 40%, it's obviously some aspect of the mix that we're talking about. So when you think about that, too, Michael, is that we don't have to spend as much OpEx on the DSOs. And it's really important to understand. A lot of them, since they are general dentists, they use their own patients to generate their demand. The normal GP dentist would have 1,500 to 2,000 patients per office. We can help them mine those patients and understand which ones would want orthodontic treatment or could stand for orthodontic treatment or not. We don't have to have the amount of sales coverage that we have with individual doctors. So you're going to have a lower overall ASP in those businesses. But we feel that from an OpEx standpoint, we're not spending as much money, too. So from a gross margin standpoint, it's still positive for us.

As far as the price elasticity curves by docs going forward or whatever, yes, I don't have any comments on that or, really, any projections of what that's going to be. And then we talked about those things. We talk about segments, would it be lower segments or comprehensive segments, routine segments and those kinds of things, but we don't necessarily have that data by doctor or doctor tiers or where it's going to. And if we did have, I'm not so sure we'd share that anyhow. We just like to keep it high level. But I'd just tell you that we're aware of these price elasticity curves from a specific, not just demographic, but a specific area of the marketplace all over the world. And we'd have to do promotions and things to test those. And then obviously, we'll respond to those either favorably or not, depending on what signals we get. It's an important part of why we do these programs.