Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide an overview of our Q1 results and discuss the performance of our 2 operating segments: Systems and Services and Clear Aligners. John will provide more detail on our financial performance and our view for the remainder of the year. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open the call to questions.
Overall, the first quarter proved to be a tougher-than-expected operating environment globally. And we believe our results primarily reflect 3 key factors: the continued impact of COVID-19 waves in every region and especially in China, with its restrictions and lockdowns under their zero-COVID policy; a weaker economic environment and waning consumer confidence driven by increasing inflationary pressures and supply chain disruptions; and the military conflict in the Ukraine and fallout across Europe.
In addition, with approximately half our business occurring outside the United States, unfavorable foreign exchange rates negatively impacting our revenues, margins and EPS. Notwithstanding these headwinds, Q1 '22 total revenues of $973.2 million were up 8.8% year-over-year compared to Q1 '21 revenues of $894 million with a growth rate of 62% year-over-year. Our Q1 '22 operating income was $198 million, and operating margin was 20.4%.
In Q1, Systems and Services revenues were up 15.6% year-over-year, but down 24% sequentially, coming off our sixth consecutive quarter of sequential growth and record scanner and services revenue. Sequential results primarily reflect lower volumes from our aforementioned headwinds and from seasonality as Q4 is historically a stronger capital equipment sales quarter.
For Q1, Clear Aligner revenues were up 7.5% year-over-year, reflecting revenue growth across regions and products, and were down slightly sequentially from Q4 at minus 0.7%.
In the teen segment, 175,000 teens started treatment with Invisalign aligners, up 6% year-over-year. Invisalign First for kids as young as 6 years old grew sequentially year-over-year and was strong across all regions.
Q1 non-case revenues, which include doctor-prescribed retention products, clinical training and education and other dental consumables, performed well and grew both year-over-year and sequentially. Our Doctor Subscription Plan (sic) [ Doctor Subscription Program ], or DSP, pilot was launched last year in the United States and Canada, and it continues to ramp nicely, driving strong revenue growth.
DSP is a monthly subscription program designed for a segment of experienced Invisalign doctors who are not regularly using our retainers or low-stage aligners. We're very excited about the feedback and uptake we're seeing, and we'll expand the program into other markets this year.
Here are just a few things some doctors are saying about DSP. Dr. Drew Ferris in Santa Barbara, California, "We have shifted our retention model and workflow. We really like the material, the fit and the precision of the product and having everything in Align systems versus printing in-house and having to maintain it ourselves." Dr. Sandra Tai in Vancouver, Canada, "This program fits my business model very well. I'm able to pass savings to patients."
Now let's turn to the specifics around the first quarter results, starting with the Americas. For Q1, Invisalign case volumes were down 1.5% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, Americas case volumes were down 4.3%, primarily reflecting the impact from the COVID-19 waves, first experienced in North America beginning in Q4 '21 and continuing to Q1 and later in Latin America, causing consumers customer staffing shortages and practice closures as well as decreased patient traffic and increased appointment cancellations.
The latest data from the Gaidge practice analysis tool that collect and consolidates data from about 700 ortho practices, covering more than 1,000 orthodontists across 1,600 locations in the United States and Canada, showed weakening underlying patient demand trends in the first quarter for both adult and teens and across wires and brackets and clear aligner products. New patient visits were down 7.6% year-over-year, and ortho starts were down 7.2% year-over-year.
In the DSO channel, in Q1 '22, DSO practices grew faster than non-DSO practices, with utilization led by Heartland and Smile Doctors. Earlier this month, we announced a new DSO partnership with dentalcorp, Canada's largest and fastest growing network of dental practices. dentalcorp plans to extend its offering of Invisalign brand clear aligner treatment to Canadians nationwide through its Ortho Acceleration Program. This strategic collaboration also provides dentalcorp's network of doctors across nearly 460 practices with access to enhanced benefits, dedicated learning opportunities and treatment planning support for the Invisalign system.
Also this month, we launched a new Invisalign Teen Subscription Program in the United States and Canada to help unlock the massive opportunity from teen orthodontics, which makes up approximately 75% of the 5 million annual case starts in North America. The Teen Subscription Program enables orthodontists to buy clear aligners in case packs in advance, much like the way they buy wires and brackets today, offering simple and more predictable billing for doctors.
It also includes exclusive practice development benefits with the Invisalign brand and requires an incremental volume commitment from doctors. The timing of the new teen program coincides with the beginning of the summer teen season, and we're excited to continue partnering with doctors to grow their practice with Invisalign treatment. With less than 10% share of teen case starts, the Teen Subscription Program has the potential to help accelerate Invisalign adoption in the largest segment of the orthodontic market, teens.
For our international business, Q1 Invisalign case volumes were up 3% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, international case volumes were down 6.1%, primarily reflecting the headwinds described earlier, especially the impact of COVID-19 restrictions and lockdowns in China and the fallout across Europe from the military conflict in Ukraine.
For EMEA, Q1 Invisalign case volumes were up 2.1% year-over-year, with core -- growth in our core markets led by Italy and Germany and DACH, along with the growth expansion markets led by Turkey and MEA. The Q1 year-over-year Invisalign case volume in EMEA was driven by increased submissions, primarily from the orthodontist channel, especially in the teen market.
During the quarter, we launched our first ever direct-to-teen campaign in EMEA focused on educating teens about the benefits of Invisalign treatment over traditional wires and brackets; increasing consumer demand as part of our wider teen growth plan, combined with our Parent of Teen campaign; and to help give teens critical influence in the parent decision by driving peer word-of-mouth.
More recently, we launched the Invisalign Go Express system, the latest addition to the Invisalign Go portfolio for general dentists. First launched in EMEA in 2016 as a 20-stage aligner treatment offering, the Invisalign Go portfolio system is designed for general dentists to treat mild to moderate malocclusions and to integrate tooth alignment into restorative and comprehensive dental care. Additionally, building of our European manufacturing facility in Wroclaw, Poland remains on track to go live this quarter, increasing our flexibility and timeliness in supporting our valued doctor customers across the EMEA region.
Turning to APAC for Q1. APAC Invisalign case volumes were up 4.7% year-over-year with strength in the GP dentist channel, primarily through increased Invisalign submissions with the Invisalign Go product and, in the teen market with increased submissions from the orthodontic channel.
On a sequential basis, APAC was down 2.6%, reflecting a larger impact from surges in new COVID-19 cases that led to significant lockdowns in China. Alternatively, despite headwinds, Japan and Taiwan performed well and we had strong growth in emerging markets like Korea and India and Thailand on a year-over-year basis.
Earlier this month, we expanded the Invisalign Clear Aligner product portfolio with new offerings that better serve the expanding market in China. The 2 new products, Invisalign Adult and Invisalign Standard clear aligners are designed for more specific types of malocclusion cases and private (sic) [ provide ] doctors and their patients with a more clinical and affordable options for moderate to complex cases. Invisalign Adult and Invisalign Standard clear aligners built on our proven technology for a wider range and scope of malocclusion.
During the quarter, we announced new Invisalign innovations for the Align Digital Platform, a proprietary combination of software, systems and services designed to provide a seamless experience and workflow that integrates and connects all users, doctors, labs, patients and consumers. These new Invisalign innovations include ClinCheck Live Update, the Invisalign Practice App, Invisalign Personalized Plan or IPP, Invisalign Smile Architect and the Cone Beam Computed Tomography, CBCT, integration feature for ClinCheck digital treatment planning software.
These innovations will revolutionize digital treatment planning for orthodontics and restorative dentistry by providing doctors with greater flexibility and real-time treatment plan access and modification capabilities. Each of these innovations is designed to enhance Invisalign treatment planning quality, efficiency and scale and contribute to a better doctor-patient experience.
More recently, we introduced a new enhancement for the Invisalign system with mandibular advancement feature. The Invisalign system with mandibular advancement is the only clinically proven clear aligner product in the world today that addresses Class II correction with simultaneous alignment. Using feedback from customers, we've enhanced the original design with new enhanced precision wings that provide increased durability and comfort as well as great overlap to help ensure that the aligners remain seated and properly engaged to more effectively address Class II malocclusions in growing preteen and teen patients.
Our consumer marketing focuses on educating consumers about the Invisalign system and driving that demand to Invisalign doctors' offices, ultimately capitalizing on the massive market opportunity to transform 500 million smiles. In Q1, we built on a successful Invis Is multimedia campaign across the Americas, EMEA and APAC, driving awareness and interest in Invisalign treatment with adult, teen and parent consumer segments. Globally, we delivered strong impression volume with over 23.7 million visits to our websites, 113% year-over-year increase and over 7.8 billion impressions delivered, representing a 32% year-over-year increase.
In the U.S., we continue to amplify our campaigns across the top social platforms such as TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram and YouTube to increase the awareness of Invisalign brand with young adults and teens. Our campaigns featured collaborations with some of the largest influencers in social media, including Charli D'Amelio, Lana Candor, Devan Key, Michael Le and Josh Richards. Each of these creators shared their personal experience with Invisalign treatment and why they chose to transform their smiles with Invisalign aligners.
To continue growing our young adult business across the Americas, EMEA and APAC, we built upon our successful "Invis is a Powerful Thing" campaign, which highlights how powerful the smile transformation with Invisalign treatment can be for even young adults' self-confidence. We leveraged top influencers like Leilani Green and Lana Candor in integrated media campaigns. Further, we are expanding our collaboration with influencers globally and are excited to welcome Olympic Gold Medalist, Suni Lee, and creators Josh Richards, Hyram Yarbro and Scarlett Estevez who have chosen to shape their smiles with Invisalign treatment.
In the EMEA region, we accelerated our media investments across digital media platforms, including YouTube, TikTok, Meta and Snapchat and expanded our Invisalign Smile Squad roster with new influencers. Additionally, we launched a pilot in the U.K. to reach teens with special campaigns to create awareness of the unique benefits of Invisalign treatment. Our consumer campaigns delivered more than 8.8 million unique visitors to our website, representing 170% increase year-over-year with over 2.5 billion media impressions.
We continue to expand our investment in consumer advertising across the APAC region, excluding China, resulting in a 278% increase year-over-year in unique visitors and a 265% year-over-year increase in impressions. We continued to strengthen our investments in Australia by expanding our reach via social media platforms such as TikTok, Meta and YouTube. In Japan, we built upon our successful consumer campaigns by expanding into Twitter and continue to see strong response from consumers, as evidenced by a 373% increase in unique visitors to our site.
For our Systems and Services business, Q1 revenues were up 15.6% year-over-year, reflecting strong scanner shipments and services; and down 24.2% sequentially, primarily reflecting lower volumes from the previous mentioned headwinds and capital equipment seasonality.
During the quarter, we saw continued adoption of the iTero Element 5D Plus imaging system we launched last year that features innovative technology like Near Infra-Red technology that we call NIRI, which aids in detection and monitoring of interproximal caries lesions or cavities without -- above the gingiva without harmful radiation.
A strong indicator of the digital adoption within dental offices is the number of intraoral scans used for Invisalign case submissions. Total worldwide intraoral digital scans submitted to start an Invisalign case in Q1 increased to 87.1% from 80.9% in Q1 last year. International intraoral digital scans for Invisalign case submissions increased to 83%, up from 75% in Q1 last year.
For the Americas, 91% of Invisalign cases were submitted using an intraoral digital scan compared to 85.5% in Q1 of last year. Cumulatively, over 54.9 million orthodontic scans and over 11.4 million restorative scans have been performed with iTero scanners.
During the quarter, the iTero Element 5D Plus won the Best New Imaging or CAD/CAM Product from DrBicuspid.com, a Cuspie award. The award reflects our commitment to develop innovative solutions that help doctors transform lives by improving patients' journey to a healthy, beautiful smile. We are pleased to share that the iTero Element scanner received an Orthotown 2021 Townie Choice Award, which seeks to recognize the top peer-recommended products and services in dentistry. We're proud that the iTero Element 5D Plus imaging system provides dental practices with latest in imaging technology, cutting-edge enhanced chairside visualizations and applications that can drive practice growth and treatment acceptance.
Continued growth in the iTero scanner installed base is driving increased services revenues as well as exocad CAD/CAM software solutions that integrate workflows to the dental labs and dental practices.
Our Q1 exocad CAD/CAM products and services, which include restorative dentistry, implantology, guided surgery and smile design offerings, are included in Scanner and Services revenues and are helping extend our digital dental solutions and broaden Align Digital Platform towards fully integrated interdisciplinary end-to-end workflows.
As we continue to lead the evolution of digital orthodontics and restorative dentistry, our goal is to make orthodontics a pillar of dentistry. April 2 marked our second anniversary since welcoming exocad into the Align family. And together, we're working to ensure that every dental technician and every dentist planning a restorative treatment considers the benefits of digital orthodontics first. We're continuing to focus on integration and road map development to strengthen the Align Digital Platform by addressing restorative needs to facilitate both ortho restorative and comprehensive dentistry.
Two years after exocad joined Align, we are more excited than ever about the opportunities ahead to shape the dental industry and with technology and expertise that complement the many benefits of the Align Digital Platform and bringing all key stakeholders together, doctor, customers, labs, partners and users as we continue transforming smiles and changing lives.
During the quarter, exocad participated in the 2022 Dental South China show in Guangzhou, China, showcasing its newest software release, DentalCAD 3.0 Galway plus other open software solutions like innovative smile design program called Smile Creator. The show allowed the exocad team to deepen their relationships with the dental community to discover new trends emerging in the growing dental market in China. Attendees at booth experienced firsthand how exocad's wizard-guided workflows and easy online communication programs streamline the treatment journey from consultation to final restoration.
Finally, this quarter, exocad is opening its new headquarters in Seoul, South Korea, which provides a robust high-tech infrastructure to a key region of our business. exocad has been working with a growing number of Korean manufacturers for many years, and this location help facilitate strategic relationships in the region.
With that, I'll now turn over the call to John.

Thanks, John.

Thanks, John. I'll run by this again. Okay. That was my fault. Overall, our first quarter results reflect a more challenging environment than expected. We know that COVID lockdowns, weaker consumer confidence, inflationary pressures and the Russia-Ukraine conflict have created headwinds. But we remain excited and committed to realizing the enormous opportunity in front of us to lead the evolution of digital orthodontics and comprehensive dentistry.
With less than 10% share of the 21 million orthodontic case starts each year with over 500 million people globally who can benefit from a healthy, beautiful smile, our market is as large as ever. No other company is as well positioned as us to take advantage of that potential as the environment improves and growth trends return.
We will continue to focus on the execution of our strategic growth drivers while managing investments in the near term to account for the headwinds and uncertainty, and we remain confident in our long-term revenue growth model of 20% to 30%.
Before we open the call to questions, I want to address the military conflict in the Ukraine and our operations in Russia. It's a human tragedy for all people involved, and our thoughts go out to everyone impacted and especially to those with personal connections who are undoubtedly concerned with their families and loved ones. Our primary concern remains the safety and security of our employees and their families, our doctors, their staff and patients. We have nothing to do with this conflict.
As a global medical device provider of doctor-prescribed products, continuity of care is critical to the doctors and their patients in orthodontic treatment. We discontinued commercial activities in Russia that are not essential to providing continuity of care to patients. Our focus on only essential activities is consistent with our values and ethical responsibility to patients in treatment.
In the process, we're also adhering to the international sanctions that have been imposed. Our IT infrastructure, including code and intellectual property, is hosted outside of Russia. Prior to the conflict, we had begun expanding our R&D teams in Darmstadt, Germany; Madrid, Spain; Toronto, Canada and Austin, Texas. And we're prudently working with the team on the ground in Russia on work visas.
A number of our Russian employees have already transitioned and are in various stages of transitioning their families to Armenia, where we've set up an R&D center in Yerevan to support those who choose to relocate. At the same time, it's humbling to see the tremendous outpouring of kindness and support throughout the company as our employees respond to the humanitarian needs of the crisis.
Our Polish team members has set up donation centers at our facilities where employees are contributing food, clothing, supplies and human care. Many are also taking Ukrainian refugees into their homes. And we're proud of the tremendous initiative by our colleagues and are grateful for their actions.
In addition to our employees' efforts, Align is donating $300,000 to support humanitarian relief efforts through organizations providing shelter, food, medicines and vital supplies. We can only hope that the conflict in Ukraine will end soon, that the ongoing impact of the pandemic will lessen for good and that economic factors facing many customers and consumers will abate. But these things are beyond our control, so we will continue to prioritize the health and safety of employees, customers and patients and will stay focused on strategic initiatives.
In closing, April 3 marked the 25th anniversary of the founding of Align Technology and, shortly thereafter, the launch of the Invisalign system. Over the past 25 years, we've transformed the orthodontic industry with a passion for innovation as we've evolved from leading the evolution from digital appliances to digital platform. We've created an incredible company unlike any other.
Invisalign is a unique mass customization business operating in real time with no inventory or distribution at the front end of our market. Consequently, fluctuations in the macroeconomic environment are felt faster at Align than I've ever experienced anywhere in my career. And we monitor these trends to make adjustments in our business when needed. Our success is a result of our vision and purpose and resolve.
Thanks to our employees and our doctor customers around the world who took a chance on a Silicon Valley startup and risked everything. Today, Align is the largest 3D printing operation in the world, producing 1 million customized aligners each day based on the learnings gained from nearly 13 million Invisalign patients and 60 million iTero digital scans. Our global team of over 25,000 employees support more than 250,000 doctors and labs in more than 150 countries.
There are more than 500 million people in the world that can benefit from orthodontic procedures. It's huge. And you can only address opportunities of that size with digital orthodontics. It could never happen using old analog methods. As we have digitized that capability, it has opened up a market broadly for orthodontic treatment to the masses.
It's hard to believe that after 25 years, we're still in the early phases of transforming the orthodontic market. We look forward to sharing more milestones over the next 25 years as we continue to lead the digital evolution of orthodontics and dentistry, deliver great treatment outcomes and treatment experiences to doctors and patients around the world.
Thank you for your time today. I'll now turn it over to the operator for questions. Operator?

Yes, Jason, good question. I'd say being a global business, we talked about having 50% of our revenues outside, it just gives us good scope in the sense to take advantage where opportunities are. And so I feel really good about the company in that sense. And we've made great development over the last 3 years from an international standpoint.
We also have a great portfolio. We have iTero scanners. We talked about some reluctance in the sense that we saw at the end of the first quarter of some doctors to really commit to it. But I mean that demand is still out there. When you look at iTero scanners are so under-penetrated still when you look at digital dentistry and what the future really brings. And so pushing that and pushing it in the right places, and also, you see the expansion of our Invisalign technology and what we're doing in different areas, too.
So I feel like we have a lot of levers that we can pull, but we are constrained by these headwinds that we've seen. And obviously, we'll respect those and make the kind of adjustments needed to make sure this business stays on track. But look, I love our portfolio. I love our position. I see a great future. We'll manage our way through this, Jason.

I think, Jason, honestly, I think we've managed that well over the years. I mean you can see how well we did last year in the sense of that operating profit has been squarely on top of that piece. And I think we've managed it within that bandwidth very well, and that's -- this current situation is not going to change that.

Jeff, it's more the latter of your question. It's just you take off the accelerator. And we know -- John and I know where to adjust that won't hurt the business. We continue to invest in innovation in different areas, too. But there are several areas of short-term investments that aren't going to help us in this current crisis that we'll obviously lean into and make sure that we preserve margins as much as we can.

Jeff, it's Joe. Look, the teen market, you're good to focus on that. I mean that's -- we look at that as a fairly secure market. Obviously, it can move up and down, but it won't have the volatility that you've seen in the adult market. And you comparing it against last year is a good way to look at it, given the Zoom effect and things we talked about before. So -- I mean, Jeff, that's why you see us launching these teen products right now and getting ready from a summer time standpoint.
We want to take advantage of that demand as much as we possibly can, especially in times like this. We know the adult market is going to be pressured. And I'm talking about the U.S. right now, but let's leave China out, because China is in a unique position in the sense of a lockdown that they're going through. But we're -- you're going to see us take the same tact in Europe also. And you saw our teen volume in Europe was actually pretty good in the first quarter.

We expect that teen volume to be good. Summer seasonality is there. And it's funny, there's a window for teens to really have their teeth treated. And we've known that here for years, and that's why we've prepared for teen season. And this year, honestly, Jeff, I feel better about our positioning for teens in United States and also in Europe than I have any time since I've been here, with these teen packs that we just talked about and how we'll go about it. I think we're well positioned to make further penetration in the teen market versus wires and brackets.

So you're like an Align historian, that's a good question, right? Because I can tell you, I wasn't here when that happened in Europe, but it's legendary here. But if you go back in time, I think our business in Europe was less than $10 million back then, okay? Now it's over $1 billion. And I think the whole world is much more acquainted with clear aligners than when it was back then. We were really pioneers at that point in time.
If you look at our DSP program, it's basically the same thing. They make commitments of how many aligners they're going to buy over a certain period of time. We haven't had any issues in DSP with having customers regress or not making those benchmarks. So we feel pretty good about where we are. I mean will we run into a few situations, I think we will. I think they'll be outliers, and we'll deal with them in time.

Jon, just to add to John's comments, too, is that as we look at April versus March, we haven't seen any momentum from an April standpoint, too. And we start from that standpoint also.

It's hard to be very discrete in the sense of what that impact is, Erin. But I'd say we obviously faced staffing shortages and things at different doctors in the first part of the first quarter that affected us. I'd say that drifted through to basically late February, early March. After that, you can -- if you watch the consumer confidence statistics in the United States, they've gone down pretty dramatically. And we started getting a lot of reports from our doctors that a patient is not saying no, but the patient is not as quick to say, yes, that they want a treatment.
And we hear that both in the GP segment and the orthodontic segment. So you can call that what you want to, okay? But we see some reticence in the marketplace to move forward with treatment. And again, it's not binary. It's not everybody is saying no, like in the heart of a deep recession or something we saw back in '07 or '08. It's just more cautiousness from people about their personal finances.

Well, I think I read your question. I think you're asking if it's competitive, because I mean, we're pretty clear on what we've been seeing around the globe and the United States from a macro standpoint, Kevin. So I just -- look, from a competition standpoint, we don't see any major issue with competition in the sense of being a factor in this demand cycle that we're talking about.

Kevin, our announcement and the way we communicate to the marketplace, we talk about this huge market, right? We're totally under-penetrated in the orthodontic segment, less than 10% of 21 million case starts a year, talk about what we see through the 500 million patients. So there's not a lack of demand out there and the lack of opportunity. There's not a competitive issue that we think is affecting our growth or our earnings.
And so obviously, COVID is part of this thing. Part of what we see in Europe was the Ukraine conflict that's going on today. And I think a significant amount of it is, too, is what we're seeing in the marketplace, too, from a consumer standpoint. I can't put any weighted averages on these things to give you an example.
And I think -- if I compare to -- when we last talked to you at the first couple of days of February, the way things have changed, those variables in that equation, I think, have changed pretty dramatically. So it's really hard to say going forward what that might be.

Kevin, this is a growth company, and it never leaves our thought process. So what are we trying to do? We're trying to run the play we always do. We're running these plays in a much more difficult market with more headwinds. That's all. And so we'll move these plays around. We'll look at them by country. We'll see what makes the most sense. We still keep a good strong focus on how we can grow and where we can grow, and we'll find those ways.

Yes.

I think a bolus you talked about -- I mean, that was interesting is what we saw after the last downturn, it was first like COVID. I mean I look at that, Mike, overall, is it just shows you the demand out there for our kind of procedures. So it's there. And so John and I aren't sitting here, predicting another bolus or a wave or whatever, but I think it just shows you the demand that exists in this business, and it can be pent up at times. We'll just have to see how the headwinds that we see filter through the marketplace and how it affects consumers and doctors.

Yes, it's Joe again. I just -- we have a really strong balance sheet to start with. It's great to have a strong balance sheet and really no net debt from a company standpoint. So look, I'm not an economist, but I'm not predicting a meltdown of our financial system like we saw in 2007, 2008. Depending on what Federal Reserve does or whatever, how we're going to see this adjustment as they try to attack inflation.
So look, we -- this business is incredibly healthy. It generates a lot of cash. It's extremely international now. And we have a lot of levers to pull and a lot of things to do to keep this business going. So -- but if something dire did happen, I feel we've got a balance sheet to be able to cover it, too, and we'll manage the business responsibly that way.
So I'd just tell you, don't give up on us, okay? We love this business. We love the position that it's in. We're confident about the future. We're just going to see how these headwinds hit and how they subside, and we'll be ready on either end of that to be able to position this company to do well.

Yes. Nate, I'll give you a quick rundown, and John can give you specifics, too. Look, we -- this is flattish to use your term. When you look at between March and April is more flattish than anything. But just remember, we have -- China is still our second biggest country in the world. It's locked down. Shanghai -- Beijing is going into lockdown. And that's not the first lockdown we've seen in China.
Remember, there are several provinces that were locked down before that, too. So that part of our business has really been impacted in a big way, and that's part of that flattishness that we're talking about, too. So we're seeing impact in every region of the world, but in different ways. And on the APAC side, particularly with China, it's dramatic.

I commented back to the other question, was asked about teens, right? The teen aspect in the orthodontic segment is pretty resilient, and that is a certain demographic that's always existed in the sense of the parents that they can afford that kind of treatment for young children. The adult segment, it's all over the place depending on -- sometimes, it's just teeth straightening. Some of the times, it's a broad orthodontic correction of what's going on.
We don't have any data in that adult segment to say that a certain score of certain -- by the score of certain much -- a certain amount would be fewer people taking treatment or whatever. I don't have that data. I don't know if John has seen it either. But you'd have to guess that the more your finances are impacted, the less you're going to sign up for a $3,500 to $7,000 treatment depending on what you want or how you're in a contract for it. So it's logical that certain demographics would be less willing at this point in time.

Elizabeth, it's Joe. I'd start with, still the market is broadly unpenetrated from a scanner standpoint. GP side, the ortho side. In ortho, that does a lot of Invisalign. They can have 4, 5, 6 scanners overall. So look, I've been with the GE Healthcare for years, ABB. I understand the capital equipment cycle. There is a true cycle in capital equipment. When people get concerned, they'll delay those kinds of purchases.
And I think, obviously, we have, what I would talk about, 250,000 doctors that we service today. Some of them are going to be worried about what their cash flow is going to look like. They're going to be reticent in the sense of saying they want to sign up for a scanner that can cost anywhere between $15,000 to $35,000 right now and what we sell. 
So I can't tell you by country or by region or whatever, but we didn't see things shut off. We just saw things, as the quarter got through, we just didn't have as strong as demand for iTero than we anticipated. So we'll have to -- obviously, we get into this quarter. We'll continue to watch it and see which way it goes. But there's going to be some more scrutiny, I think, around capital investment if doctors are seeing less traffic through their practices.

We didn't have any in the first quarter. We won't have any in the second quarter either.