Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide an overview of our Q2 results and discuss the performance of our 2 operating segments, Systems and Services and Clear Aligners. John will provide more detail on our financial performance and our view for the remainder of the year. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open the call to questions.
I'm pleased to report solid second quarter results with top line revenues relatively unchanged from Q1, and an operating margin of approximately 20%, despite unfavorable foreign exchange. The underlying market for orthodontics continues to be impacted by macroeconomic environment factors and lingering effects of COVID-19 variants in certain markets.
Notwithstanding these headwinds, we've remained focused on achieving our strategic initiatives, including opening new offices in the Middle East and Africa and our new manufacturing facility in Poland, launching new solutions to better support the way our customers want to do business. such as a Doctor Subscription Program, and Teen case packs, and announcing new products and innovation to help our doctors and their patients. These new innovations are revolutionizing the digital treatment planning and helping to drive the evolution of digital orthodontics and comprehensive dentistry.
Align is well positioned to withstand the current market conditions to lead a digital revolution in orthodontics and dentistry as the environment and growth trends improve. For Systems and Services , Q2 revenues were up 4.7% sequentially and up slightly year-over-year compared to Q2 '21 year-over-year growth of 215%. Q2 Systems and Services revenues increased sequentially driven by scanner volume growth in the Americas and APAC, partially offset by lower volume in EMEA, and unfavorable impact of foreign exchange. The iTero Element 5D imaging system continues to represent the majority of our scanner volume as doctors recognize the benefits of going digital.
In APAC, the iTero entry-level Flex scanner offering was up sequentially in Q2, reflecting increased adoption. I'm also pleased with sequentially increasing services revenues in Q2, reflecting growth from the installed base. Services revenues represent approximately 40% of our Systems and Services business. For our Clear Aligner segment, Q2 revenues were down slightly sequentially and down 5.1% year-over-year compared to our Q2 '21 record year-over-year revenue growth of 182%.
For the quarter, Q2 Clear Aligner volumes reflect sequential growth across the Americas and parts of EMEA, partially offset by China and U.K. Q2 Invisalign case starts for teens and younger patients was 177,300 up slightly sequentially and down 2.1% year-over-year compared to Q2 last year when our Teen case shipment growth rate was an all-time high. For Q2, Invisalign First for kids as young as 6 years old, grew year-over-year and was strong across all regions.
During Q2, we introduced Invisalign Teen packs in the U.S. and Canada and France. Teen packs is our new subscription program, which enables orthodontists to buy clear aligners and packs in advance, similar to the way they buy wires and brackets today. Our Teen case pack simplified the ordering process and make the billing more predictable for doctors. Teen case packs also include exclusive practice development benefits with the Invisalign brand and requires an incremental volume commitment from doctors.
To date, enrollment has been encouraging with early adoptions highest among doctors who have not historically used Invisalign aligners to treat their teen patients. For other non-case revenues, which include retention products such as Vivera Retainers, clinical training and education, accessories, e-commerce and our new subscription programs such as our DSP revenues, were up both sequentially and year-over-year. For retainers, Q2 shipments had strong momentum with sequential and year-over-year growth across all regions driven by both submitters and utilization.
Momentum in our Doctor Subscription Program continued and Q2 revenues increased over 60% sequentially.
Now let's turn to the specifics around our second quarter results, starting with the Americas. For the Americas region, Q2 Invisalign case volumes were up sequentially, reflecting increased submissions from the orthodontic channel and increased utilization from the GP channel. From a product standpoint, Q2 sequential Invisalign case growth reflects increases in both comprehensive and noncomprehensive products, including Invisalign First and Invisalign Moderate. Q2 also benefited from increased utilization in the DSO channel.
Our international Clear Aligners, Q2 Invisalign case volumes were down 1.7% sequentially, primarily as a result of the headwinds described previously. For EMEA, Q2 Invisalign case volumes were down slightly primarily reflecting a slight increase in Iberia and Italy, offset primarily by slightly lower sequential volumes in the U.K. and France. For Q2, expansion market shipments declined sequentially. Q2 Invisalign teen patients increased sequentially driven by an increase in the number of doctors submitting teen cases.
Turning to APAC. Invisalign case volumes were down slightly, reflecting a full quarter effect of continued lockdowns in China. For Q2, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Japan and India performed well during the quarter. On a year-over-year basis, Invisalign case shipments growth was strong in Japan, India, Taiwan, Thailand and Korea. The APAC teen case volume increased year-over-year, primarily driven by increased doctor submitters.
Turning to new innovations. The Align Digital Platform is an integrated suite of proprietary technologies and services delivered as a seamless end-to-end solution to customers that connects all users, doctors, labs patients and consumers to transform smiles, and change lives. Our technology advancements help our doctor customers deliver superior clinical outcomes, treatment efficiency and also superior patient experience. 
In Q2, we introduced Invisalign Outcome Simulator Pro and Cone Beam Computed Tomography systems integration for ClinCheck software, building on several new innovations announced last quarter that we'll begin rolling out across the regions in August. Invisalign Outcome Simulator Pro, the next-generation patient communication tool that empowers doctors to help patients visualize their potential new smile after Invisalign treatment. Use in-phase visualization in 3D dentition view, all done chairside in minutes.
Cone Beam Computed Tomography systems, or what we call CBCT, integration for ClinCheck software is designed to deliver a complete view of a patient's roots, crown and jawbone. CBCT integration for ClinCheck software enables doctors to confidently deliver a more informed Invisalign clear liner treatment plan or a wide range of cases. The user-friendly interface makes it easy for doctors to see their patients root, crown and jawbone and 1 automatically digitally fused 3D model. This allows doctors to tailor their treatment, plan based on their experience and their patients' needs. CBCT integration for ClinCheck software gives doctors the control and confidence to expand treatment planning to a broad range of mal inclusions, including surgical, restorative, expansion, extraction as well as teen cases with impacted or unerupted teeth.
While it's still early in the commercialization of these new products, initial feedback from doctors is encouraging. We are excited to begin scaling them across our customer base in the second half of 2022. Also, during the quarter, we awarded 11 new research grants totaling $275,000 to universities around the world. Through our annual research awards program, we help advance orthodontic and dental research, furthering our commitment to the future of digital orthodontics and restorative dentistry.
Our consumer marketing is focused on educating consumers about the Invisalign system, and driving that demand to Invisalign doctors offices, ultimately capitalizing on the massive market opportunity to transform 500 million smiles. For Q2, we had over 16.2 million visits to our websites, a 15% year-over-year increase, and delivered over 6.3 billion impressions. Both metrics were lower versus Q1 as we chose to rightsize our size and media spend in Q2 given the macroeconomic environment.
During the quarter, we built on our successful "Invis is" multimedia campaign and launched in the U.S. the next evolution with 2 new campaigns, "Invis is trauma-free", targeted at teens, and "Invis is when everything clicks", targeted at adults. Our Invis is trauma-free campaign highlights the benefits of Invisalign treatment, while numerously juxtaposing teens with the significant hassles involved with using braces. Our Invis is when everything clicks campaign showcases of Invisalign treatment transforming smiles and the resulting confidence it gives to young adults. Both campaigns will be rolled out to markets around the world in Q3.
Advancing of our consumer patient app, My Invisalign, continued to increase with 1.8 million downloads to date. Uses of our 4 digital tools continues to increase, for example, Invisalign virtual appointment tool was used over 12,000 times, and our insurance verification feature was used 36,000 times in Q2. Further, we received more than 91,000 patient photos in our virtual care feature globally, which continues to provide us with rich data to leverage our artificial intelligence capabilities and improve our services for doctors and patients. Additional consumer demand metrics are included in our Q2 earnings slides posted on our website.  
We are pleased with our Q2 Systems and Services revenues, which were up 5% sequentially and up 1% year-over-year. Q2 sequential growth primarily reflects higher scanner volumes in the Americas and APAC, in increased subscriptions. Year-over-year results primarily reflect increased scanner revenues in the Americas, offset by lower volume in APAC and EMEA. Growth of our iTero scanner installed base is driving an increase in services revenue.  
On a year-over-year basis, Systems and Services growth reflects increased service revenues from our largest scanner installed base, higher subscription revenues and increased sales of scanner once leased. The number of intraoral digital scans used for Invisalign case submissions in Q2 reflect continued adoption of our digital scanners and our larger installed base. Total worldwide intraoral digital scan submitted to start an Invisalign case in Q2 increased 88.4% from 82.2% in Q2 of last year. 
International intraoral digital scans for Invisalign case submissions increased 84.4%, up from 76.2% in Q2 of last year. For the Americas, 91.4% of Invisalign cases were submitted using an intraoral digital scan compared to 87% in Q2 last year. Cumulatively, over 60.4 million orthodontic scans and over 12.6 million restorative scans have been performed with iTero scanners.  
Our Q2 exocad CAD/CAM products and services, which include restorative dentistry, implantology, guided surgery and smile design offerings are included in our Systems and Services revenue. Exocad products and services are helping extend our digital dental solutions and broaden the aligned digital platform towards fully integrated interdisciplinary end-to-end workflows. During the quarter, exocad released dental CAD 3.1 Rijeka in the new powerful lab software, which saves design time and offers more intuitive workflows along the designs earning from CAD to CAM. 
In addition, the release -- the exocad release launched the new, myexocad, portal, introducing mandatory end-user software use registration that for the first time, allows exocad to collect information about who and how customers are using the software. This expands the opportunities for future product improvements. Also during the quarter, we signed a new long-term contract with exocad largest customer, [indiscernible], further strengthening our relationship.  
Finally, we continue to execute our strategy of geographic expansion. In June, our European manufacturing facility in Wroclaw, Poland, began manufacturing clear aligners for the EMEA region, locally, for the first time. We also continued our operational expansion in Poland with our latest treatment planning facility. 
Our expanded operation in Poland supports Invisalign doctors in local languages, increases our flexibility and timeliness in supporting our doctor customers across the region, and we expect will positively influence the quality and time of preparation of ClinCheck treatment plans and provide our doctor customers with benefits of digital orthodontics with the Invisalign system. We are uniquely positioned with manufacturing and treatment planning in all 3 regions, and no other clear aligner manufacturer has our global footprint and capabilities.  
With that, I'll now turn the call over to John.

Thanks, John. Closing Q2 in the first half of 2022 has proved to be tougher than we expected. As we continue to navigate macroeconomic uncertainty and weaker consumer confidence and impacts related to COVID-19 variance, we cannot lose sight of the strong fundamentals of our business and the enormous market opportunity for digital orthodontics and restorative dentistry.
The decisions we make this year will have lasting strategic implications for the future of our industry and the competitive landscape. We are holding true to our business strategy, and making good progress in a very difficult operating environment. We remain committed to balancing investments to drive growth and long-term strategic priorities with near-term headwinds while acting with a sense of urgency to ensure that we're ready to capitalize and extend our global innovation leadership as growth resumes.
Thanks for your time today. We look forward to updating you on our next earnings call.
With that, I'll turn it over to the operator. Operator?

Nate, it's a -- if you look at this from a domestic standpoint, you can pull out some signal, but I think you have to when you're asking a demand question like that, you have to look at this globally. And I think like John and I were just clear in our introduction that basically, if you took Asia, COVID-19 impacted us pretty tremendously in Asia. Japan for a little bit in the first part of the quarter and China almost throughout the quarter. So it was really a COVID discussion there, and it's hard to pull a demand signal out.
In the United States, I mean, if you look at the data that we do, you'll see from a general practitioner standpoint or whatever, some stability in patient vision to what's going on. Our concern here is, obviously, this is a product where -- like a cap or a crown or cleaning or something that needs to be done, it's somewhat discretionary. And we see that from an adult standpoint, more variability in adult selection than in teens. Teens have been pretty stable in that way if we talked about before.  
Moving over to Europe. We're working off 300% growth rates in Europe last year, okay, which you kind of have to internalize that. It's a pretty big comparison year-on-year. And there weren't standard vacations being taken in Europe to the beginning of the end of the second quarter and the third quarter.  
So overall, I'd say, as you look around the globe, I fee like -- I felt good, as we mentioned in the script, about Q1 versus Q2 and pretty much the same kind of demand pattern. But right now, I can't really give you a trajectory for the third quarter and the fourth quarter because of the macro environment, concerns again in China from another COVID shutdown and those types of things. I hope that makes sense, Nate.

For sure. I mean it's direct correlation there as soon as they let Shanghai open again, we saw it reflected in our order rates there. And look, we continue to feel good about China in a stable market. It's just the dramatic way that China continues to address COVID cases by major cities. This just creates a huge amount of uncertainty as when the next lockdown will be.

That's a good question, Elizabeth. Obviously, in our sales force -- being a direct sales force is really important to us in that way. And so the way we do this, obviously, as you indicated, we hire a lot of salespeople upfront. We have sales training programs too that help to initiate them as they come into the corporation.
But I would tell you, depending on where you are around the globe, there is a 6-month and 9-month burn-in period before you really feel that they're up to speed. They understand the Invisalign system, the digital platform and those types of things. So I would say in some simpler kinds of situations geographically, it could be 6 months. But in general, it's 9 months or so before we have confidence that they're going to be really good on their feet as they talk to our doctors.

Yes. Keep in mind, we see a lot more concern from an adult standpoint, when you look year-over-year in the sense of our order growth in adults, I mean it's been affected Elizabeth, and there's a lot of data that we produce that will show you that. On the teen side, it's hard to pull a lot of the second quarter because it really starts in the third quarter. But I felt overall good about it, but again, not surprised because we've always felt that teens have a certain window of time from a treatment standpoint. And so it's not necessarily an emotional purchase in a way, it's usually planned for and anticipated. And what we saw between the second quarter and beginning of the third quarter, it really bears that out.

Jon, on the teen side, remember, we kind of lost -- or we had a muted signal on the teen side. It needs to be very clear from quarter-to-quarter before COVID. If you remember last year, it was much more muted. This year, we're hoping to see a less muted cycle. And I think we're starting to feel that, Jon. So it's -- I don't think you can look too much between -- what we're doing between the first quarter and second quarter and pull a clear teen signal out of there. 
The other thing on teen too is there's always competitive concern with other clear aligner whatever. But basically, this is a wires and brackets competition with us. It's always been and continues to be that way. And in new products that we're launching these teen packs, we feel good about them. They've been -- as I mentioned in my script too, they've been received well. And it's been with the lower-end orthodontics from our standpoint that haven't done a lot of teen cases in the past. And that's a segment that we were fishing for to give them more confidence to be able to move in with teens.
So we're not declaring victory, but we feel we have a good product that's timed well. And we're not seeing the cycles in the teen marketplace as we're seeing in the adult marketplace. And obviously, Jon, as we get through the third quarter, we'll have a much better understanding of how we turn out that way. But I didn't pull anything out between the first and the second quarter that concerned me.

Yes. I'll start with the China and kind of move backwards, Jon. And I'll get John involved here, too. But from the China side, obviously, we saw what you published there, whatever, but I looked at a Angelalign numbers, and it's basically same thing we experienced. I mean, we experienced a shutdown of Shanghai, slowdowns in some other regions, and there was nothing in those numbers that really surprised me. As I look at China, our ability to compete there. I feel great about it. And again, our investments we've made there in treatment planning and manufacturing. We've only added to that. The efficiency of those organizations have done well. 
Our product is great for that marketplace, and some of the most difficult cases that we encounter exist there, too. So I feel good about our ability to compete in that market against Angel or anyone else who's there. We just need a stable marketplace that we can operate in, and it hasn't been stable for -- goodness what -- it's been, what, almost 2 years. 
And I mean I just read this morning, the Wuhan's looking at the close down. So I mean, Jon, there's a lot of variability there, a concern with COVID and shutdowns, particularly in the second half of this year in China, but I continue to be concerned about that can disrupt the marketplace. But if that stays clear, we're going to have China in the second half that we can operate from. To answer your question, I feel good about our competitive position there, our ability to compete against with anyone.

And Jon, sorry, just staying back to your second question...

Go ahead, Jon.

Well, I'd say, Jon, expecting anything in this market might be a sign of a low IQ. When you look at what's going on in China, I'm not going to sit here and tell you I expect a stable market in the second half based on their COVID policies. So I hope -- from the United States standpoint, there's a lot going on, trying to explain to the teen market overall outside of China, I feel is the most stable market we have, and the one that we're ready to compete with, and we're moving into seasonality, what really makes a difference.
We have -- we're positioned well with products. But as you know, Jon, as well as anybody, that's always been a wires and brackets marketplace. We've been taking share 1.5 points, 2 points a year. We're hoping some moves we make can make that better, but we'll know a lot more when the third quarter is over in that sense.

Just to answer your last part of your question first, Jeff. No, we have a lot of room to grow in the Americas, too, in United States, Canada, but also you have to throw in Latin America and Brazil in that. There's a lot of growth, John and I have ported over these numbers a lot. 
What happens -- I feel, if you back these numbers up before really the big surge in orders that we had before, we can draw a line through these things. It doesn't upset us. You have to split orthos and GPs very clearly. Remember, you have some GPs that do like 3 cases a year. As things kind of slow down, they'll be out of the circulation for a while and then they order another and whatever. And these numbers will go up 81,000, 82,000, we'll see them go up and down. But don't look at this in any way as that we're saturated in this marketplace, both from an orthodontic standpoint and a GP standpoint.
Jeff, the other thing too, I think, that people forget from an orthodontic standpoint is that our orthodontists who do teens. These are orthodontists that are really committed to Invisalign for the most part, and they do a lot of teens. But we still have a significant amount of orthodontists who do Invisalign almost exclusively for adults. And so you'll see that whole piece from a utilization standpoint as we increase our team penetration, you should see the utilization rates there improve.

I'll answer the U.K. piece first. The U.K. was outstanding for us last year. Remember, Europe grew 300% for us last year, Jeff, right? The U.K. led that. So I'm sure that U.K. number is higher than what that aggregate number is. And so what you're seeing is kind of adult kind of a retrenchment in the U.K. from an order standpoint, but not an indication of a utilization issue that I'd say, across the doctor base that we have in the U.K. John, I don't know...

You mean flip the switch as far as up or down?

Yes. I mean, obviously, obviously, we saw our adults dramatically decreased. And so the return on investment in some specific geographies. John and I take a look at it, and we don't eliminate it, but we reduce it in accordance with what we think the demand pattern is. And we spread it around into other countries that we feel we can get a higher return on. And we're just basically sizing our advertising to what we think the demand patterns are around the business in different areas. 
And so I wouldn't look at this as any way that we'll continue to advertise aggressively and promote our brand and to drive value in our change to bring customers to our doctor base, but we can be responsible to we can advertise at the rate that we did last year when we were growing at over 100% in a lot of these regions, we have to modify it somewhat in order to address that demand pattern.

And the region that you mentioned were really underpenetrated, huge opportunity. I mean we've seen great progress in Brazil. We're seeing good progress in India. Reported in -- I mean, it's -- when we talk about those 500 million patients, they're out there. And the way to get them is we do -- we put salespeople in place. We put the right kind of capability on the ground. This is a direct sales force that you have to have in order to sell our product line. 
But to answer your specific question, the penetration rates aren't even close. And that's -- again, you can see that in our script, that's how we remain so confident that in a stable environment, we'll continue to perform really well.

Yes. I'll let John take a shot at this, too. But I would say, I mean, obviously, you talk about easier comps. I mean when you're comping against 300% growth, like we just talked about, it's one of the tougher comps on a large number I've had in my business career. And so obviously, when you get some light on that line, it helps somewhat. But consumer confidence, I'd say, outside of the COVID, the way I'd look at the business again is COVID affected Asia in a big way.
We had some COVID staffing issues or whatever, but predominantly in the West, it's consumer confidence that we look at. And so those consumer confidence numbers start to equalize, start to get better. Some of the ones we look in Europe are all-time lows. I feel that means a lot. It means that means more to meet in those comparisons years from here. We would report more confidence in consumers in a trend where in that kind of environment, we think we see the adult cases resume at a pace that we'd be equal to our long-term growth rate.

Yes. No, Jason, that's okay. I look at the United States too is -- I just give you consumer confidence more than anything. Not just saying that there's no big variant issue or something that happens with COVID. We're all kind of have PTSD in that sense and what we experienced over the last 2 years. But yes, I like the comparison year-over-year. That's going to be helpful. But those consumer confidence numbers, whether I'm talking about Europe or I'm talking about the States, those are the ones that we stay glued to that we think are a really good indicator in the sense of our market, and that adult market that we appeal to, both in the GP segment in the adult market and the orthodontic segment, too. John, anything?

I mean rightsizing, when I hear words like that, it means that we've gone to the layoffs, so we haven't laid anything off. Remember, we -- any one off in that sense. We normally hire to a 20% to 30% growth rate. And so -- and we -- our OpEx spend is in that range, too. So obviously, we didn't -- we couldn't hire in that range. And so if you call that a cutback, it's a cutback from our normal OpEx. 
What we do is we normally balance OpEx to revenue at about a 50% range, and there's a lot of variables in that line from an OpEx standpoint that we can go about. Remember, our most important areas that we want to make sure we take care of is our commercial team, our engineering effort and also our marketing. We know those are really key. And we focus on those, and we balance the business around them. John, anything you want to add?

Our normal growth pattern between the second quarter and the third quarter is flat to down 1 percentage point or so. John can confirm that. So the second quarter to third quarter is a big teen season, but there's other parts of our portfolio that kind of balance out with that. It's not traditionally a jump from second to third quarter. But again, we're focused on teens because we feel teens have a lot less elasticity than what adults have right now based on the consumer confidence level. 
So I just -- but I'd just caution you here. Remember, this is a wires and brackets play. It's something that's systemic that we have worked on for years. We have many new products like Invisalign First, Mandibular Advancement and several new teen products that help us with this. The new teen packs help also. We think we're well positioned, but we have to get into the quarter and be able to assess how well that market is actually holding up. John, anything...

Yes. I'll start with -- I mean, obviously, we had trouble selling scanners in China because China shut down. And China is one of our bigger markets, it's between China and Japan and Asia. So I didn't look at that so much as and overall market problem, I looked at that as more of a COVID problem. And so hopeful of, as I mentioned before, if that COVID stays clear, that will write itself. 
United States, just a good job by the team, strong demand there. 5D plus tends to be the really strong scanner out there. On the restorative side, dentists liking the NIRI, the near-infrared technology for caries detection and orthodontists continue like the exactness of how our workflows at all from an overall iTero standpoint. So I feel good about the Americas and what the performance was in that piece. And as I mentioned in my script, is 40% with a large installed base now, 40% is services, too, which is really helpful in that business overall.
And look, I feel good about -- again, our scanners in Europe compared to get some pretty big numbers again last year. So I wouldn't be blinded by the year-over-year number in that sense. But Europe has the added pressure right now from a Ukraine standpoint. It's just -- it wears on the consumer sentiment piece. I think it makes doctors a little more reluctant and -- but there's -- I feel good about our position in Europe from a scanner standpoint. And as the market hopefully starts to stabilize here, we'll see that business that we had return loans.

I'll turn it over to John. But first of all is, remember, we don't carry inventory in this business outside of scanners. So it's a real-time business. We don't have any inventory to reflect from or any -- very little business from a week-to-week standpoint. So I'll move it over to John, but keep that in mind that we kind of feel these trends early on both ends. As the economy picks up, we'll probably feel it first. And as it turns down, we feel it by just the nature of the business first.

It's Joe. Look, I think you've seen that -- I feel we've been responsible in the sense of adjusting the business to a lower demand signal than the business is used to having. I think you saw us respond the same way when COVID hit in March of 2020, and how we ran the business. If it gets worse, and it could get worse is the way -- I mean from the standpoint of whatever happens from an economic standpoint. 
I'd just say that, look, John and I come from businesses where we've been through these cycles. We know how to operate in a down cycle. We run a business that way. This is a growth business, and we'll treat it as a growth business, but we're responsible from a standpoint of making sure that we adjust this business to whatever economic conditions that we see out there.