Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide an overview of our Q3 results and discuss the performance of our 2 operating segments, System and Services and Clear Aligners. John will provide more detail on our financial performance and our view for the remainder of the year. Following that, I'll come back, summarize a few key points and open the call to questions. 
Our third quarter results reflect the continued macroeconomic uncertainty and weaker consumer confidence as well as significant impact from unfavorable foreign exchange rates across currencies that affect our operations. On a constant currency basis, total Q3 revenues were reduced by $25 million or 2.7% sequentially and $57.4 million or 6.1% year-over-year, one of the largest quarterly foreign exchange impacts in our history. We remain confident in the execution of our strategic growth drivers despite the continuing economic headwinds.  
In Q3, we reached our 14 millionth Invisalign patient milestone during the quarter, which includes nearly 4 million teenagers and kids as young as 6 years old, who have been treated with Invisalign clear aligners. In Q3, teen case starts of 200,000 were up 13% sequentially and just off slightly compared to Q3 '21 a year ago with a record 206,000 teenagers started Invisalign treatment. We're also excited to be launching significantly new products and technologies that further enhance the Align Digital Platform, leading the digital transformation are the practice of dentistry. 
During the quarter, we also began to commercialize ClinCheck Live Update software, Invisalign Practice App, Invisalign Personal Plan, Invisalign Smile Architect, the Invisalign Outcome Simulator Pro with in-face visualization, Cone Beam Computed Tomography with ClinCheck software Invisalign, Virtual AI software and iTero-exocad Connector.
These technology advancements represent an important expansion of our digital platform that we believe will help our doctor customers increase treatment efficiency and deliver superior clinical outcomes and patient experiences, positioning us to drive growth when the market inevitably rebounds. We'll be showcasing these innovations next month at the Invisalign Ortho Summit, Las Vegas, the premier education and networking experience for Invisalign practices with the most peer-to-peer presentations of any Invisalign education event.  
Through Q3, Systems and Services, interest in our iTero scanners was good with increased product demos across the regions. Doctors are increasingly recognizing the substantial benefits of intraoral scanning and end-to-end digital workflows with the iTero scanner and imaging systems. At the same time, increasing inflation, rising interest rates and less patient traffic and dental practices are lengthening sales cycles and conversion time.  
For Q3, System and Services revenues of $157.5 million were down sequentially year-over-year. On a constant currency basis, unfavorable foreign exchange reduced Q3 '22 Systems and Services revenues by approximately $4.1 million or 2.5% sequentially and approximately $9.9 million or 5.9% year-over-year. For Q3, scanner services year-over-year revenue growth was strong across all regions, particularly due to increased subscription revenue driven by growth of the installed base of iTero scanners.  
Year-over-year growth also reflects increased sales of iTero warranties and continued growth of our scanner leasing rental programs. We continue to work closely with our doctor customers to support their practice growth and digital transformation goals. This includes understanding different ways to enable them to navigate to more uncertain economic environment. Over the past year, we've had good success rolling out new leasing programs in Latin America and certified preowned or CPO, as we call it, options in India and North America.  
We're also looking at new opportunities on the capital equipment side for our DSO partners. This is a natural progression in an equipment business with a large and growing installed base. As we introduce new products, there are more opportunities for customers to upgrade to make trade-ins and to provide refurbished scanners for emerging markets, too. We expect to continue to roll out programs that are especially helpful for customers in the current macroeconomic environment.  
It's selling the way doctors and customers want to do business and leveraging our balance sheet. We're still early, we're pleased with the contribution of margin accretion we're seeing. 
For our Clear Aligner segment, macroeconomic uncertainty and waiting consumer confidence continues to impact the dental market overall, making for a challenging operating environment across the board. For Q3, third-party reports indicate there are fewer new patient visits, less traffic flow and lower orthodontic case starts overall.  
Our Clear Aligner volumes further reflect the underlying orthodontic market trends and a shift away from adults toward teens in Q3. Q3 Clear Aligner revenues were down 8.2% sequentially and down 12.5% year-over-year compared to Q3 '21 year-over-year revenue growth rates of plus 35%. On a constant currency basis, Q3 '22 Clear Aligner revenues were reduced by unfavorable foreign exchange of approximately $21 million or approximately 2.8% sequentially and approximately $47.4 million or approximately 6.1% year-over-year.  
For the quarter, Q3 Aligner volumes reflect a sequential increase in Invisalign shipments from Asia Pacific and Latin America as well as North America Invisalign teen cases offset by lower volume in EMEA and North America, primarily Invisalign adult cases. For Q3, Invisalign First for kids as young as 6 grew year-over-year and was strong across all regions. On a trailing 12-month basis, as of Q3, Invisalign Clear Aligner shipments for teens and young kids using Invisalign First up year-over-year to over 734,000 cases.  
For Q3, the total number of new Invisalign trained doctors increased sequentially 8.5% driven by North America and Asia Pacific. In terms of Invisalign submitters, the total number of doctors shipped to for Q3 increased sequentially to 84,400 doctors, the second highest number this year, driven by Asia Pacific and the Americas. From a channel perspective, ortho submitters were slightly year-over-year up, especially from doctors submitting teen cases, offsetting -- offset by a few GP dentists year-over-year, especially in EMEA.  
For other non-case revenues, which include retention products such as Vivera retainers, clinical training and education, accessories, e-commerce and our new subscription programs such as our DSP, Q3 revenues were up both sequentially and year-over-year. This reflects strong growth in retainers sequentially and year-over-year growth across all regions, driven by more submitters. 
In U.S., revenues for our doctor subscription program increased sequentially and year-over-year. I'm very pleased to see continued momentum in non-case revenues driven by subscription-based programs that we expect to continue to expanding across the business.  
Now let's turn to the specifics around the third quarter results, starting with the Americas. The Q3 Invisalign case volumes for Americas were down sequentially single-digit percentages and primarily due to lower Invisalign bulk shipments. The environment remains challenging and feedback from our customers indicates consumer financing and patient no shows affecting their practices in Q3, especially with adult patients. Q3 Invisalign volume also reflects increased case submissions from orthodontic channel and sequential growth in the teen segment.  
For Q3, teen patients were most resilient, reflecting continued momentum in younger patients with Invisalign First as well as the new Invisalign Teen case pack. During Q3, Invisalign Teen case packs grew both sequentially and year-over-year. 
As a reminder, Invisalign Teen case packs, a new subscription program that enables orthodontists to buy clear aligners and packs in advance. They also include exclusive practice development benefits with the Invisalign brand and require an incremental volume commitment from doctors. Teen case packs are currently available in the U.S., Canada and France, and we expect to be expanded more in EMEA region. 
Turning to our international business for Q3, Invisalign Clear Aligner volume was down very slightly sequentially, 1.4%, with strong sequential growth for APAC, offset by lower volume in EMEA. For EMEA, Q3 operating environment was challenging. Inflation in the Eurozone is more than 10% and global macroeconomic factors weighed on consumer sentiment and purchasing decisions, especially for adult patients, which compounded the impact of Q3 summer seasonality. Similar to the Americas, doctors in EMEA also reported increased appointment cancellations and the impact of less patients financing their purchases.  
EMEA teen patients also resilient in Q3 increased sequentially in Iberia as well as France, where we introduced teen case packs during the quarter. In APAC, Q3 sequential growth was led by China, Japan and ANZ despite ongoing COVID restrictions and lockdowns in parts of China and Japan. On a year-over-year basis, Invisalign case volumes reflected increased shipments across almost all markets, led by Taiwan, Thailand, India and Korea, driven by increased submitters.  
In Q3, APAC sequential growth also reflects strong demand from our expanded Invisalign clear aligner product portfolio in China. Recall in late April, Q2, we introduced 2 new products that better serve the expanding market in China. Invisalign Adult and Invisalign Standard clear aligners leverage our proven technology while broadening our appeal to more consumer segments. Q3 was the first full quarter offering these new products that provide doctors and patients in China with broader clinical and affordable options for moderate-to-complex adult cases.  
Finally, I'm pleased to share that the Invisalign system was recently awarded the Good Design Award for 2022, making it the first orthodontic appliance to win the prestigious award in Japan. In the judge's assessment of the Invisalign system, they emphasized that the opportunity for teeth straightening is high in Japan and cited the barrier to adoption by Japanese consumers is resistance to metal braces and praised the Invisalign system as an orthodontic solution that can improve the quality of life during treatment.  
We certainly recognize the importance of the Japanese market for digital orthodontics and is one of the reasons we opened our first office in Tokyo nearly 15 years ago and established treatment planning operations in Yokohama a few years ago. 
Turning to new innovations, we continue to deliver our technology road map. As I mentioned earlier, during the quarter, we began to commercialize several new products and services that we previously announced would come to market in the second half of 2022. These technology advancements illustrate our commitment to continuous innovation in digital orthodontics, and we remain excited about the transformational projects that we're working on as we continue to drive the evolution of our industry.  
No other dental company has the experience, including over 14 million patients treated to date to lead the transformation of the practice of dentistry. Our consumer marketing focus on educating consumers about the Invisalign system and driving that demand to Invisalign doctor's offices ultimately capitalize on the massive market opportunity to transform 500 million smiles globally. In Q3, we built on our successful Invis Is media campaign and continued our launch of the Invis is Drama Free, targeted at teens and Invis When Everything Clicks, targeted at adults.  
Our teen campaign, Invis is Drama Free highlights the benefits of Invisalign while humorously juxtaposing them with the significant trade-offs involved with using braces. Our Invis is When Everything Clicks campaign showcases Invisalign treatment transforming smiles and the resulting confidence it gives to young adults. 
During Q3, we had over 4.3 billion impressions delivered in 14 million visits to our website, a 1.6% year-over-year increase as a result of rightsizing our media investments. We're also rightsizing our consumer media investments across all core EMEA markets, impacting the impressions and unique visits. 
In U.S., we continued our influencer and creator-centric campaigns, partnering with leading smile squad creators like Olympic Gold Medalist, Suni Lee, Michael Le, Josh Richards and Marsai Martin. Each of these creators shared their personal experience of Invisalign treatment and why they chose to transform their smile with Invisalign aligners.  
Most recently, Suni Lee shared her positive experience with Invisalign in major media programming include Good Morning America, people.com, resulting in over 93 million impressions. We continue to invest in consumer advertising across APAC region, resulting in a 72% year-over-year increase in impressions and 29% year-over-year increase in unique visitors.  
Our ongoing campaigns were omnipresent across the top social media platforms such as TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, and YouTube to increase the awareness of the Invisalign brand with young adults and teens. In Q3, we launched a global plot on the Roblox platform within the popular game LiveTopia creating a fun experience for players to learn about the benefits of Invisalign treatment.  
To date, we had over 5.9 million impressions delivered in over 2.6 million unique visitors on the game experience. Adoption of My Invisalign Consumer and Patient app continues to increase with 2 plus 2 million (sic) [2.2 plus million ] downloads to date. Usage of our key digital tools also continued to increase. Live update was used by 41,000 doctors or more than 395,000 cases, reduced time spent in modifying treatment by 18%. Invisalign Practice app has been downloaded 314,000 times to date.  
Further, we received more than 110,000 patient photos in our virtual care capability to date, providing rich global data to leverage our AI capabilities and improve our services for doctors and patients. The investments that we make to drive patient demand and conversion to support our doctor customers is unparalleled in our industry, leveraging the global recognition of the Invisalign system.  
No other dental company equals our brand strength today. For more details on our consumer marketing programs, please see our Q3 '22 earnings and conference slides. 
Turning to exocad. Overall, I'm very pleased with our progress with the exocad business and its leadership and restorative dentistry. In addition to the iTero-exocad Connector, I mentioned previously, during the quarter, we also introduced iTero NIRI, NIRI is near infrared technology intraoral camera images and are now automatically imported into dental CAD when designing restorations, enabling technicians to visualize the internal and external tooth structure and optimize the process of margin line tracing.  
The new xSnap module is a model attachment for a printable 3D articulated system, featuring a spherical head, which allows a precisely executed movement. And Ivoclar's Ivotion Dental System, a complete workflow for digital production of high-quality removable dentures is now available on exocad. Together, the iTero and exocad product portfolios help accelerate the digital transformation of dental practices by facilitating the way doctors and labs collaborate to deliver better care for their patients.  
As part of the Align Digital platform, the integration of iTero's digital scanning and exocad's complete software solution delivers seamless end-to-end digital workflows from diagnosis to treatment, planning and then fabrication. Customers are already utilizing the automated workflows, unlocking efficiencies and productivities, which are more important than ever in the current economic climate. 
With the recent integration of iTero NIRI and intraoral camera images unique to iTero Element 5D imaging systems and exocad Rijeka software release, Align is redefining restorative visualization and treatment planning for the doctors and labs.  
We are committed to continuing and innovating in the dental industry to drive efficiency and clinical excellence for the benefit of our customers and their patients. 
With that, I'll now turn it over to John.

Thanks, John. As we continue to navigate a macroeconomic uncertainty, weaker consumer confidence and the lingering impacts of COVID-19 shutdowns primarily in China and Japan, we remain focused on our strategic initiatives as well as the incredible market opportunity for digital dentistry and our products. 
We believe our unwavering drive to transform smiles and change lives for millions of people around the world is on one other clear aligner company can match and positions us to better address this market opportunity. Regardless of the operating environment, we are committed to balancing investments to drive growth and long-term strategic priorities that will transform the practice of dentistry and strengthen our business. 
These are uncertain times. Every business is being impacted by macroeconomic environmental uncertainty. In addition, as a multinational company based in the United States with roughly half of our sales outside the country, the negative impact from unfavorable foreign exchange has been like anything I've ever seen in my career.  
We will continue to invest in digital solutions and demand creation to help doctors and their patients. We are committed to doctor-directed care and transforming the industry together while working through these global macro-economic challenges. 
Thank you for your time today. We look forward to updating you on our next earnings call. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions. Operator?

Jason, we started with not high expectations to begin with, all right? But I would say the U.S. market panned out the way we thought overall, maybe a little more strength in Latin America, a little momentum despite the elections and some economics there. 
Europe just wasn't quite as strong as what we thought. And as we tried to explain in my notes that I really feel it's just -- it's the uncertainty that circulates Europe right now and Ukraine situation doesn't help either. From an Asia standpoint, we're affected by COVID again. We saw it in China, even though we had growth in China, which was respectable and in Japan also, but we saw the market impact in those 2 areas, too. 
I felt great about it's a smaller part of the business, but Korea, Taiwan, Thailand and other businesses that were up significantly, but our major 3 were still affected, primarily the 3 is Australia and China and Japan with some COVID issues. So it's a way of saying, I think in general, we anticipated where we are, we were hoping for the best year. But what really grabs me to, Jason, maybe I'm giving you too much for your call is that the teen demand, we felt good about overall across the globe in the United States, too. 
The teen packs did well overall. And obviously, we'll roll that out in other parts of the world, too. The adult -- the impact on the adult cases is what was -- to me, is astounding in the sense, and you see that flow through the orthodontic community, the GP community too. And that's not just in the United States, we see that all over the world.

Jason, it's a fair question. First of all, I'll turn it over to John, but I'm the one that gave that 20% operating margin piece. I had no idea, you'd see international currency swings and the way we've seen it. I've been in these jobs for a long time and you don't expect 25% decreases year-over-year in currency. And so obviously, we had to back up on that piece. I feel good about the way we managed our cost I feel good about where we're investing and where we continue to rightsize. John will give you more specifics.

Again, like on the last call, Brandon, I think it played out the way our expectations, I think were formatted. We talked about teens in the third quarter. And obviously, that's teen season. That played out well from what we anticipated. And as we mentioned before, we think teens are somewhat shielded -- not completely, but shielded from the economic environment because of the time window for treatment and parents that want to help their teens through that whole process. 
The adult segment was the -- we saw the most volatility in for sure, both in the United States, Europe and in Asia. It's hard for me to tell you that we're -- there's any kind of change from month-to-month or quarter-to-quarter. It was pretty consistent from what we've seen. John, would you add anything else?

Thanks, Brandon. That's a good question. I mean, China is a very important market for us. As we talked about on other calls, those Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities have been an important target for us. We've known for about 2 years, we have a hole in our portfolio in those areas, particularly with -- we have comprehensive on top, and then we have a moderate product between it. 
So we announced Invisalign Standard, Invisalign Adult. And what this does is it just helps us segment the market. These are not -- they can't handle -- these products can have -- handle cases like Invisalign First scan or mandibular advancement or some of the sophisticated cases we have out there. We don't offer CBCT, 5-minute ClinCheck and those kind of things around those products, too. So we tailor those products for more moderate kinds of cases in those specific areas where public hospitals have been strong. 
And we -- really good results from the standpoint of what we saw in the uptake that we saw over this last quarter, and we'll continue with that strategy. We feel good about it.

Yes. So Brandon, I think honestly, I feel really good about our positioning there. China did perform well from a volume standpoint, and we'll continue to update on progress.

John, one other thing to add to that, too, on the DSP program, we look at that as incremental, not as replacing other business that we've had in the past. So like we feel good that's an expansion play for us. And I think you see that in the numbers, too.

Yes, I think you learn a business, Jon, never be binary, either or. I'd say the majority of those cases, if you look at it, we're picking up from an ortho standpoint, a lot of retention we never had before. We see orthos doing touch-up cases and all that might have been done in-house at times. So I'm not saying that there's absolutely nothing that would transpose from one to another, but I'd say primarily, we're looking at that as a growth opportunity for us.

Yes, Jon, again, that's a good question. I think when you talk about first quarter to second quarter, the rhythm that we had there, remember, the normal rhythms we've seen in this business, is seasonality, we call it. We have not seen that since really 2019. And so we had muted signals on teens through 2020, '21. Just -- it wasn't the same. 
What I liked about -- what I saw in the third quarter was we saw teens come back in the sense of in a pattern of what you'd expect in teen season, Q3, Q4. It's too early for me to dig out the data and tell you how much share we're gaining against wires and brackets. Well, Jon, we don't talk about a lot or products like -- and we highlighted it here today, when you look at the Invisalign First product line, we're really getting tremendous results out there on young patients, 6 to 9 years old, the Phase I, Phase II treatments, where often the Phase II can be a lot less extensive than what the Phase I was with wires and brackets.  
So our different extension devices, so we see a big uptake in that product line from a teen standpoint. We see that as penetration too. We've seen consistent growth from a share standpoint in those teen cases in Americas globally. So -- we just introduced curved wings mandibular advancement too that's having a really good start in the market, too, to address some cases that mandibular advancement couldn't get in the past. 
So Jon both with technology, with our advertising campaigns, the teen packs and whatever, I continue to feel good about our movement. We'll have more as we analyze the trends, the share trends and stuff that we'll be able to share with you, but I do like our position in the marketplace in teens.

Brandon, it's Joe. Look, first of all, what I protect with my life here are our direct salespeople and also our technology and our engineering team and what we focus on. And so we've made sure that we continue to reinforce those. There's just other parts of our business, too, that we rightsized. I mean, obviously, this business is used to growing 20%, 30%. And so we kind of came into the year with that mindset. We quickly realized it wasn't and so we've taken actions in order to do that. But you see that throughout the business. 
Don't forget, we also have really strong productivity programs, in manufacturing and all, that really help us during these times. Emory and his team do a terrific job, they help to drive that. John will give you another insight in a sense of how we're managing OpEx across the business.

Jeff, it's a fair question. I'd first take it to Europe. I mean Europe was down substantially for us, too. So I don't think we've got a clear signal out of there because of the economics and in general. I mean we did fairly well in -- from a European standpoint. But third quarter in Europe is never a particularly strong quarter, we're going to pull a signal out of. When you look at the United States, you go to Gaidge data. And you'll see that inside Gaidge Data aligners were down but Invisalign was actually above what the generic aligners are reported in Gaidge data, which says we continue to do well with our teen portfolio and what we do.
You see wires and brackets cases actually expanded. But what that is, is you see if they're doing more -- fewer adults -- and you know how orthos have held on to teens for a long time, you get a mix phenomenon there where it looks like they're doing more wires and brackets, but they're not. They're just doing fewer adults, and they mix down in that sense. So -- and then move over to Asia, I've always felt good about Asia is different by country. 
But the COVID overlay in Japan in particular, but also China. I thought the teen case volume was still reasonable. But it's still hard to pull a signal out of a lot of noise with the COVID shutdowns in all of those countries. So again, just like in John's question, Jeff, is I do feel great about our portfolio. I feel good about how we're positioning the product. I think the teen packs are a way to sell the way doctors want to commit in this area, I think we'll continue to get strong there. The future of those teen cases, there's no question it's digital. It's just how we approach it, the products we launch and convincing doctors more and more that teens will use these and showing them the results that we're seeing all over the world.

Yes, on sequential, yes. on the volume-based purchasing in China, we have our eyes all over it, Jeff, as you can guess. It represents anywhere between 15% and 18% of our business there. The way they're setting this up, pretty much in what we recall, in not our main areas in where we do business in China. I think we've positioned ourselves for this. Strategically, I feel we can make the right move here. 
Look, I have friends and other medical device businesses, I was in the medical devices for a while. We know what this did to stents and hip transplants and different things. I feel like the way they set this up, one is 70% of it will be [ BBP ] in those areas, 30% will still be up to the doctors in the sense of what they want to use and how they want to use it. So what's key here is that we exercise our portfolio and the capacity that we have over there to just have a strategic positioning in that. So I don't expect any major differences as we move into 2023. We'll just have to wait to see how that goes. And as we move into 2024, 2025, how the government -- which way the government moves.

Elizabeth, it's Joe. We want to defend R&D. Very important part of the business. You can see the programs are rolling out. The programs we're rolling out, we didn't do them this year, right? Some of these are 3-year old programs that we've been working on. And so I don't want to stop the momentum on those. 
I mean obviously, we'll take any steps here to preserve the cash flow and integrity of this business that we have to do. But our front lines are our sales organization and technology. And before we go anywhere near those, we want to make sure we do everything we can, then rightsize the business in other areas.

Kind of anticipating that question is, we're not seeing any major change, I'd say, from the momentum that we saw in the second quarter.

I'm sorry, third quarter. That's right, a little bit in [ arrears].

The teen market predominantly, if we look at the third quarter. Obviously it bleeds some into the fourth quarter, whatever, but I wouldn't take anything we're seeing right now and project it into the future to change what the normal fourth quarter sequence could be. So like I said previously on the question as far as when you look at third quarter moving in the fourth quarter, we're not seeing any meaningful change one way or another.

Yes, Nathan, I think what we gave you is basically data that we receive from the marketplace. It's what we're hearing from orthodontists and dentists in general in treatment. We don't have any quantification to say so many patients were seeking funding, they didn't get it or there's so many losses in that sense. That's pretty much listed as the reasons why patients have refused treatment or thinking about treatment in the financial considerations of it. John, would you?

And the other part of your question, Nate, about how do we help accounts. We watch payments, we try to help in that sense at times. We try to drive direct Invisalign docs to do a lot of Invisalign. And obviously, our advertising is extremely important to them. So we have our whole lead program to help them drive those things. We just want to be as close to our customers as possible because they're feeling what we feel. And we have strong relationships with many of them, and they're part of the family here. And we work it country by country, doctor by doctor, region by region to see how we can help.

Kevin, it's Joe. Look, I think we can sit here and tell you, I think we're in pretty volatile economic times. I can't tell you what the dollar is going to be in 3 months. I don't know what's going to happen in Europe. I don't know how bad COVID hits China. I don't know what it does in Japan. So I know exactly what you're asking for and every investor is asking for. 
And we'd give you that data if we thought we had it, but we are in such a volatile time right now. We're just working this thing from month to month. As I mentioned, as we go into the fourth quarter, obviously, there's a rhythm between teens and adults from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. What I mentioned from a continuation standpoint is we haven't seen much of a change between the third and the fourth right now as we move into it. 
That's about as well as I can tell you of what we're seeing and what we're experiencing, trying to forecast what's going to happen toward the end of the quarter, next quarter, I can't do that. I don't think anybody here can.

It's a growth business, Kevin. If we had good economic times here, I can tell you, we'd be having a much different conversation. So the challenge with this business is how are we responsible on cost and obviously, a challenged demand environment, but to keep this company very strong because when this market comes back, you just go back in history and take a look, it comes back and it comes back hard. And we've got to make sure that we're in a good position to be able to field that when it does occur. 
So you'll see us be, what I call, fiscally responsible, but we'll continue to make sure that we invest and make as many changes as we can around different areas of OpEx, but to protect those key areas where our customer interface and the development of our technology. And actually, the operations capacity we need in this business when this thing does bring back. And that's not just in manufacturing aligners. That's in being able to service customers across the board. So you'll see us balance that well as we should do from a leadership standpoint.