Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some highlights in the quarter and then briefly discuss the performance of our 2 operating segments: clear aligners and scanners. John will provide more detail on our financial results and discuss our outlook for the third quarter. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open up the call to questions.
I'm pleased to report another better-than-expected quarter for Align. Our second quarter results reflect strong growth across our customer channels with record volume in all regions and almost every country market. Year-over-year, revenue growth of 37.5% was driven by continued momentum from Invisalign doctors and increased adoption of Invisalign treatment for teenage patients, which grew 42.1%. Q2 Invisalign volume growth of 30.5% year-over-year reflects increased utilization and expansion of our customer base, which was over 50,000 for the first time and included more than 5,000 new Invisalign-trained doctors. We also saw momentum from the iTero scanner and services business, which includes the continued roll-out of iTero scanners across Heartland Dental's supported offices as well as the first iTero scanner shipments to China.
Turning to specifics around our second quarter results. Let's start with results of our Americas region. For the Americas, Q2 was a good quarter with Invisalign volume -- case volume up 8.9% sequentially and 22.2% year-over-year, reflecting growth in both our orthodontic and also GP dentist channels. In Q2, we trained 1,795 new Invisalign doctors in the Americas region, of which 640 were in Latin America alone, where we trained more doctors in the first half of this year than we did all of last year. For the Americas region, year-over-year growth was led by orthodontist customers with another record quarter for North American ortho utilization at 16.4 cases per doctor. Q2 Invisalign utilization for North American GP dentists were also up year-over-year at 3.6 cases per doctor, reflecting continued expansion of the GP customer base, which represented over 20,000 GPs for the first time in a quarter.
For international doctors, Q2 was another strong growth with Invisalign case volume up 14.9% sequentially and 45.4% year-over-year, reflecting strong Invisalign volume across the board, driven by both increased adoption as well as expansion of our customer base. 
For Q2, we're continuing to help expand the market for clear aligner treatment with approximately 1,650 newly trained doctors in EMEA. Year-over-year growth of Invisalign volume in EMEA was up 38%, with a record quarter in all geographies as well as the teenage segment, which was up 72% year-over-year. We also saw growth across our key expansion markets led by Central and Eastern Europe. In May, we announced the grand opening of our first Invisalign treatment planning facility in Europe located in Cologne, Germany. Until recently, Invisalign treatment planning for EMEA doctors was conducted in Align's treatment planning facility in Costa Rica. The Cologne facility will also serve as a training facility for Invisalign doctors with the German-speaking market, providing clinical education and support in local language. In September, we'll host a grand opening of our new treatment planning facility in Madrid, Spain, which will serve the Iberia market. 
In APAC, Q2 Invisalign volumes were up 58.7% year-over-year, led by China, Japan, Australia and New Zealand. Our Q2 results reflect continued strong growth overall and especially from teen cases, which were up 74.3% year-over-year. China continues to drive the majority of growth in the Asia Pacific region, and we are increasingly leveraging digital and social media marketing programs. Japan also had a strong year-over-year Invisalign growth, driven primarily by orthodontists as well as continued uplift from iTero scanners. In addition, GP dentists channel in APAC was up 77.9% compared to last year. Q2 was an all-time high for Invisalign volume in our smaller expansion markets in Thailand and India, which are still very early in their development and adoption cycle.
Now turning to the teen market. In Q2, 78,400 teenagers started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners, an increase of 13.6% sequentially and 42.1% year-over-year, driven by continued strong adoption across all major regions, led by North American orthodontists. Q2 was the seventh consecutive quarter that Invisalign teenage patient volumes grew faster than adults, reflecting a shift toward younger teens and tweens. For Q2, year-over-year Invisalign teen patient growth for North American orthos increased 30% and international doctors were up 73%. 
One of the key drivers behind our strong growth is continued product innovation. On July 1, we launched a new Invisalign Go product with a more user-friendly iTero digital chair-side experience and greater flexibility to treat a wider range of mild to moderate cases, such as crowded or gap teeth that require teeth straightening prior to restorative treatments. Invisalign Go also incorporates new data-driven clinical protocols for predictable tooth movement and automated case assessments, which will make it easier for dentists to tailor their treatments and plans to the individual needs of each patient. We're very excited about the potential for Invisalign Go to help accelerate adoption among GP dentists worldwide.
As we aim to create even greater preference for Invisalign treatment from doctors and consumers alike, especially in the teen market, a key factor is expanding clinically applicability of the Invisalign system in order to treat more complex cases. The launch of mandibular advancement feature last year has continued to ramp up and help drive adoption of Invisalign treatment among teenage patients in EMEA and APAC. Mandibular advancement feature is pending FDA approval in the U.S., and we continue to expect approval in the second half of this year.
On July 1, we began offering Invisalign First, designed specifically to address a broad range of younger patients' malocclusions, including shorter clinical crowns, management of eruption dentition and predictable dental arch expansion. While it's only been a few weeks, initial response to Invisalign First has been very positive, and excitement among top Invisalign doctors is rising. We're on a path to reach 1,000 Invisalign First cases across all regions in the first month alone.
The $100 million investment we make each year in consumer marketing programs include TV, digital, social media, PR, event marketing, and more recently, our concierge service and Invisalign store pilot. Our goals are to make Invisalign brand a household name worldwide and to motivate consumers to seek Invisalign treatment through a doctor's office. In Q2, we continued to successfully leverage the Made to Move campaign we kicked off last year, which was our first fully integrated global consumer marketing campaign launched across all major markets. We also continued to build on regional programs like Teen and Mom campaign in North America and launched an entirely new initiative in APAC called Asian Smile in May. 
We have included the key indicators from our consumer marketing programs in the Q2 earnings slides posted on our website, so I won't go through them on this call. Needless to say, all metric for tracking consumer interest are up, with strong growth in Invisalign website visitors across APAC and opt-ins in the Americas region, which captures consumers who've taken action on our website and give us permission to contact them directly. 
Our Smile Concierge program that we launched over a year ago is continuing to help more consumers start Invisalign treatment by shortening their research cycle and connecting them with an active Invisalign doctor. Year-to-date, we've scheduled over 30,000 Invisalign consultations in the U.S., which equates to connecting hundreds of consumers to Invisalign doctors every day. Concierge service is also equipping us with valuable consumer insights that help our doctors better engage with consumers and their practices and online. It's been very exciting to see how Invisalign doctors are working to reflect these insights and connect more effectively with the consumers that we send them every day. The Smile Concierge service is also expanding outside the U.S. with teams in Singapore, Brazil, Australia, and most recently, the U.K. And while it's still early, each of these countries are seeing great initial traction and helping more consumers become Invisalign patients.
Sole purpose of the Invisalign store is to connect new potential patients with Invisalign doctors in their offices by raising awareness of the Invisalign treatment and removing some common barriers for consumers to get started. Our experience with the stores continues to evolve and grow, and we are learning a lot from our consumers and participating doctors. To date, the Invisalign stores have contributed to a significant influx of consumer interest in the San Jose and San Francisco orthodontic marketplace. Over 8,000 consumers have visited our Align stores. The average participating doctor in the store network has received dozens of scanned consumers, with the top providers easily receiving over 150 consumers. Many doctors have said the Invisalign stores have far surpassed their top referral sources. Earlier this month, we opened a new -- 2 new Invisalign stores in Bethesda, Maryland and King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, and we're excited to see the impact these pilots will have on the participating Invisalign practices in the area. We look forward to continuing to learn more from these pilot locations, and we'll update you on our progress throughout the remainder of the year.
In Q2, iTero revenues were up 10.9% sequentially as we saw benefit from the launch of iTero Element 2 and Element Flex as well as the first commercial shipments of Element scanners in China. In April, we received China FDA approval to sell iTero Element in China, and today, we announced that we have received regulatory approval to manufacture iTero Element in our new manufacturing facility in Ziyang, China. Year-over-year, Q2 scanner revenues were up 60.9%, reflecting very strong growth across all regions and reflects the continued trend toward an end-to-end digital workflow starting with an iTero scanner on the front end. Not only do Invisalign doctors with an iTero scanner have notably higher utilization rates than non-iTero doctors, but it also enables greater efficiency between precision dentistry and higher overall customer experience and satisfaction. 
Our Dental Service Organizations, or DSO partners, have recognized the strategic fit of the iTero scanners and are adopting the platform across their business. In Q2, Heartland Dental continued to roll out iTero scanners across their U.S.-supported locations and plan to have scanners in 90% of supported offices by the end of the year. Similarly, Aspen Dental will begin to roll out iTero scanners to their customer base over the next 2 quarters, beginning in Q3.
Use of iTero scanners for Invisalign case submissions in place of PVS impression continues to grow and remains a positive catalyst for Invisalign utilization. For Q2, total Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scanner in the Americas increased to a record 69.3%, up from 67.3% in Q1. International scans increased 47.3%, up from 43.2% in Q1. 
Finally, in a doctor-directed, at-home channel, Align is a third-party supplier to SmileDirectClub, or SDC. We manufacture a portion of SDC aligners, which are non-Invisalign clear aligners. For Q2, shipments to SDC were up sequentially and higher than expected. In April, SDC filed a complaint alleging that the launch and operation of Align's Invisalign store pilot program constitutes a breach of noncompete provisions applicable to the members of SDC Financial LLC, including Align. On June 29, 2018, the Chancery Court for Davidson County, Tennessee, denied SDC entities' request for a temporary injunction to prevent us from opening additional Invisalign stores. As you heard earlier, we will continue to open additional Invisalign stores as part of our pilot program designed to connect consumers interested in Invisalign treatment with Invisalign-trained doctors in their offices.
We continue to dispute the allegations that we have breached our obligations to the SDC entities under applicable law and will oppose any -- with a vigorously defend ourselves in the arbitration proceedings currently scheduled for December 2018. As it relates to the SDC, we believed working with them was a way to influence and shape the evolving consumer market for clear aligners. Our objective was and still is to reach consumers who would not otherwise consider orthodontic treatment and connect them with Invisalign doctors in their offices. Our relationship with SDC has not worked out as expected. We have not been able to impact the decision-making process at SDC we had hoped, and transfer of the out-of-scope patients to an Invisalign doctor's office has not scaled as we had hoped. We do not anticipate renewing our supply agreement with SDC when it expires in 2019.
With that, I'll now turn the call over to John.

Thanks, John, and thanks to those of you for joining our call today. 2018 is shaping up to be a very good year for Align, which reflects the continued execution of our 4 strategic goals and growth drivers that we focus on: driving international expansion; increasing orthodontist utilization of Invisalign, especially with teenagers; enabling GP dentists to treat or refer more Invisalign cases; and generating consumer demand for Invisalign treatment for millions of people worldwide. We are pleased to see continued momentum across all of our regions and customer channels and believe that the investments we are making will continue to drive our growth well above the underlying industry. There is still a lot of work to be done to fully optimize the enormous market potential, but we remain steadfast in our vision to bring clear aligner orthodontics to the masses through our partnership with Invisalign doctors. I look forward to updating you on our continued progress. 
With that, I'll turn it over to the operator, and we'll open the call up to your questions. Operator?

Jon, and from a competitive standpoint, there's nothing really different than what we saw from an AAO standpoint. I mean, obviously, you saw the Clarity product from Ormco that came out in Australia here recently. From what we see, it's -- there's -- again, it's just in line with other offerings that we see out there and we'll get -- I'll get, I think, a stronger beat on that in the future, but right now, I wouldn't say we've changed in any way our assessment of the competition that we saw at the AAO.

Yes. First, on the Aspen deal and the Heartland deal just from a high-level standpoint is I think you know we've had a really strong GP focus in this business. But it's difficult at times to have an individual just focus on accounts and to drive the kind of penetration in the marketplace that we want. We find that DSOs are great partners for us in the sense of their ability to be able to spread what we want to do with our digital workflow and with our aligners across their base. And so Heartland and Aspen both have been very open in the sense of working with us and front-loading their businesses with iTero that will allow them to -- give them a very strong position in clear aligners. And so that's -- it's just right [ along ] with our GP strategy and it allows us to be able to multiply that strategy across a number of different locations for the DSOs that really help us. We've been working with Heartland for a while in clear aligners, and their uptake of iTero scanners have been great. Our growth with Heartland has been -- really been terrific, and they've been able to translate it across their organization as well. We haven't shared a whole lot of numbers in the sense of how that's going, and we won't. That's how we want to handle that internally and how Heartland wants to handle that internally, too. But we're excited about the development, and we think it's a way for us to be able to -- it's a force multiplier for us in the sense of getting Align out there and getting it in the front of a lot of customers. And iTero is so critical from a digital workflow standpoint to make it really productive in a GP office as you do that.

[ As far as you know we've had in that ] strong uptick internationally, APAC, EMEA but also North America. I'd say a lot of what -- you can see the growth from -- there's good growth from an orthodontic standpoint. A lot of that is a teen marketplace, and I think you've known from previous calls, Suzie, that we've focused a lot on teens. And that's a really important focus for us because that's a majority of what we see in the orthodontic marketplace is the teen piece. So you've seen further evidence of our ability to be able to go after that marketplace. We're excited about the teen first launch we put in place. It allows you to do a Phase I treatment, dental treatment on teens, and we have a good start like we talked about, almost 1,000 starts [ here as we get off for the month ]. So it just reflects the overall momentum that we continue to have that you've seen in other quarters, too. From a store standpoint, we just opened up 2 stores, 1 in Maryland and 1 in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. We'll open up some more stores this year. We -- I think we're doing much better in the sense of preparing doctors of how to integrate those consumers with doctors. And also, we're learning a lot in the sense of how to communicate with patients with visualization tools and things in the store that excite them about the Invisalign treatment, and then we do the proper hand-off to the doctor's office to do that. So it's just another vector for growth for us and a continuation of our consumer interaction from an advertising standpoint and be able to monetize that with the doctor base.

We feel good about our North American marketplace. I mean, when you talk about North America, look at Canada and United States. And as you mentioned, and I'll reemphasize, the teen piece is going extremely well. We're doing well with GPs also on the lighter cases as we work through that. I'd say with that, with the steady state of that, when you start to look at our year-over-year comparisons, that's still a very strong performance from a North American standpoint. So what we're doing to continue to expand that, a new orthodontics [ name ], and of course, we train probably the majority of the orthodontists out there. But there's -- obviously, there's refreshes. There's new products. There's a lot of things we have to continue to reenergize that market with and educate the market as we change that. On the GP side, obviously, we just talked about the DSOs and that kind of opportunity for us, too. So -- and then we feel the stores really help with that consumer initiation and turning those consumers into patients. So overall, we have momentum in that marketplace. The third quarter is always a time where you see less of a GP marketplace and a strong orthodontic marketplace that kind of reverses in the fourth quarter. And so you'll see in our third quarter piece, we have a big number in there for teens on the ortho side to help that growth number.

Yes. I think just to start with your last question, the iTero, it's new to their offices in the sense it's not an augmentation or replacement of equipment they currently have. It's more of a commitment to the DSOs for the -- for just the whole idea of digital dentistry. And obviously it uses a different workflow that you have inside GPs than you have on orthos. And we've been able to more and more make sure that we have that kind of workflow capability within iTero, and we can continue to work with that so we can be a great tool for GPs in that sense. The DSOs -- when you say what percentage of the market in North America, we normally quote 15% to 20%. That number kind of varies around depending on what you call a DSO and what you don't. So the upper number to use on that is 20%, and the other one is 15%. I hope I answered your question.

Steve, it's amazing. I mean, it's all PVS. This is not replacing scanners that are over there. So it's not a swap. So if you would see our offices in China at any point in time, you'll just see rooms full of PVS boxes that would previously go to Mexico [indiscernible] and we're seeing our -- the number of digital scans come out of China just start to skyrocket for us. John and I were going over that a couple of days ago on a trip. So it's a new foundation. It's just incredible -- I've been doing business in China now for over 20 years, and I'm always amazed at that country's ability to target a new technology and just integrate it so quickly into the workflow, just kind of -- it's the fastest uptake in new technology in any country I've ever seen in the last 20 years. I saw that in the medical equipment business, too. You have to train the marketplace. You have to get them ready. You have to be ready to service it well. There's a lot of just foundational infrastructure things you have to put in place there to be successful and not frustrate them. But once that's in place and know what to do, the uptake is amazing, and that's what we're seeing right now.

I don't know [ if you want to take this ] I think, Steve, these are -- you're right to call these out. I would call them anomalies in the sense of not -- I mean, there's going to be great uptake in China. This is the initial uptake in China. We expect more going forward. On the DSO side, I mean, Heartland and Aspen, 2 of the biggest DSOs going, so I wouldn't necessarily take a -- draw a line through this one and continue to draw it through the rest of the year, but we are having great success with iTero. You, as much as anybody, know how important that is from a standpoint of having an incredible foundation in place to be able to drive more Invisalign. And so you're seeing these big successes. We have little ones, too, but these are big penetration moves, and I wouldn't necessarily say that you just should take it times 2x as you go into the second half.

Hey, that's actually a really good question, okay? That's a market access play and it's -- again, I have some experience. I've seen that before. It's really important in the sense of how it's being done. And the Chinese government, those provincial governments have worked with us really well to make that work. And it's just so much easier to be able to address those Chinese regulations from a Chinese standpoint than it is, in this case, from an Israeli standpoint, too. So that's why we're doing it. From a cost standpoint, this is not a cost play. I'd say expect costs to be neutral. If they are a little worse or a little better, you won't see it in our numbers in any way. So I wouldn't put it in your model.

Thanks for the question and thanks for the interest. I think at this point in time, we gave you as much as we wanted to give you at the investors meeting. We still call these pilot stores and they are. We're making a lot of iterations as we go through that, but we feel good about the progress. Yes, as we get more stores out there and we move this thing more firmly as our stores and not call them pilots and as we move into next year, we'll be more open with you in the sense of the close rates, number of patients going through. But as you know, as I mentioned and on our announcement, we have about 8,000 patients that have gone through those stores already. And then there's varying conversion rates, but again, not ready to share that yet.

We just -- we take a broad approach to both of them. They're -- these are very good businesses. They're extremely successful, what I call businesses, too, because they operate in a business sense. So we're able to, I think, communicate well in a broad sense what we can bring to the practice and how we can help to drive growth throughout. I mean, obviously, DSOs, one of the keys are going to be in store sales. And having -- being able to have an iTero inside that store and be able to drive more aligner sales, Invisalign sales through those is a big help. So it's just, we have organized within the business to be able to work with DSOs much better, bring the resources in place. And we put those things in place under Frank Quinn in the North American organization over the last 18 months. He's done a terrific job. So it's not just us. It's the DSOs reaching out for us, too. These are good partnerships that were well understood. And we're excited about both of them, and we feel they'll be successful.

I'd say from a competitive standpoint, what we see in the marketplace is kind of what you expect. I'd say it's a cautious approach from a competition standpoint. I'd call -- if you take a look at 3M, they more like slipstream into the marketplace behind their aligner -- behind their wires and brackets business and try a few -- to get a few uptakes. We'll be on the road this week in North America, just out talking to many customers, most of the MC staff. And the feedback that we get is they're being contacted and -- but there's nothing really that's different from what was the output from the AAO in that piece and it's -- so there is some interest and curiosity, I'd say, from a customer base. But there's not a momentum piece or anything that we're adjusting the business around right now.

It's an old saying, "No news from the FDA is good news." So we're still looking at the fourth quarter for this year.

Yes. I don't have any interest from a manufacturing standpoint of supporting other -- what we call direct-to-consumer kind of aligner companies. We're going to run our play in a sense of our stores and how we work with our doctor partners. We feel strongly that a doctor's office approach is a great approach to take given the seriousness of moving teeth, and that's the vector we're pursuing in this business. And so it would be kind of disingenuine (sic) [ disingenuous ] is after our agreement with SDC runs out that we go find another -- someone else to supply aligners, too, just we have no interest in that from a strategic standpoint at all.

I -- as I talked about in the last call, these ramp-up times in China will be faster than they were in the Western world. We know that. The intervening variable in that equation is we're signing up more and more doctors in China, not just orthodontists but GPs. And so those could entitle more PVS impressions, too. So if we look at the current kind of installed base of docs and who submits through that, I feel very confident you'll see this ramped up really dramatically in the next 2 to 3 years. But outside of that, we might have just other doctors who maybe not buy an iTero but still want to submit for -- that could come into the equation. It's just hard to project what that could be.

I don't know honestly, Jeff. I'd say we still own that. We'll have to find a way to reconcile that, but that's -- after we get our operational conflict out of the way, I think that will be addressed.

I'm turning you over to my expert on the financing objectives...

Well, I'd say we probably have contact with over 75% of them. I wouldn't say we have a relationship to the degree we have with Aspen and Heartland in that sense, John. So I mean, obviously, DSOs are on our list in the sense that [ they'll ] work with. And we put together an organization to do that. But right now, we're really focused on the agreements we've put in place, and we want to make sure that we really work and execute well on these.