Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. I hope that you and your families are well. Given the significant disruption to our business caused by the extraordinary measures taken by governments, public and private institutions and businesses around the world to fight the spread of COVID-19, most of the performance metrics I would normally discuss are less meaningful. Therefore, on our call today, in addition to the highlights from our Q1 results, I'll discuss the trends that we're seeing through early March prior to the escalation in the COVID-19 cases that resulted in shutdowns across Europe and North America, and compounded the initial impact from similar shutdowns in China beginning in January. I'll also talk about our view of recovery and strategy to help our doctor customers navigate this challenging environment and ensure our business continuity. John will provide more detail on our financial performance and comment on the current trends across our business globally, including the momentum we're beginning to see in China. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open up the call to questions.  
With that, let me start with a few comments on our first quarter results through early March. At that time, China was progressing in line with our original guidance for Q1, which included approximately 20,000 to 25,000 fewer cases and $30 million to $35 million less revenues for Invisalign and iTero products, and other regions were performing ahead of our Q1 outlook. However, the situation quickly changed in mid-March as most governments in EMEA and North America closed down nonessential businesses, initiated stay at home orders. As a result, the vast majority of Invisalign practices shut down and stopped seeing patients, and our business fell off sharply. We believe the incremental impact of COVID-19 on our Q1 results was approximately 50,000 fewer cases and approximately $85 million less revenues for Invisalign and iTero products.  
At the same time, while EMEA, North America and other parts of APAC fell off in mid-March, we began to see improvements in China as the country started to open up again. While it's still early in the recovery process and the situation is different in every city and for every practice, we're working closely with our doctors to support their current needs and ensure they have a game plan to resume operations in a very different environment for the foreseeable future. More on that in a few minutes.  
Now let's go through our first quarter results. For Q1, total revenues were $551 million, down 15.2% sequentially and unchanged year-over-year, reflecting significantly lower-than-expected sales of Invisalign clear aligners and iTero scanners due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Revenues from clear aligners were $481.6 million, and iTero scanners and services were $69.4 million. Clear aligner shipments were 359,400 cases. Notwithstanding the impact of COVID-19, shipment volumes were up 2.9% year-over-year, reflecting solid growth from noncomprehensive products driven by Invisalign Go systems across all regions as well as Invisalign Moderate. This was offset by a lower mix of comprehensive products primarily due to the shortfall in China.  
For the quarter, we shipped Invisalign cases to approximately 61,000 doctors, of which 4,100 were first time customers. We also trained over 4,600 new doctors in Q1, including 2,600 international doctors. Overall for the teen market in Q1, 104,000 teens and preteens started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners, representing 29% of total cases shipped, reflecting growth from EMEA and the Americas regions and across comprehensive products.  
During the quarter, we reached another major milestone with our 2 millionth Invisalign teenage patient, Kaitlynn Ratliff. A student and athlete, we started treatment recently with Dr. Tom Hartsock, a U.S.-based orthodontist in Kentucky. Dr. Hartsock has been a terrific practicing orthodontic for about 30 years and credits Invisalign with revitalizing his practice at a time when a lot of doctors think about slowing down. He says his approach is to lead with Invisalign, and he's got a new digital mindset now, and we're excited he's going to share more about that at our upcoming Invisalign Teen Forum "Virtual Edition" this July. The teen segment represents the largest portion of existing orthodontic case starts each year. And as we head into the summer season, the busiest time in orthos practice, we are working to help doctors capture as much of the teen season as possible under the circumstances.  
Now let's turn to specifics around our first quarter results, starting with the Americas region. For the Americas region, through early March, solid sequential growth was driven primarily by North American GP dentists and DSOs, along with continued strength in Latin American doctors. On a reported basis, Q1 Invisalign case volume was down 5.5% sequentially and up 5.2% year-over-year, reflecting significantly less-than-expected Invisalign case shipments in March due to the impact of COVID-19. Year-over-year growth for Q1 reflects growth from both orthodontist and GP dentist channels, which were up 5.6% and 4.6%, respectively. Latin America volume was up 83% year-over-year led by strong growth from Brazil.  
For our international business, through early March, with the exception of China, the EMEA and APAC regions were performing well. On a reported basis, Q1 Invisalign case volume was down 22.3%, sequentially reflecting significant decrease in APAC, primarily China, due to the impact from COVID-19, partially offset by growth in EMEA. On a year-over-year basis, international shipments are flat, reflecting growth from EMEA, offset by a decline in APAC.  
For EMEA, Q1 volumes were down sequentially and up 11.1% on a year-over-year basis driven by growth in Spain, the U.K. and Germany, along with our expansion markets led by Central Eastern Europe and Benelux, including the teen segment.  
For APAC, Q1 was down sequentially as expected, reflecting a significant reduction in volume in China due to COVID-19. On a year-over-year basis, APAC was down 18.2% compared to the prior year, reflecting a longer duration of COVID-19 measures implemented in China and was the only region down year-over-year. Japan, Taiwan, Korea and India saw continued year-over-year growth in Q1. And as noted earlier, we began to see signs of improvement in China in early March as the government began to relax some or all of the restrictions and business began the road to recovery.  
Our consumer marketing is focused on building the clear aligner category and driving demand for Invisalign treatment through a doctor's office. In Q1, we saw strong digital engagement globally, including 7.1 million unique visitors to our websites and 274,000 leads, both metrics growing by more than 40%. Consumer engagement growth for Invisalign was enabled by the launch of our new consumer campaign, Invis is, strong media spend and a robust omnichannel presence. Our Invisalign concierge team is nurturing consumer leads and virtually until doctors' offices open, which is key to realizing and converting consumer interest into cases. Further, our modeling indicates that consumer marketing drove incremental growth in Q1 and reinforces our strategy to invest in brand building and maintain high visibility with consumers through the COVID-19 crisis. Other key metrics show increased activity and engagement with the Invisalign brand and are included in our Q1 quarterly slides.  
For iTero scanner and services business, Q1 revenues were down sequentially as expected, following a seasonally strong Q4 and consistent with trends in the capital equipment market. Q1 also reflects the impact of COVID-19 across all regions and especially North America, Australia, China, Japan and other APAC countries. On a year-over-year basis, iTero scanner revenues were down 13.1% due to lower sales in North America and APAC region primarily due to COVID-19 despite increased revenues in EMEA and Latin America, reflecting the addition of Zimmer Biomet distribution agreement, the introduction of our iTero 5D, going direct to Mexico and additional LATAM distributor markets. The total year-over-year decrease in scanner revenue was slightly offset by increased services revenue from a larger iTero installed base.  
Cumulatively, over 23 million orthodontic scans, 5.2 million restorative scans have been performed with iTero scanners. For Q1, total Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scanner in the Americas increased to 80.5% from 76.1% in Q1 last year. International scans increased 68.7%, up from 59.3% in the same quarter last year. We're pleased to see that within the Americas, 93.6% of cases submitted by North American orthodontists were submitted digitally.  
I'm also pleased to share that we received FDA 510(k) clearance for our iTero Element 5D Imaging System. The iTero Element 5D Imaging System seamlessly combines 3 scanning technologies, 3D data, intra-oral color photos and NIRI images. NIRI is near-infrared imaging technology, which allows you to see caries in different aspects from a dentition standpoint. It's an integrated scan, and we're excited to bring the advancement in intra-oral scan technology to the United States market to help doctors provide better oral care for their patients.  
At this time, we're mindful of the current environment and the impact that COVID-19 pandemic is having across the world and are focused on customer education and training regarding this new technology while so many dental practices in the U.S. are operating on a limited schedule.  
We remain confident that the iTero business will continue to help drive our overall long-term growth and help increase adoption of the digital platform with Invisalign treatment. To that end, during the quarter, we announced the acquisition of exocad, a global CAD/CAM software leader, and completed the transaction on April 1. John will talk more about the acquisition in a moment, but let me say just that the rise in consumer awareness around dentistry extends beyond the benefits of straight teeth and orthodontics. There are significant opportunities for all kinds of treatments, from simple cosmetic fixes to ortho-restorative. That can help us accelerate growth of our digital solutions for ortho-restorative cases and really drive growth and adoption of the Invisalign iTero digital platform. I'm very excited about the addition of exocad's proven restorative experience, expertise and functionality to our platform, and I want to welcome exocad Founders, Till Steinbrecher and Maik Gerth and the entire exocad team to Align.  
Let me now turn to some of the initiatives we've taken to support our doctors and their patients. 
We recognize the enormous hardship that COVID-19 has caused Invisalign practices around the world. We're working every region to support doctors and find ways to minimize disruptions to their businesses and to strengthen the experiences their patients have with Invisalign treatment. We have learned a lot from our doctor partners and teams in the Asia Pacific region, and we've been navigating the impact of COVID-19 for months. We're applying their experiences and insights across all regions. Many of our customers are sharing creative ideas and suggestions as we all work to manage the situation together.  
One of the first things we did was address clinical education, an integral part of doctor engagement. Across all 3 of our regions, we moved most of our education programs to online digital platforms, continuing to provide hundreds of valuable Invisalign and iTero training and education resources, many peer-to-peer for doctors and their teams, in a virtual setting. We also identified opportunities to collaborate with Invisalign practices to manage ongoing cases and explore new ways for doctors to conduct consultations. Early on, many doctors began using video calls, text and patient-submitted photos through a variety of platforms to help monitor patient progress, reduce in-office appointments and ensure continuity of patient care during treatment. It quickly became clear that doctors needed a better way to connect and monitor patients. So we accelerated the launch of new tools that were still in pilot mode. The Invisalign virtual appointment tool enables doctors to easily set up HIPAA-compliant video appointments to monitor existing patients and to have an initial conversation with patients interested in learning more about Invisalign clear aligner treatment with a doctor. The Invisalign virtual care program can also use video appointments and enables doctors to monitor treatment progress and stay connected with patients through a virtual platform. Patients use the intuitive My Invisalign app to stay engaged in the treatment and convey progress photos to their doctor who review these photos on their Invisalign doctor site, communicates any needed instruction and ensures treatment is on track. These tools are available through our Invisalign Doctor Site, IDS, in the My Invisalign app, and work as part of the end-to-end digital platform for Invisalign treatment. While both tools are still in early stages of rollout, our goal is to provide doctors with a way to maintain care until patients are again able to visit the doctor's office. Feedback to date has been relatively positive, and we believe that doctors will continue using these tools to improve patient experience and increase office efficiencies well after COVID-19 restrictions have been listed.  
We're also supporting doctors through financial and operating challenges and are providing additional resources, including industry experts to help them navigate this ongoing crisis. This includes webcast, e-blast and micro sites on IDS again, the Invisalign Doctor Site, with advice on extending aligner wear and holding patients at specific treatment stages. Options for redirecting aligner shipments and helping address customer cash flow concerns caused by the pandemic. We're creating programs with partners like LendingPoint that are part of recovery playbooks to help doctors with speed to cash that is expected to launch in May -- on May 1.  
Before I turn the call over to John, I'd like to spend a few minutes talking about the strength and resiliency of Align and our business model and our view of the path to recovery. There's no question that we are in uncharted territory. And while supporting our doctors in their current situation is still critical right now, planning for recovery is just as important. Overcoming challenges is not new to Align and our employees. Our response to COVID-19 and decisions and investments we are making now to anticipate customer needs and adapt in a dynamic environment are based in part on the lessons learned throughout our history and will further our competitive advantage and position us to capitalize on the market as it returns. We serve a huge underpenetrated market, and our share of more than 300 million people who want a better smile is less than 3%. Teens are an important segment, and our share is a small fraction of the market. And yet, we know that teens remain the heart and soul of orthodontic practices and will drive their recovery. There is no single blueprint for us to follow in this recovery. Our underlying business is healthy. We have an excellent balance sheet with no debt. And over the last 5 years, we've grown a business that has generated 25% compounded revenue growth and consistently delivered 72% gross margins, 22% operating margins and generated cash flow from operations in excess of 22% of revenues each year. We also have operational resiliency in terms of global manufacturing that has taken us years to develop and is simply unmatched, and is a key reason why we're able to continue operations in the crisis and expect to ramp up quickly in recovery. The core components being supply chain, digital treatment planning, treat, aligner fabrication AFAB, supply chain. During normal business, we carry enough buffer stock in our warehouse to handle 2 disruptions to the supply chain. So if a batch goes sideways, we can handle that twice. After COVID-19 broke in China, we anticipated that we needed to mobilize existing suppliers and add 3 to 6 months of additional inventory so that we could weather the potential storm. For many of our suppliers, we have alternative redundant suppliers in case a shutdown in one geography impacts a supplier. TREAT. The investments we have made over the years in having TREAT in multiple locations, allows us some flexibility in business continuity to respond to customer needs. Before COVID-19, we had evaluated potential for doing treatment planning from home or remote locations and the implications to hardware needs, data security and productivity. When COVID-19 hit China, we ramped up our ability to do that and started transitioning our CAD designers to do treatment planning at home and have been successful in that sense. We are confident we could have maintained 80% of our normal output, but volumes fell off before we could prove that point. China hit first, so we load balanced with our other TREAT locations. So as this went from east to west, we didn't have significant issues in our treatment operations. This is our model, and we'll continue to strengthen it going forward.  
Aligner fabrication. We have aligner fabrication operations in Ziyang, China and Juarez, Mexico and plans for a third facility in Europe that we're looking to accelerate into 2021. Our facilities have excess capacity built in. And while we never have 100% redundancy, we do have the ability to shift production volumes based on that excess capacity. Worst case scenario, if one of these facilities goes down, then customers wait a little longer for their aligners, but production will continue, and we believe we can recover swiftly.  
In short, when we have an issue in one part of the world, we have designed our operations to enable us to load balance across facilities. We've had to do this because of our growth and huge growth spurts that made it necessary to remain flexible. Additionally, the steps we've implemented during COVID crisis, like work-from-home for CAD designers gives us even more flexibility, and we'll leverage that going forward as we evaluate facilities requirements and potential cost savings.  
Beyond our business strength and operational resiliency, we are at the forefront of digital dentistry. And this pandemic has exposed the weakness of analog approaches and strengthens and benefits the digital technology in every aspect of our life. There's been a lot of concern over the years about digital driving us apart and keeping people from interacting. People focused on their screens in social media rather than with each other, interacting with businesses online rather than in person, et cetera. I think what we're seeing through this terrible situation is that digital actually unites us. It keeps us connected, gives us flexibility and options. Without digital technology during this crisis, how would kids go to school? How would any of us be productive working from home? How would universities and public health experts model the curve without data mining and AI? I am proud and thankful of our digital platform is able to Invisalign patients moving forward in treatment while physical practices are closed, that it can connect doctors and patients to monitor issues and track treatment, that because of digital, we can get a replacement aligner for some new -- or some new retainers to a kid sheltering in place. Together with doctors, we're going to leverage that power of digital for dentistry and orthodontics more than ever. Doctors are not going back to before. We all know that digital dentistry is the future, and that is a part of why Align is weathering this pandemic and why I believe we are well positioned for success going into recovery.  
With that, I'll now turn it over to John.

Thanks, John, and thanks again for joining us today. 
Before I close, I want to take a minute to talk about some of Align's actions to support relief efforts in the communities in which we live and work. One of the things that makes Align a great place to work is the concern our employees have for the world around us and their commitment to helping others. The passion is core to our purpose of transforming smiles and changing lives. And in this time of need, how we support our employees and customers and serve our communities is more important than ever. 
Early on in the outbreak, we donated RMB 1 million to the Chinese Red Cross to support relief efforts and what were then some of the hardest hit areas. More recently, we committed USD 1 million to the Align Foundation, Align's donor-advised fund through Fidelity Charitable. And our teams have been working together to source and supply additional personal protection equipment, or PPE, and medical supply donations for frontline health care workers in the communities we serve. Here's some slides to give you more details on this. 
Finally, thanks to the ingenuity and diligence of our manufacturing engineering team, we're able to leverage our 3D printing technology and manufacturing expertise to produce face shields and medical swabs for COVID-19 testing kits. Through our network of connections with hospitals across the globe, we are donating them to hospitals with the most critical needs. As our existing 3D printing equipment is highly customized for aligner fabrication and can't be reconfigured, we acquired some new separate 3D printers to specifically help with relief efforts. I'm extremely proud of what our employees are doing individually to make a difference and what Align is doing as a business overall. 
In summary, we're all operating in a tough environment. And even as we start to see signs of recovery in some geographies, we don't know when we'll get back to normal or even near-normal operations. As always, we're committed to the safety and well-being of our employees, doctor partners, their staff and patients. That remains our top priority in the weeks and months ahead. That and working with our stakeholders and communities to get through this together. With that said, I want to make it clear that we are not resting on our laurels waiting for the business in better days. Align Technology believes in playing offense and investing for our future. And that includes, first and foremost, protecting the jobs of our employees and keeping them ready to pivot for a fast recovery. That means no furloughs, no reduced salaries, staying focused on our long-term strategy. Employees remain our most strategic asset. Closing the exocad acquisition in early April to help expand our digital platform for the ortho-restorative treatment. We are very excited about this opportunity. Adding resources to support international expansion. For example, approximately 100 new sales reps in China. Improving virtual treatment options and releasing new products and digital tools to meet our customers' needs, like Invisalign Virtual Appointment and Invisalign Virtual Care to help doctors and patients connect while practices are closed and beyond. 
Key to expanding our digital platform in a post-COVID-19 environment. Investing in marketing and media to reach our consumers while they're at home during the pandemic and keep our brand top of mind, something that other companies have stopped to conserve cash. Extending our working capital to help our customers manage their cash flow and expenses. We are very aware of the near-term volume challenges of consumer sheltering in place, closed ortho and dental offices and possible delays in new treatment as consumers go back to work and evaluate their priorities. But we're still focused on and investing in a vastly underpenetrated market and believe that Align is uniquely positioned for recovery and continued growth coming out of the pandemic. COVID-19 will continue to have significant implications to the world and to our industry. Our digital platform has made it possible for thousands of doctors and patients to continue Invisalign treatments throughout this global disruption, thanks to the digital orthodontics and Invisalign aligners, digital treatment planning and virtual monitoring and care. I think coming out of this, more doctors than ever will have experienced the benefit of digital treatment and digital tools for their practices and many who have seen firsthand the limitations and frustrations of the traditional analog approach to patient treatment, like wires and brackets. 
With that said, I want to thank you again for joining the call. I look forward to updating you on our progress as the year unfolds. Now I'll turn the call over to our operator for questions.

Yes. I think first of all, China is China, right? China has very rigid lockdown procedures. They were into this first. I don't think you can really take a vector from China and just work it from the United States or from a Western geography in general. We also see, as John indicated in his written script, is that this is coming up in China by city. And we see Beijing and Wuhan area and all Hubei Province being behind in that sense. So I think as you look at the United States, too, New York and California will come up differently than the middle part of the nation is what we're seeing right now, too. So you talked about some segmentation in the sense of how it's come back in China, too, remember, it's primarily a comprehensive product base that we have in China. And it's pretty much stay. I mean we're selling some moderate there and some different things. But it's primarily coming back as a comprehensive piece. So again, I don't think that's a vector that we'll use when you look at other areas, too. 
So I mean there's no question, Nathan, the other countries will come back. I just am very reluctant to take a vector from China and really relate that to the Western economies in different countries because it's all being handled differently around the world.

And we honestly feel that, particularly in the orthodontic community, there'll be a much harder leaning toward a digital kind of environment because with the chance of reinfection rates with COVID-19 and concerns about future shutdowns or slowdowns, as we mentioned in our scripts, you just have a lot of variability and flexibility that you can use in a digital format that you can't use in an analog format. So we'll be going to our customers with programs that really help them through, to figure out how to convert more and more of their volume to a digital environment. Not that we haven't done that before, but we'll be very specific about it. And as we move into teen season, teen season second quarter, you'll see us really focused on teens because we know orthos will be focused on teens, too. And that's a different demographic. It segments differently in a sense of our product lines like First and math, and we'll also be ready with PPE equipment and other things. They'll prepare doctors for the concerns that they're going to have of protecting their patients and also their employees, too. Did I miss anything, John, or anything you'd add?

Brandon, we've already extended from an Advantage tier standpoint with our customers when they went into that. So I don't know how much of an effect that will have on an ASP standpoint because we basically will be holding them to where they are. But overall, it's not price. It's our strategy here as we come up out of here. It's how do we support our customers in a digital environment. We're trying to explain how do we really support them from a PPE standpoint and an export standpoint. We talked about loans, different things from a cash flow standpoint. We know many of them are going to be challenged in that way. And we have been offering some payables relief and deferral going forward. So it's a broad aspect of needs, we think, our customers will have. Advantage is just one part of that, but it's what we can bring to these customers holistically to help their practice and help them grow.

Hey Jon, I don't want to be specific, but I mean, most of our competitors have had layoffs or cutbacks in some way. We've been -- just been blessed with a really strong balance sheet going in. This allows us to have the flexibility and do it, as we do. We're a growth business. You know that, Jon, well. We're set out for 20% to 30% kind of growth, and we have to position ourselves for that. In that sense, making sure that our production capacity is ready, that our employee base is ready, too. Our sales teams are really critical in that sense, too. And it's wonderful. We can see some of the investments like Invisalign Virtual Assistance and things that we're working with, with customers right now, that we can launch those products and continue to drive those products going forward with a full force engineering team also. 
So from a competitive standpoint, I mean, we're seeing varying degrees of cutbacks and moves in that sense. But we're not focused on that, Jon, really. We're just focused on what we think we should do, what's important in our portfolio and how we can help our doctors out.

Yes, Jon, when we launched [ Swift ], the timing couldn't be worse in that sense, because COVID hit pretty far after that, but we got a pretty strong signal in that, that we think we understand at least parts of the demand equation. We're going to look at rolling that out in a broader sense going forward in the United States and maybe in different parts of the world. 
But I think when you talked about the price point on ASP and different things, and obviously, we broached that with the doctors who are part of the [ Swift ] program. But Jon, you know this, I want to make sure our callers understand. This is -- our margins on this product line are accretive to our gross margin area and how we're going into it. So it's real important in how we position that going forward. But again, those 300 million patients out there, we know there's some price sensitivity and then there's some clinical aspects from a simplicity standpoint that we're going at with that product line. And we think it will respond real well in a broader sense as we begin to roll that out.

Steve, that's top of mind as we do things today, too. So actually, even before COVID, when we designed Swift, Swift was designed for basically 2- to 3-doctor direct contacts. And that's it. And that was part of making the equation for doctors a profitable equation, too. Then you roll in our remote monitoring capability that we just rolled out, which gives doctors a tool to be able to do that, and we'll be able to enhance that tool going forward. 
There's limited amount of attachments in IPR on things like [ Swift ], too. And it's not that our clinical protocols are going to, in some way, decrease in the sense of what the clinical capability are and what we can do. We're also cognizant in the sense of time and mouth. And we'll adjust that. We might time those things differently to help doctors, too. But there's a lot of different things that we're contemplating. We talked about at the conference last year about direct printed attachments and those kinds of things that in the future and not-too-distant future will allow a lot less contact and a lot of speed from a productivity standpoint with doctors and patients, be able to do those things. 
So it's the right line of questioning, Steve. So remote monitoring, a digital platform that allows us to anticipate exactly when you'll be seeing a patient and what will need to be done in that sense, not duplicating treatments at the office that don't need to be done and keeping up with patients in a sense remotely and only calling them in when something goes awry or a doctor has a concern in some way. So we feel our digital platform and things we have in the pipeline, Steve, are really well positioned to address that.

Yes, Steve, I think it's going to be -- it's certainly not going to be uniform in the sense of how we go about that. Whether it's in the states or anywhere around the world, there are going to be certain government restrictions. I think there's going to be certain -- when I say restrictions, too, it's going to be equipment that's available from a PPE standpoint, what patients are going to be prepared to do? We see some -- you look at treatment planning alternatives or when patients enter an office right now, they're not even coming into the office at times. They stay in their car until they're summoned in some way, to make sure that there's less interaction and proper social distancing within the office itself. So I can't really tell yet. 
The only thing is, I think there's going to be a lot more caution about, obviously, transmission of the disease. That's going to include how you stage patients, how often you see these patients. And I think from a dental versus orthodontic standpoint, there are obviously going to be different protocols because of the different procedures that take place there. 
Steve, there's an interesting article in the New York Times yesterday that really did an X/Y, kind of a graph on different types of professions that interface with customers and which ones are -- most time from an intimacy standpoint and could transmit a virus. And dentistry came up almost on the top of that whole thing. So I mean that's going to be watched closely, and I think we have to make sure we work with our customers -- I mean doctors and to help them through this, too.

Or Elizabeth, you're talking about just training of doctors online rather than face-to-face?

Okay. And so your question is on the workflow of that? Is that...

I get it, Elizabeth. Look, first of all, we've been -- we didn't just roll it -- we just rolled this out. We've been working on it for over a year. And so we actually rushed this to the market. And as we rushed it to the market, we were cautious in a sense of how many doctors we -- you had in the program. And we started here in the United States, and now we're gradually moving it to broader, to more doctors in the U.S. and across the world, too. We had to train the doctors to do this, but the great thing is it is on our IDS platform. And it has a great user interface that the team put together. So from the feedback that I've gotten from the teams and the doctors, too, that user interface has been pretty simple in how they've been able to put that piece together. And remember, the whole idea there is just that how do you stay in these kind of lockdown periods or future workflows where patients don't want to come into the office all the time to see a doctor, how in the world can you track treatment and how can you communicate? And it's gone really well. And we will have actually more doctors who want it, that we can give it to right now. We just want to make sure we don't burden them, and we just roll it out piece by piece to make sure that it's robust enough to handle more and more doctors over time.

Yes. More than 2,000 doctors. We have more than 2,000 doctors trained right now -- trained and beginning to use Virtual Care. And obviously, we have tens of thousands of doctors out there that will want to roll this out, too, and we think they'll have an interest in it. 
And we've had over -- just -- I'm getting some other data here, too. We have over 3,500 appointments right now that have been done through Virtual Care. Elizabeth, if we just think about this, too, it just makes sense, right? I mean and everybody's kind of -- in today's COVID environment, it obviously makes sense to try to eliminate patients trying to have this person-to-person contact. But I mean going forward, too, in a digital kind of environment, having these kind of tools just make sense from a productivity standpoint, for both doctors and patients, too. So we'll continue to invest pretty heavily in this, to get better and better at it. This is our initial launch, but you'll see more and more iterations to help to enhance this platform.

Jeff, overall, that's not a model that competes with us. We go directly to doctors in everything we do, work through a doctor base. And so from what we know of the -- I haven't looked at the patent or whatever. I just read most of the information that's out there. That has to do with Invisalign. And we have to do with just scanning a patient in a store and transferring a file that never really reaches a doctor in any way except from a teledentistry standpoint. So we don't see it being an issue for us at all.

From an orthodontist standpoint, Jeff, you're right to segment those 2 because, obviously, dentistry is a lot different than orthodontist and whatever. The orthodontists that we look to, I would say that they're not concerned, but they're cautious, in the sense of what they have to do, the precautions they have to make with the patients and also with their employees internally. They are anxious to get back. But I mean there's a good degree of caution to make sure that they come back in the right way, in a thoughtful way, too. And again, I think this could vary by state also, in the sense of how it's applied and what kind of regulations are put in place. But I know there's -- they're really interested to come back. And the ones that really went into this was a significant amount of Invisalign. Feel good that they've been able to stay in contact with their patients and be able to send packs of aligners with different things that's helped in any kind of course correction or holding patients to where they are. 
So on the dentistry side, I mean, that's obviously going to be different. But when you think about it, Invisalign's one of the least invasive procedures that you're going to see in dentistry. And we'll certainly be emphasizing that and trying to work with doctors to help them through. 
And we talked about iGo and the growth of iGo, and that's a great -- when you think about, you think, we talk about a digital platform, that's a terrific product for GPs in the sense of being able to leverage that and then send the more difficult cases to the orthodontist side. We'll be working with GPs to really help through that transition.

So we call it CCA, and CCA would be in order. And I'd say, John can correct me on this, I'd say it's 4 days to 5 days.

Kevin, prior to the COVID-19, we have a program called ADAPT where doctors -- orthodontists come to us and say, look, we want to go primarily 80%, 90% Invisalign. How do we do that, right? And so how do you do that, you're going to crank up your volume in a significant way. And to do that, you just need to drive more productivity. And so we were pushing that piece, is you don't have to see patients as often, right? You might have patients come back every 3 or 4 weeks to adjust wires and brackets. Likely, they're going to come back, they're doing their episode with a wire that comes out, and it's an emergency procedure, about 20% of an ortho's time, that does a lot of wires and brackets or emergency cases. We talk to doctors about how you can really control your schedule much better in a digital environment and how patients don't have to come back so often. We'd talk about 7 weeks, 8 weeks of seeing patients. Now that becomes even more magnified when you think about possibility of infection and concern about COVID-19. It's not just a productivity play. It's a way of being able to treat patients in a way that's safer for your staff and safer for those patients, too. So we'll certainly be emphasizing that. And -- but it goes -- it just goes along with a digital platform. It is -- it's much more productive. And doctors will need less time per patient. And I mean we've known that well from the millions of patients that we've done.

Hi Jaime, I'll take that. We're still -- we have the design. We're still working that piece. We have to find an effective way to manufacture it. So I don't have a date that I can give you, but I can tell you that it's high on our priority list.