Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. I'm pleased to report Q2 results and continued progress across all regions and customer channels that reflect our COVID-19 recovery efforts and those of our customers.
Practices across every region have reopened and are seeing patients, and many of those practices are embracing digital treatment in new ways and more purposely than ever before. In particular, Invisalign providers are using the virtual tools we expedited over the last few months to minimize in-office appointments and deliver doctor-directed personalized treatment that meets the needs of the moment, trusted, safe, convenient and reflecting the digital option. Initiatives we have prioritized globally over the last few months, including support for doctors to ensure treatment and business continuity, a shift to online education and training, ramping availability of virtual tools to keep doctors and patients connected throughout the treatment. And continued investment in consumer marketing, concierge programs and personal protective equipment or PPE are helping doctors navigate this evolving environment and come back stronger as their practices have reopened.
We have received consistently positive reactions and feedback from doctors in support of our efforts over the last few months. While it's too early to know for sure how extensive and sustainable the digital transition will be, interest in digital solutions is building, even among doctors who are not early adopters or advocates prior to the pandemic. The positive feedback and momentum is not just around Invisalign treatment. It includes digital workflow around iTero scanners and general dentistry. Doctors are telling us that iTero is central to their practice and to their practice workflows, and it's key to driving digital treatment.
With that, let me turn to results. For Q2, total revenues were $352 million, down 36% sequentially and down 41% year-over-year, reflecting significantly lower sales of Invisalign clear aligners and iTero scanners due to a full quarter's effect of COVID-19 pandemic on practice closures. Revenues from clear aligners were $298 million, and Imaging Systems & CAD/CAM Services were $54 million.
On a year-over-year basis, while clear aligner shipments were 222,000 cases, down 41% year-over-year, we are pleased with the continued progress we've seen from our recovery efforts throughout the quarter. For the quarter, we shipped Invisalign cases to approximately 48,000 doctors, of which 3,000 were first-time customers, reflecting lower doctor activity due to practice closures primarily in America's GP channel.
We also trained approximately 3,500 new doctors in Q2, including 2,350 international doctors. While our inability to hold in-person courses due to COVID-19 resulted in fewer trained doctors in the second quarter, we continue with a significantly larger number of Invisalign doctors through online virtual education courses, summits and forums. For the teen market in Q2, 71,000 teens and preteens started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners, representing 32% of total cases shipped, reflecting growth from APAC across comprehensive products. By the end of the quarter, we started to see recovery in the ortho channel with increases in Invisalign comprehensive treatments in the teens and preteens segment across most regions, with positive growth predominantly in APAC in the teen segment.
Invisalign First continues to accelerate among young patients as well and reflects greater resiliency as parents continue to prioritize orthodontic treatment for their kids. Overall, both noncomprehensive and comprehensive shipments were down, but with increased adoption of our moderate product among the ortho channel.
Last week, we held our Teen Forum Virtual Edition, taking what was a popular teen intensive program for orthodontists launched last year and recreating it as a virtual experience. In order to facilitate broader attendance among our customer doctors, we scheduled 2 Teen Forum virtual events. The first took place on July 17, and the second will be held this Friday. The program is designed to help doctors understand the highly visible online and on-demand world of today's teens and provide the know-how, tools and confidence to differentiate and grow their Invisalign teen practices.
Approximately 800 customers have registered for this full-day session that combines live and on-demand sessions, clinical and practice integration presentations, panel discussions and invaluable insights from experts with successful teen practices.
Now let's turn to the specifics around our second quarter results, starting with the Americas. For the Americas region, Q2 Invisalign case volume was down 53% sequentially and down 52% year-over-year, reflecting significantly fewer Invisalign case shipments due to the impact of COVID-19. For Q2, reported utilization was down for NA orthos and GPs, both quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. However, utilization increased in June, especially among certain orthodontists doing more Invisalign treatments with teen shipments recovering faster in North America in late May and through June. As part of our recovery programs, we enable doctors to switch their braces patients into Invisalign treatment by buying their wires and brackets. This program was well received, and as a result, doctors converted approximately 2,500 wires and bracket cases to Invisalign clear aligner patients.
In the GP segment, the timing of office reopenings and case prioritization slowed the recovery in this key segment as compared to the orthodontic segment, but the GP segment is catching up. In terms of timing of the recovery in the Americas, the U.S. continues to lead, followed by Canada and then LATAM, corresponding to the timing of the pandemic-related shutdowns and reopenings in each region.
For our international business, Q2 Invisalign case volumes were down 17.2% sequentially, reflecting a significant decrease in EMEA, again due to the impact of COVID-19, partially offset by growth from APAC, which is ahead in the recovery curve, in China, Taiwan, Hong Kong and South Korea. On a year-over-year basis, international shipments were down 27.1%, reflecting a decline in EMEA, partially offset by slight growth in APAC. For EMEA, Q2 volumes were down sequentially 44% and down 46% on a year-over-year basis across all markets, with more softness in the GP channel compared to ortho. We continue to see momentum with Invisalign First for Invisalign treatment in young patients. Overall, we saw a slower deceleration in teen shipment growth than adults driven by Germany and France. The expansion markets had less decline and only accounted for 5 points of the decline in EMEA.
We also rolled out a Recovery 360 program in EMEA, with over 3,700 orthodontists enrolled, resulting in a stronger partnership perception by our customers, including an increase in our Net Promoter Score or NPS. Using a combination of our ADAPT consultants, which I'll be describing more later, and territory managers, we helped practices with their workflow and scheduling; increased our doctors' engagement with their patients through the use of education and communication tools; and provided business viability, access and sustainability materials to the doctors.
In May, over 1,400 attendees from 3 regions, 75 countries participated in our virtual Invisalign Scientific Forum in EMEA. At the end of June, we held a virtual GP Growth Summit, with over 1,300 doctors from over 42 countries who signed up to gain insights on business, dentistry, health and change management. During the summit, we launched our GP Recovery Program and received great feedback on the tools and approach we provide to support business recovery. During the quarter, we also offered over 150 online and on-demand education events, which reached over 20,000 GPs cumulatively.
In July, we launched the Invisalign Go Plus system in the U.K., Nordic and Benelux, which offers wider treatment options, enables dentists to treat more patients with confidence and can be easily integrated into a wide range of restorative treatments in their practice. For APAC, Q2 volumes were up sequentially 41%, reflecting improving trends as practices reopened and got back to business as well as COVID-19 recovery measures we implemented in China. On a year-over-year basis, APAC was up 3.4% compared to the prior year and was the only region up year-on-year. As mentioned earlier, we saw positive growth in APAC in teen shipments, led by China, reflecting a strong uptick of recovery programs.
In the GP segment, we saw growth in the noncomprehensive cases with Invisalign Go and the launch of Moderate in China in March, continuing to further demonstrate doctor confidence in treating young patients with Invisalign. Throughout the region, Japan and Taiwan, South Korea successfully managed recovery efforts and performed better than expected.
During the quarter, we reached another major milestone with our 1 millionth Invisalign patient in APAC, an athlete in modern pentathlon and fencing, who is being treated by Dr. Yokoya in Tokyo, Japan. Earlier this month, we held the Invisalign Teen Forum in China in a virtual forum broadcast to 4 venues in Beijing, Chengdu, Wuhan and Hangzhou, to approximately 8,000 participants. The forum focused on the innovations and applications of digital technology in clear aligners as well as theories and clinical practices for teen patients. The forum brought together outstanding orthodontists from leading dental colleges from approximately 30 academic institutions. We believe that our global clinical education programs are the best in the industry, and we have been even more valuable to the doctors throughout the pandemic.
We launched a new and improved digital learning environment for our doctors this year, offering a comprehensive learning platform with role-specific content for orthos, GPs and their teams. The improved functionality enables more online learning opportunities, with spotlight features for what's trending now; recommending learning paths based on doctors' experiences; and expanded categories, including digital treatment planning, comprehensive dentistry and team education. To date, over 85,000 doctors have accessed recorded lectures and completed self-paced learning modules and watched how-to videos in over 3 million sessions. Among the ortho channel, over 30,000 unique users have engaged with a digital learning site, with an additional 50,000 unique users from the GP channel. We are encouraged by the digital training utilization rates among our doctors, which has helped them continue their Invisalign treatment learning journey during the pandemic. Feedback from the participants describes the courses as engaging, providing broader reach to online events and a strong desire that Align continue to provide these virtually. They also acknowledge Align's agility in providing relevant tools and content to help them during the lockdowns. We see this as an ongoing opportunity to enhance doctor learning through direct feedback and continuous improvement.
Building on the benefit of clinical education and training, today, we announced the global launch of the Align Digital and Practice Transformation or ADAPT service. This is our first customized consulting service and support offering for doctors and was developed based on years of learnings from practices that saw strong growth in practice transformation when changing their practice to digital. Initially available to Invisalign and iTero doctors in select segments of the EMEA market and then in the U.S., the global program is now generally available in EMEA and APAC regions and will be available in the U.S. in the second half of this year. The ADAPT program is an expert and independent fee-based business consulting service offered by Align to optimize clinics, operational workflow and processes to enhance patient experience and customer and staff satisfaction, which will in turn translate into higher growth and greater efficiencies for orthodontic practices.
The goal of the ADAPT program is to support digital practice transformation for doctors and their staff. ADAPT is designed for orthodontists with approximately 200 total case starts per year, who are seeking to build their future business. Driven by a team of independent business consultants, analysts and program support specialists, ADAPT offers a customized on-site consulting service to each participating practice. The program combines a review of business operations and practice workflow data with Align's expertise and digital workflow optimization, practice support, business transformation, marketing and clinical education support.
The pilot version of the program has been successfully developed across EMEA, the United States, Asia Pacific region over the last 12 months. As a result of the ADAPT service, participating practices improved profitability up to 15% within 6 months of implementation and increased practice revenue up to 20%.
Our consumer marketing is focused on building the clear aligner category and driving demand for Invisalign treatment through a doctor's office. In Q2, we saw strong digital engagement globally, with more than 70% increase in unique visitors as well on leads. Other key metrics showed increased activity engagement with the Invisalign brand and are included in our Q2 quarterly presentation slides available on our website.
We're pleased with the strong engagement and activity we've seen on our customer platforms over the last few months and believe it speaks to the strength of the brand and consumer interest in treatment even during the challenges of the last few months. In Q3, we are coming into what is typically the strongest part of the teen season, when teens and younger kids are home for the summer break and likely to start treatment before heading back to school. And while back-to-school looks very different this year in many countries, including the United States, this is still a time when practices, especially orthodontic practices, are focusing on younger patients. Teens are the biggest and most critical part of orthodontic practices and are huge influencers and drivers of practice growth. That matters now more than ever as we partner with practices in this recovery.
One of the most important ways we partner with customers is by creating demand for Invisalign treatment and to drive teens and parents to their practices for great outcomes and great treatment experiences. We have just launched a new teen- and mom-focused consumer campaign designed to do this just that -- by reaching teens and moms where they are most engaged on digital platforms, social channels and later this year, national and cable TV channels, where they spend the most time, like Instagram, Twitch for teens; Instagram, Facebook and People.com from moms. We're going to leverage influencers that teams and kids follow and trust, like Charli D' Amelio. We recently established a new partnership with Charli, who is a really dynamic kid and accomplished dancer who has a combined following of over 90 million fans on TikTok and Instagram. She's about to become a new Invisalign patient and ambassador for our brand. She'll be sharing her treatment journey in a way that is relevant to teens across social platforms.
And our new campaign will get the heart of what -- get to the heart of what Invisalign is and what it isn't, using straightforward language that teens respond to. Our goal is to tell teens why parents -- Invisalign is more advanced and more comfortable than traditional braces, emphasizing that this is not your parents' braces. We also want to ensure that they know that doctors are front and center in the Invisalign treatment because it's time to be very candid about the benefits of digital orthodontics and Invisalign treatment specifically.
For our Systems and Services business, which now includes exocad, Q2 revenues were down 22% sequentially. We were pleased to see the momentum with Element 5D imaging systems in North America and APAC, along with sales of iTero Element 1 scanner model in China and significant sales of the Flex scanner model in EMEA. On a year-over-year basis, Systems and Services revenues were down 48%, were slightly offset by the inclusion of exocad CAD/CAM Services. Cumulative -- over 24 million orthodontic scans and 5.5 million restorative scans have been performed with iTero scanners.
For Q2, total Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scanner in the Americas increased to 86% from 77% in Q2 last year. International scans increased to 72%, up from 61% in the same quarter last year. We're pleased to see that within the Americas, 96% of cases submitted by North American orthodontists were submitted digitally. We also recently announced that the iTero Element 5D imaging system was awarded Best New Technology Solution for Dentistry in the 2020 MedTech Breakthrough Awards. The annual program honors outstanding health and medical technology products and companies. We also received an award from DentistryIQ, naming the iTero Element 5D imaging system as #10 of 14 products and services to help dentists rebound from COVID-19.
With that, I'll turn the call over to John.

Thanks, John. In summary, we're pleased with our progress last quarter and by the customer responses to the actions we've been taking to support their practices and patients. We have developed a careful recovery approach that accounts for the safety of our employees, our customers and their teams and their patients and are committed to helping doctors navigate this evolving environment and be successful.
One of the biggest lessons we have learned over the last few months is about the critical importance of digital technology. Align has always been a proponent of digital treatment. But think about all the things that digital platforms and virtual tools have enabled during the crisis: the people in the businesses and the customers who stayed connected, the way we were able to adapt to working from home, the rise of telehealth and teleconsults, the AI that modeled the virus patterns and informed health experts and so much more. Consider also the companies that have thrived, most are companies that are digital at their core, Amazon, apple, Zoom, DocuSign, Netflix, InstaCart, just to name a few.
The advantage of digital are much more magnified to practitioners and consumers. This became even clearer in our industry when practices were shut down for months. Over and over, we heard, "I've been able to help my Invisalign patients progress in treatment, but I had to just try to keep my patients in a holding pattern with wires and brackets." Treating orthodontic cases has amplified the clear benefits of digital technology in clear aligners. This isn't meant to sound self-serving. This pandemic has emphasized the benefits of digital technology across many facets of our lives and businesses. Our acquisition of exocad adds additional digital workflows that play in the GP space and lab space. We're all excited about the exocad team and what our investment brings to this new world of digital dentistry.
Align's digital platform has made it possible for thousands of doctors and patients to continue Invisalign treatment throughout a global disruption, thanks to the digital orthodontics of Invisalign aligners, iTero digital records and simulations, digital treatment planning and virtual monitoring and care. At Align, we've always believed that digital orthodontics is the best option for teens and adults. As you can see from a peek at our new teen campaign, we're going to feature this going forward. What's clear to us is that the momentum we're seeing in the business and in the dental and ortho practices reflects more than just one thing or one new product or tool or one program or action. It reflects continuous improvement and continued execution of our core strategy across our business in every region. We're going to continue to stay the course while remaining vigilant and agile.
We feel good about the progress that we have made. And as we continue along the recovery phase of COVID-19 crisis in many regions, we are focused on what we can control and impact. We are in a unique position to continue investing into a huge underpenetrated market to extend our lead and accelerate growth.
With that, I want to thank you again for joining our call. I look forward to updating you on our progress as the year unfolds.
Now I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions. Operator?

Yes. I mean we saw dramatic improvement between April and June. Obviously, we were kind of in the jaws of COVID-19 with all the shutdowns and all in April. May was a little better, and then we were seeing strong momentum as we've moved into June. So I think you can look at that as a significant improvement in our business overall.

Yes. I mean that's -- I mean when you think about COVID-19 and what the business has really faced in that, 3,000 customers to us was terrific in that way, right? I mean you don't actually look for new customers coming in on that. You're looking for utilization rates on your current base. So I mean, we felt -- and I felt really great about the 3,000, and obviously, that got stronger as the quarter went on.

Yes. I think it's -- Asia is so diverse in itself. It's hard just to extrapolate Asia, Elizabeth. I mean obviously, China was kind of first out of this thing. But China has had a bumpy road also with the recent issues in Shanghai and different areas. So every one of these regions has its own unique footprint and its own unique model in the sense of how they've dealt with the virus. But I don't -- obviously, it's in our transcript here, but we see significant improvement in really every region around the world.

Steve, when we talk about a digital platform, you really start with iTero on the front end, right? Even in a downturn like we saw with COVID, in the capital equipment business, iTero was -- showed up well and then particularly with 5D in different areas. But that's the front end of this whole piece that we talk about on a digital platform. Then you move through our, obviously, our treatment planning and all. But what we added, when you think about the whole breadth of a global digital platform, we added virtual care that you knew about, and we came out so that doctors could talk to their patients remotely and be able to track treatment. And actually, we had several doctors actually close cases remotely with our virtual treatment capability. And that really extended the effectiveness of the doctors and the effectiveness of the digital treatment in that sense, too.
There's a lot of imaging that we do now in our treatment planning, in all too, and so it's not just tracking patients. It's also having images and different things that you can share with patients in the sense of where they should be around treatment in those types of areas. So it's a broad kind of a digital platform we're talking about. I mean we had tens of thousands of people on our virtual care platform as we roll that thing out in a matter of 30 days and then all around the world. And we'll continue to update that platform with AI. We'll make it much more predictive so that doctors don't have to look at every patient. We have a strong road map in that sense too, Steve. So it's just -- it's the breadth of a digital platform and how it covers everything, from starting with a consumer, turning them into a patient, from iTero all the way to the back end and being able to monitor and treat those patients.

Hey, Steve, I'd say we're incredibly optimistic in the scenario that you painted, where we don't see another COVID shutdown in a major market that lasts a long period of time. Based on the recoveries that we've seen in the latter half of May and then the strong recovery in June, we feel really good about the future of this business in the third and fourth quarter and beyond. John, anything to add?

Yes, we do.

We have got momentum and continue to be strong, Jon.

Yes. I think, Ravi, what we could tell you is, I mean, obviously, April was tough as we came out of March into April. We saw some stabilization in May and then good progress in June overall. So just a complete kind of beginning and end to that quarter overall. And like we just mentioned to Jon, is that that's continued into July also.

Well, I think the way we bill for that will be probably different by region. But it is -- it's not an easy transition for practitioners to go from analog to digital. And we've known that it's been one of the frictional points of customers wanting to, obviously, to go digital from a dentistry standpoint, orthodontics standpoint. So we've learned a lot, and we're using those learnings for customers that reach out and really want to make a commitment for a digital transition. And we know we can help. We piloted it last year in every region, and we roll it out full force now.

We -- yes, we have been doing that program in different countries in Asia for a while. So I mean we knew how to implement it. We thought it was a good time in North America, obviously, because of some doctors being trapped with their wires-and-brackets patients and their inability to help them. So will we continue that? We'll continue it through this quarter. If we -- whether we continue it or not will be really based on what consumer needs are and what doctors' needs are. But we'll make that decision when the time comes. But we're just trying to help in the moment in the sense of doctors being able to control their practices and help their patients.

John and Shirley know her better than I do, but they will put a good word in for her, okay?

Well, I think it's honestly hard to call that. I mean obviously, what you're pointing out, are teens are -- and this is the seasonal time for teens, and we know we'll get a strong signal here in the third quarter. But we're optimistic about adults. I think there's a lot of -- just talking to different people in the marketplace, and you know this too, there seems to be a lot of people with time on their hands, wanting to do elective procedures that they haven't had time to do before. And we're picking this up all around the country. So unlike 2008, where a lot of things kind of folded up because people were worried about their personal wealth, even though people are sheltering in place or socially distancing, and especially our demographic that we work through right now, seems to have more time on their hands too to be able to pursue these kinds of things. So we're relatively optimistic on the adult segment going forward, third, fourth quarter also.

Matt, you asked the million-dollar question, right, or the billion-dollar question, all right? We think -- I mean obviously, we're -- our story has always been we're way underpenetrated in this marketplace based on what consumers want, based on what our technology can do from a clinical standpoint, the consumer experience that's going on. I think we all think that COVID has really shined a light on this, a much less invasive treatment, much easier in the sense from a patient standpoint, much better workflow for doctors to keep track of their patients.
So we think, if anything, this is the time that this could happen. We're not telling you that this is the tipping point on the entire thing, but we certainly say this isn't hurting our story. And it's certainly being supported out there, not just in the United States, but broadly around the world.

Well, it feels like as we're in a teen season, we've talked about this before, John, that this is -- we call these elective procedures, but teens have a certain clinical window that they fit into, and it's always a time frame with parents. And we're very optimistic that, that kind of teen focus and growth will continue in the third quarter, in China too, in the United States and different places. But also, this is a different -- John, this is different than 2008, from what we feel, is consumers seem to have more optimism in the sense of the economy. You see it in the stock market right now. We all see it there. And they have more time on their hands with many people not working from offices.
And so we're optimistic again that there's money out there, and there's a willingness with patients to pursue these elective treatments. And I think you also have to look at the aesthetic markets from a surgical standpoint and see what's going on there, too. It seems to support that kind of an idea also. So it's a -- this is different than what we've seen in past recessions, for sure. I'm not a registered economist. Neither is John. We're good at Invisalign in this business, and that's where we can only just reiterate to you the signals we're seeing in the marketplace. But right now, as this comes back, we know that all dental offices aren't completely up to speed, but that's not necessarily based on demand. That's based on the way that they have to actually pace these patients through their practices to make sure that they keep their staff safe and they keep these patients safe, too.

Yes. It's hard to take the second quarter on MA and give you a trend because it was a pretty hard hit overall, obviously, from -- you saw from our numbers. I'd say, overall, mandibular advancement continues to go well. We pair it with our teen first product, Invisalign First product line, which is doing extremely well also. And so what you really find around the world, John, is you find some docs that are just glued to mandibular advancement. They love it. They use it every day. Other ones are trying it out, that they've had it on some patients and they're watching through it. On the First product line, they kind of combine that together. And so we see a significant increase in what I call our clinical penetration because we can do those kinds of cases that we couldn't really have done really 2 years ago at all.
So I'd say the way to look at that is our teen first product, Invisalign First, being the most uptake and the fastest uptake, with mandibular advancement right behind it.

We have all the protocols. We know how to do it. We're trying to find a manufacturing capability that can scale with what we feel the needs are out there. That sounds trivial. But in a business like this where you have an incredible amount of volume you have to put through, we still have some work to do in that scale-up mode.

Yes. Jeff, it's up year-over-year, not just quarter -- not yes, from a June standpoint, not just quarter-over-quarter, but June year-over-year. So it is a pretty strong signal.

Yes.

We'll give you an A for trying. That was a good one, Jeff.

And Jeff, we're not being cute here. It's just -- it's hard to read signal through noise right now, okay? And that's what we're conveying to you, okay?

Yes. I'd say when you say all that digital, it's just that's what allows them to drive the efficiency you're talking about, Jeff. So when you have these kind of digital tools, they will allow you to monitor patients; to communicate with patients one-on-one; or any kind of AI, they can tell a patient if they're off track or on track. And we know that interaction also encourages patients with the most important variable in this line of treatment is compliance, making sure that they have their aligners intact. And if doctors are watching and we're keeping up in that sense, it helps also.
And so what doctors find out over time is that they can -- they don't have to see these patients like every 3 weeks, like they do with wires and brackets. They don't have the, obviously, the PPE and everything else associated with their staff and all working through these patients. And if a patient doesn't have to come in from a clear aligner standpoint, you either give them all their aligners upfront or you give them more aligners to allow them to continue their treatment without having an actual doctor's visit. So they're just tools that -- they're kind of tools that we use now and from a business standpoint that we have, but it is applied from the clinical standpoint to keep tracking of patients and to allow doctors to be more productive, for sure.

I think, Rich, what you're hearing from both of us is, in this case, we're not quite sure exactly how many teens and adults were on the Switch Program. It's a good question. But you got to guess, statistically, the orthodontic market in the United States is 80% teens and 20% adults. So you can guess the majority of these switches were probably teens. But that's -- we're guessing, but we can get that data back to you.

Well, it's fair that it's helped. I can't tell you that -- the inflection points here, but we certainly see a lot of uptake and interest in a digital workflow and our digital methodology in light of COVID-19. And our experience has been, when doctors can really convert most of their practice, and that's why ADAPT is, once you get over 50%, 60% digital, your practice has changed significantly. And consumers like it better, doctors tend to like it better, like we talked about, you have higher margin and also a dramatic increase, like 20% increase from a revenue standpoint. So yes, this is certainly -- COVID has certainly been a push for this.
We're cautious. We don't want to talk about a crisis that's just terrible for people actually enhancing our business. But the fact is, it does promote a workflow and a capability that's much more convenient at this point in time given the COVID threat.

I think, Michael, when you ask a question like that and you think of our business and how broad it is and global it is today, is there's just a lot of mitigating factors, right? So we can't tell you if there's a backlog of patients that have come in sooner or whatever. We just know it's teen season in the United States and as Canada and -- I mean, I'm sorry, in China, Canada also. And we're -- June was indicative of a good increase in the sense of teens looking for treatment, and we think that will continue.

I would say no.

Mike, like -- it's back to Joe again, too. I just want you to know we have great enthusiasm for teens, and no matter where it is around the world, but we can't tell you if there's a surge of teen patients based on a lot of teens not being in school. We can't tell you if it's a backlog or whatever. But we can tell you we're enthusiastic about the season and that June was a good indication that it's heading in the right direction.

Utilization.

We -- no, I can't say that there was really. I mean we didn't talk a lot specifically about that. But Japan, Taiwan and Korea were exceptions because there were hardly a blip in the sense of what we saw in how they were affected with COVID. But really, every other country in APAC and most countries around the world, we said it fit for the expansion markets in Asia, even obviously, COVID was a big impact on them. I hope that answers your question.