Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some highlights for the first quarter and briefly discuss the performance of our 2 operating segments: clear aligners and intraoral scanners. John will provide more detail on our financial results and discuss our outlook for the second quarter. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open up the call to questions.
Our first quarter was a very good start to the year with revenues, volumes, gross margin and EPS all above our guidance. Record Q1 revenues and Invisalign volumes were up 25.6% and 28.3% year-over-year, respectively, reflecting continued strong growth across all geographies and customer channels as well as strong iTero Scanner and services revenues which were up 55.1% year-over-year. 
Q1 sequential growth was driven primarily by North America and EMEA volumes, reflecting strength across the Invisalign product portfolio. We saw a nice uptick in adoption of Invisalign treatment with a record utilization overall as well as expansion of our customer base which totaled 57,000 active doctors worldwide in Q1. 
Now let's turn to the specifics around our first quarter results starting with the Americas region. For the Americas region, Q1 was a solid quarter with Invisalign case volume up 7.1% sequentially and 21.8% year-over-year, reflecting growth in both our orthodontic and GP dentist channels. Q1, we trained 1,700 new Invisalign doctors in the Americas region, of which, 1,400 were North American doctors. On a sequential basis, Q1 Invisalign volume growth reflects record utilization for the Americas region overall driven by North American orthos at 18.3 cases per doctor with good initial adoption of Invisalign mandibular advancement in North America driven by the mid-Q4 launch in the U.S. We also had solid performance from GP dentists with continued momentum from Invisalign Lite and Invisalign Go. Invisalign Go provides a simple pathway for dentists to integrate mild-to-moderate tooth movement into comprehensive care. And it makes it easy for GPs to refer out more complex cases to orthodontics in the network. 
Year-over-year, Q1 Invisalign volume growth in the Americas region was driven by continued strength in ortho channel, especially from our high-volume doctors with 25.9% growth as well as an increase of 15.5% from the GP channel. In March, we announced the collaboration with Digital Smile Design, what we call DSD, a leader in holistic and digital dentistry solutions for dental clinics, which features the Invisalign system and iTero Element scanners as the digital solutions of choice for tooth movement and scanning. As part of the cooperation, Align and DSD will deliver dedicated education programs, enable simplified streamlined integration of digital end-to-end workflows into GP practices and offer doctors more opportunities to learn about digital tools and treatment planning support. We also continue to make great progress in Latin America led by Brazil. In Q1, Invisalign volume in Latin America was up significantly year-over-year, reflecting our ongoing investments as we continue to build our business in the region, training over 300 Invisalign doctors during the quarter. Next month, I'll be in Brazil with the executive team hosting a major customer event with more than 200 doctors discussing the future of digital orthodontics, including the science and technology behind both the Invisalign systems as well as our iTero scanners. We'll also have local social media influencers on hand as we kick off our very first Invisalign consumer campaign in Brazil and plan to live stream portions of the event to more than 500 doctors across the region. 
For our international business, Q1 was another good quarter with strong Invisalign volume growth of 38.5% year-over-year, reflecting increased Invisalign utilization and continued expansion of our customer base in both EMEA and Asia Pacific regions. On a sequential basis, international volume was up slightly, reflecting strong growth in the EMEA region and offset somewhat by a seasonally lower period in Asia Pacific as expected. 
In Q1, we trained over 2,400 new Invisalign doctors internationally, split roughly between each of the 2 regions. In EMEA, Q1 was a strong quarter with volumes up 37.4% year-over-year driven by growth across the region with record Invisalign volumes in all but one country led by Iberia and France. We saw strength across the Invisalign product portfolio with continued momentum from Invisalign First and Invisalign Go. We also continue to see strong growth across our key expansion markets as well as led by the Nordics and Benelux.
For APAC, Q1 Invisalign volume increased 40.4% year-over-year, reflecting continued strong growth from nearly all country markets led by China, Japan and ANZ. We also had a strong uptick in teenage patients in Q1 due in part to a teen promotion in China offered along with our teen edge sales program, intended to increase adoption of Invisalign treatment with teenagers. We also had strong growth from GP dentists, which were up 63.5% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, Q1 was flat as expected due primarily to a seasonally lower period with the lunar new year holiday. During Q1, we trained nearly 1,100 new doctors in APAC, over half of which were in China. We opened our second state-of-the-art training facility in China located in Shanghai. Our new manufacturing facility in Ziyang, China is continuing to ramp. And while we are making good progress, we still expect it to take a couple of quarters to fully transition aligner fabrication from Juarez, Mexico to Ziyang, China to serve the Chinese market and expect manufacturing overhead in Ziyang to be underutilized during this transition period.
Overall for the teen market in Q1, nearly 100,000 teenagers started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners, an increase of 41.1% year-over-year driven by continued strong adoption across all major regions, especially in APAC and EMEA regions. For Q1, year-over-year Invisalign Teen patient growth for North American orthodontists increased 29.2% and international doctors were up 67.2%. Invisalign First and Invisalign treatment with mandibular advancement continue to ramp globally and are helping to increase our share of teenagers and younger patients worldwide. Overall, we're pleased to see that the use of Invisalign Teen treatment among teenagers continues to outpace adults and that Invisalign First is driving a really strong growth in the kid/tweens segment. We'll continue to drive utilization and growth in our Americas teen business this year with a first Invisalign Teen summit in July. We know that summits increase engagement in Invisalign adoption. So for the first time, we're focusing a summit program completely on teen treatment and teen culture, including a tie-in to 2019 VidCon, the top teen culture and community event. Teen summit is designed to turn low teen submitters into high teens submitters by combining Invisalign specific clinical practice how-tos with an immersive teen culture experience.
Our consumer marketing efforts are designed to build a category and drive demand for Invisalign treatment through a doctor's office. We invest over $100 million each year in consumer marketing programs, including TV, digital and social media, PR, event marketing and our patient concierge service. Our goals are to make the Invisalign brand a household name worldwide and to motivate consumers to seek Invisalign treatment through a doctor's office. In Q1, we continue to see strong digital engagement with consumers reaching nearly 4 million unique visitors on invisalign.com sites worldwide for a total of 53 million visitors to date. Other key metrics show increased activity and engagement with the Invisalign brand are included in our Q1 quarterly slides.
In March, we launched a new online tool called SmileView at the International Dental Show, IDS, in Cologne, Germany. SmileView is designed to help prospective Invisalign patients visualize a new, straighter smile before they opt for Invisalign treatment. Within 60 seconds of taking a small selfie using a SmileView online tool with their smartphone or tablet, prospective patients can see what their new smile and straighter teeth may look like with their own facial features. SmileView is available online or in GP practices in beta testing in the U.K. and the U.S., and we are getting really positive feedback. 
In North America, we continue to invest in strong digital plans for adults and teens. Our teen-focused content, developed by AwesomenessTV, the fastest-growing youth channel, and teen influencer program help strengthen our brand presence among teens and parents, making Invisalign relevant and fun. During South by Southwest, we reached adult consumers with an immersive experience with the RealSelf: House of Modern Beauty where consumers can learn more about Invisalign and see a simulation of their future smile using Invisalign SmileView technology. And Invisalign was voted by consumers as a most worth it treatment, continuing to demonstrate continued strength with consumers. In EMEA, we held a recruitment drive for our influencer program called Invisalign Smile Squad, generating over 100-plus new influencer applications and 350-plus doctor registrations to take part in the program. And our parent of the teen campaign went live in the U.K. and France, raising awareness amongst a new consumer audience. Q2 will see a launch of our revised patient journey with media campaign strategy for focused markets, better integrating new conversion tools like SmileView and Concierge into the journey.
In APAC, we continue to build awareness for Invisalign treatment through the use of paid media and influencer campaign, including expansion of our influencer program in the region and a pilot Invisalign First social media campaign to target parents of younger children. To leverage increasing consumer awareness and demand, we also began to expand the Invisalign Concierge program that connects interested consumers with Invisalign doctors for treatment in new countries. Globally, in the second half of the year, we will launch a new consumer advertising campaign that emphasizes the importance of doctor-led treatment with Invisalign clear aligners while also differentiating our brand. On the professional marketing side, we recently launched 2 dedicated professional Invisalign brand campaigns that feature orthodontists and GP dentists. As the "ortho as hero" campaign focuses on Invisalign orthodontists as clinical leaders and the heroes of transformative, life-changing smiles, especially for teen and younger patients. The campaign showcases modern orthodontic practices that leverage digital approaches to treatment and are warm and inviting. The "go beyond" campaign is designed to celebrate dentists who go above and beyond every day to serve their patients. It also demonstrates the relevance of tooth movement to general dentists and the importance of integrating Invisalign with comprehensive dentistry. This was launched in North America and is now being rolled out in EMEA and APAC regions. 
For our iTero scanner and services business, iTero revenues increased 55.1% year-over-year, reflecting continued strength across all regions and customer channels. On a sequential basis, revenues were down 9.8% sequentially, as expected, reflecting lower scanner sales following a strong Q4 and consistent with the seasonality in the capital equipment business, partially offset by continued growth in services revenues due to the increasing installed base. During the quarter, we launched the new iTero Element 5D imaging system for comprehensive preventive and restorative oral care at the International Dental Show. The iTero Element 5D scanner is the first integrated dental imaging system that simultaneously records 3D, intraoral color and NIRI images, or near-infrared images, and enables comparison over time using iTero TimeLapse. Integrated 3D, intraoral color and NIRI technology of the new iTero 5D imaging system aids in detection and monitoring of interproximal caries lesions above the gingiva without using harmful radiation. The iTero Element 5D Scanner is available for sale in the majority of European and APAC countries and is not yet available in the United States or Latin America. Cumulatively, 13.5 million orthodontic scans and 3.6 million restorative scans have started with iTero scanners. Use of the iTero scanners for Invisalign case submissions continues to grow and remains a positive catalyst for Invisalign utilization. For Q1, total Invisalign cases submitted with the digital scanner in the Americas increased 76% from -- to 76% from 67.3%. In Q1 last year, international scans increased to 59.3%, up from 43.5% in the same quarter last year. Within the Americas, 91.2% of cases submitted by North American orthos were submitted digitally. And China remains at 45% for the quarter. We continue to anticipate that in another year or 2, nearly all Invisalign cases will be submitted digitally, primarily through an iTero scanner.
Given our continued progress and increased use of digital scans for Invisalign case submission, we continue to get questions regarding interoperability with third-party scanners. With recent product introductions, we want to make sure we are clear about which scanners are not qualified to submit Invisalign case submissions. We developed an interoperability matrix that has been distributed to our sales and customer-facing teams to help inform doctors. It also included our Q1 '19 conference call slides. So please reference it for more detail. However, to ensure there's no confusion in the marketplace, let me quickly reiterate our interoperability position on this call with 2 new scanners, the TRIOS 4 and Primescan. Regarding the TRIOS 4, Align will not qualify TRIOS 4 for any future 3Shape scanner -- or any future 3Shape scanning product for Invisalign interoperability in the U.S. or globally. Regarding Primescan, Align has received a request from Dentsply Sirona to evaluate Primescan for Invisalign case submission and we are considering that request. Until we make a decision to move forward and can conduct testing, Primescan is not qualified for Invisalign case submissions. 
Before I turn the call over to John, I want to update you on 2 other important topics. Our plans to reorganize Align's corporate entity structure to better align with the growing international nature of our business and the recent settlement agreement with Straumann. First, our plans to reorganize our corporate entity structure. Given the rapid expansion of our business globally, we must continue to scale and optimize our operations to help support our growth and financial profile. In March, we announced internally that we would be marking -- making changes to our EMEA headquarters located in Amsterdam in the Netherlands. Specifically, we'd relocate our current EMEA headquarters and move the majority of our corporate functions, finance, IT, HR, legal and our regional EMEA marketing from Amsterdam to Switzerland. We'll begin the transition to the new headquarter location midyear and expect to complete it in 2020. Early. We'll maintain an Amsterdam office to support local commercial operations. In addition, in August, we'll be relocating our current order acquisition, or OA, facility from Amsterdam to Poland to create a centralized operational hub for EMEA, co-located with our new treatment planning facility that we just opened. This new hub in Poland will include iTero business operations, customer success and clinical support teams and IT operations. As we evaluated our options, relocating our EMEA headquarters to Switzerland quickly became our top choice on many factors, including a more favorable and stable operating environment, an opportunity to accelerate our transition to a more decentralized commercial structure for EMEA that reflects the localization we've been working toward, a more centralized geographic location in Europe within EMEA's largest potential market and available talent pool to support key strategic roles required in the new EMEA headquarters. While we expect these proposed changes will allow us to obtain financial and operational efficiencies, it was a difficult decision to make and we're committed to supporting our impacted employees throughout this transition.
Moving onto the settlement with Straumann. On March 28, we announced a settlement with the Straumann group to settle patent disputes with ClearCorrect who was purchased by Straumann in 2017. As many of you know, for years, Align has been engaged in complicated, multi-country, multi-court patent litigation with ClearCorrect. The settlement with Straumann ends all current and pending litigation, provides $35 million in settlement fees to Align. In addition, we've signed a nonbinding letter of intent, LOI, with Straumann for an iTero development and distribution agreement. If we reach an agreement, Straumann will purchase and distribute 5,000 iTero scanners over the next 5 years and co-fund development with us to integrate Straumann's digital workflow into those scanners. The letter of intent we've signed is nonbinding, which means either one of us can walk away from the LOI. However, if we don't reach a development and distribution agreement with Straumann by early July, Straumann will pay us an additional $16 million for a total of $51 million. We have always been passionate about defending our intellectual property and the hard work and innovation by the Align team that it represents. We will continue to do that and to protect our technology through all the ways that our legal system provides. With that, I'll now turn the call over to John.

Thanks, John. Overall, Q1 was another solid quarter, and I'm pleased with the continued progress we're making in executing on our strategic growth drivers and I'm excited about the opportunity we have. I just want to highlight those 4 growth drivers here for the quarter. From an international expansion standpoint, Invisalign volume was up 38.5%. On our ortho/teen utilization, our worldwide Invisalign Teen patient growth was over 41%. GP treat and refer, leading with iTero scanners, our worldwide GP volumes for Invisalign were up 27.3% and 15.5% for GPs in the Americas. And iTero Scanner revenues were up 55%. Consumer and patient conversion with Invisalign treatment, we engaged with 4 million consumers globally in Q1 and are building the most recognized orthodontic brand in the industry. In Q2, we have a number of exciting programs and initiatives heading into the summer season, kicking off with the AAO in early May and the Invisalign symposium on the digital practice in London, which is our first ever truly global event designed to foster a global community of Invisalign doctors. This symposium will bring together 300 of the most experienced and most high volume Invisalign orthodontists from across the world to discuss the digital orthodontics and the challenges and opportunities digital transformation provides for their practices.
Finally, before I open the call to questions, I want to take a minute to welcome Raj Pudipeddi who joined Align last month as Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer, CMO, reporting to me. Raj joins us with more than 24 years of business leadership experience and brand building experience for companies, including Procter & Gamble and Bharti Airtel, an Indian telecom leader. He has an outstanding track record of delivering results across North America, Latin America and Asia Pacific regions. Raj also brings great consumer acumen and marketing expertise in terms of building brands, launching new products and accelerating digital businesses globally. His knowledge and understanding of how to leverage big data and consumer personalization will be instrumental as we continue to lead a transformation of digital orthodontics and dentistry and help millions of consumers get a smile they love with Invisalign doctors. Raj is a strong addition to our leadership team and I'm thrilled to have him on board. 
With that, I want to thank you again for joining our call. I look forward to updating you on our progress as the year unfolds. We'll see many of you at the American Association of Orthodontics meeting in Los Angeles next month as well as the upcoming financial conferences, including Bank of America Merrill Lynch, North Coast, Stifel, Goldman Sachs and William Blair. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions. Operator?

First of all, I mean, I think when we announced this issue with the SDC and having to close the stores, we just said it wasn't going to be material from a revenue standpoint and what we -- for the year. So we're sticking with that overall. I mean obviously, there will be some case lost from a store standpoint. The other part of your question is we shift some of that spend back into advertising back into other activities that we have going on to help to drive that demand. So we are -- we will reallocate that expense. It's reallocated into marketing and sales to be able to do that. And we expect to have the results from that, too. You have, I think, good experience in understanding what that investment return rate is.

Jon, I think, first of all, you got to take cyclicality into that when you look at China and APAC versus EMEA. EMEA goes around the dark side of the moon right after the second quarter. China has a really strong third quarter like they always do. You get the Lunar New Year in the fourth quarter, you got a stronger EMEA in the first quarter. So I think you can't do this kind of an apples-to-oranges comparison when you look at what Simon did this quarter. So what I would take away from this one is you've got a continuing growth rate in EMEA and continuing penetration rates that are terrific. We still have a great business in APAC from a growth standpoint overall. So I love the competition between those 2. I'm cheering for them both, Jon.

Nathan, overall, when you look at what's going on, I'd say there's 2 prime drivers in that ortho segment. One is what you mentioned is you our MAF product now that was qualified in November of last year. You have our Invisalign Teen product, which we're doing a lot of cases, 7-year-old patients, 8-year-old patients that we really never touched before. So that's obviously a big driver from an increased utilization standpoint. Secondly, I think, is just increasing awareness of the preference of consumers for clear aligners. And I think orthodontists know that and we see more and more orthodontists really adopting that. Thirdly, when you think about the segment overall is, from a long-term standpoint, like we talked about that's our second strategic imperative, is we see a lot of runway in teens. That's why we're having our teen summit coming up this year. We'll have a lot of focus in our top 300 in London this year also on teens, and we see more and more uptake on that as we work with orthos on the teens and we go directly to consumers and parents about it.

Glen, it's Joe. On the utilization for orthos, think about 2 big vectors there just our new product line in teens, MAF and our Invisalign First product line. It really brings us into about 25% to 30% of the teen market that we couldn't access before we had those products. Overall, I just think we have good momentum in that sense so we're going to continue to see continued increase in utilization as more and more doctors gain confidence in these products.

First of all, Ravi, I'd just say again the utilization rates that you reference in all and for teens again, it's new product. We still have an underutilization in teens. I mean, we're still in the United States, 9%, 10% from a teens standpoint. I'd say from a clinical standpoint, we can handle 80%, 90% of those cases depending on how you want to rate them. Many of our Invisalign docs say they can do anything in teen that they can in Invisalign. So you have a long way to go from a growth standpoint. From a competitive standpoint, we really don't have competitors in those kinds of products, okay? Those are highly proprietary products that it just takes a lot of history and knowledge to be able to make them and have them functioning well in the marketplace. As far as how we're competing out there with Invisalign stores or wherever. Invisalign stores are what they always have been with how do you drive more demand for our product line. It was in a way, instead of -- we've been advertising to consumers for years. This was a way of just taking those advertisement kind of capabilities and bring them into store and exciting patients moving those patients to doctors. There was nothing different in our business model. I mean it's a shame in the sense of what the arbitrator ruled. But look, we'll respect that decision and we'll move on in the sense of continuing to generate demand the way we know how to generate demand. From a competitive standpoint, SDC is a different kind of competitor. Obviously, they have high growth rates. We have high growth rates, too. We show we can mutually coexist in the marketplace and we continue to both grow.

Look, it's -- back to Joe here. China is a great growth market for us. We're manufacturing in China now. We put treatment planning in Chengdu. We handle all of our Chinese doctors right now out of China itself. We have 2 wonderful training centers, one in Shanghai, one in Chengdu. We feel very capable in China. We lead in China. Straumann's move with third- or fourth-tier player from a clear aligner standpoint, I don't see that as dramatic effect on this market now or in the immediate future at all.

Yes.

Let me start with your broader question on the scanner business is, look, we really feel good about our scanner. I mean 5D leads, I mean, obviously you see the 3Shape product came out but you got 2 separate scans that kind of use a near infrared. And we were so focused on workflow with GPs. We've just known over the years that, goodness, GPs time is such an important commodity in that sense and you want to do things as fast as you possibly can. So combining the near-infrared together for caries detection and tooth cracking, together with just a normal digital scan is a big breakthrough for us in the industry. And we've gotten great feedback. Obviously, they're starting off well. From a standpoint of U.S. approval, it's the FDA. I don't want to talk too much about it. But there are some issues in a sense of how the FDA wants this one to be designed from a disease-control standpoint. Look, we have a good vector on what needs to be done. It's going to take a little bit longer just like our MAF product did. But we're confident in I would say late fourth quarter, early first quarter of next year we'll be able to get approval.

Elizabeth, it's Joe. We have about 2 of those out there right now. Feedback is good. I mean, we've had Invisalign stores out there for years basically. And these are ones they're just dedicated Invisalign stores with brand and all and feedback has been terrific. Uptake has been good. So overall, it's a good place for us to invest.

No. I think we'll just -- we'll continue with the pace that we've been going and there's a lot of interest out there. We're just working through it right now. But overall, the interest from an orthodontic standpoint has been extremely good and also from the GP practices.

Steve, it's Joe. First of all, when you look at Straumann, they don't -- they have their own internal scanner but it really doesn't fit the broad application base that you need for both clear aligners and also for the restorative aspect of GP. So they primarily use 3Shape of those kinds of scans today. So your comment about which is better, the $16 million or this. It's a good question. I mean you have to assume that the 5,000 that they would sell, would be 5,000 we can't sell. I mean that's not necessarily a true or discrete variable in this whole equation. So look, ideally, I think, having the scanners sold by Straumann and having a good restorative workflow together would be helpful. But I would -- it's not a live-or-die proposition. I feel we have a good distribution in the marketplace, we have good coverage in 3 different regions and we'll be able to function well in either scenario.

Well, I mean, I think it's in our plan for 2019, is already baked in there from Brazil and Latin America standpoint. I can tell by your question, you do recognize the opportunity that we have in Latin America and also Brazil, given the focus on orthodontics in both of those regions. Look, and your comment also, we were late to the game there and that's why you see us making significant investments now in the sense of training doctors, putting people in place and building infrastructure there. So we haven't broken out those numbers yet. When they become material to the business, we'll do that. But right now, we're not making any projections or specifics about it. But rest assured, as you know, this is a big opportunity for us. It's a good product at the right time. And we feel we have good leadership there and good momentum.

Jamie, it's Joe. Just a quick question for you. Would you tell me who that competitor is with the price-favorable lines in GP?

Yes. We haven't really seen Schein or felt Schein in the marketplace at all. And we don't even know what their pricing is, frankly. And so we really haven't had to respond to that piece. I think if you look at the marketplace, you'd say that ClearCorrect traditionally has been in that GP segment. They're obviously owned by Straumann now. Straumann has been taking them throughout that channel. But we really haven't felt a higher degree of competitive pressure since [ that piece ] either. So I just found your question interesting. I know there's a lot of speculation out there right now, but we don't necessarily feel that. And remember, ClearCorrect always had a price-favorable line from a GP standpoint. And we've basically been able to fight that with technology and coverage in the marketplace.