Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some highlights from the fourth quarter and full year, then briefly discuss the performance of our 2 operating segments, Clear Aligner and Systems and Services.
John will provide more detail on our financial results and share additional color on business trends. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open the call to questions.  
Our fourth quarter was a strong finish to the year, with record revenues and volumes from both Invisalign aligners and iTero scanners, as well as increased gross margins, operating margins, EPS and cash flow. Our fourth quarter performance was driven by strong year-over-year growth across customer channels and regions and continued momentum sequentially.
During the quarter, we achieved a major milestone in EMEA, with a shipment to our 2 millionth Invisalign patient that will be amplified with the EMEA-wide campaign that will launch next month. This milestone for EMEA reflects strong acceleration in Invisalign adoption and growth.
For Q4, total revenues were $834.5 million, up 13.7% sequentially and up 28.4% year-over-year. Q4 '20 Clear Aligner revenues of $700.7 million were up 12.9% sequentially and increased 28.9% year-over-year. In Q4, we shipped a record 568,000 Invisalign cases, an increase of 14.5% sequentially and 37.3% year-over-year. 
Q4 reflects increased Invisalign adoption from both adults and teenagers, which are up 36.7% and 38.7% year-over-year, respectively.  Our teen and mom-focused consumer campaign generated 77% year-over-year increase in unique visitors to our website and 76% increase in lead generation.
In addition, Invisalign social media influencers like Charli D'Amelio, Marsai Martin, Christina Milian, Tisha Campbell-Martin, Rachel Zoe, Tiffany Ma and Tahj Mowry, continue to deliver exciting new content and increased engagement for the Invisalign brand with consumers and among their millions of followers.
Our Digital Platform continues to gain traction as doctors' usage of iTero scanners increase. Our consumer and patient app was rolled out to more than 50 markets, resulting in more than a 2.5x increase in apps download and monthly active users in 2020 versus a year ago.
Our patient feature usage continues to increase. For example, Invisalign virtual appointment was used 68,000 times. Our insurance verification feature was used 26,000 times and more than 30,000 patients enrolled in Invisalign Virtual Care in 2020. Our new consumer website was rolled out to more than 40 markets around the world and is driving increased effectiveness in lead generation. We also launched an improved new doctor recruitment website in the U.S. and Canada to support our digital conversion journey. This will be expanded to other markets in the next few months. 
From a product perspective, growth was strong across the Invisalign portfolio, especially for noncomprehensive cases, including Invisalign Go and Invisalign Moderate. There are also more doctors engaging with us through the Aligned Digital and Practice Transformation, or ADAPT program, as more practices are moving towards digital practice optimization. 
As you'll recall, ADAPT was piloted over 2 years ago and is being commercialized as a standalone service, providing the relevant workforce, clinical and marketing support to enable doctors to digitally transform their practices. In Q4, we shipped a record 77,000 Invisalign doctors worldwide, of which a record 7,300 were first time customers. We also trained over 6,400 new docs in Q4, including over 3,900 international doctors.
Q4 '20 System and Services revenues of $133.8 million were up 18% sequentially, driven by momentum in the Americas and EMEA, and up 26% year-over-year, reflecting strong growth in EMEA and Asia Pacific. Our results reflect continued strong uptake of the iTero Element 5D, the only inter oral scanner with caries detection, which is scaling rapidly across each region and represented approximately 1/3 of iTero volumes in Q4.
Innovation remains a cornerstone of our business. Today, we announced the availability of the iTero Element Plus series, which expands our portfolio of iTero Element scanners and Imaging Systems to include new solutions that serve a broader range of the dental marketplace.  
The new iTero Element plus series of scanners and Imaging Systems builds on the success of the award-winning iTero Element family and offers in all the existing orthodontic and restorative digital capabilities, doctors have come to rely on, plus faster processing time and advanced visualization capabilities for a seamless scanning experience in a new sleek, ergonomically designed package.
We announced the launch of our next-gen ClinCheck Pro 6.0 proprietary treatment planning software with in-face visualization, and our Invisalign G8 improved predictability in our last earnings call, we announced. Their availability is being expanded across all regions. 
Further, we launched several enhancements to our treatment planning including improved final teeth position and auto segmentation. We also added several new features to our virtual care tool. 
For the full year 2020, total net revenues were a record $2.5 billion, up 2.7% year-over-year. Clear Aligner revenues of $2.1 billion were up 3.7%, reflecting a record 1.6 million Invisalign shipments and growth of 7.9%. During the year, 30.3% of total Invisalign cases or nearly 0.5 million teens or younger started Invisalign treatment. This is up 11.5% from 2019. System and Services revenues were down slightly compared to 2019.
2020 was a year unlike any other we've experienced. The COVID-19 pandemic and its impact have been life changing, marked by loss and separation, recovery and renewal, record highs and lows and significant milestones and accomplishments. Even at a time of huge disruption, we all had to adapt, evaluate priorities and develop new ways of doing things, both personally and professionally. Through it all, Align's priority has been the health and well-being of our employees and their families and our doctor customers and their staff, and that remains a constant.
Despite the swift onset of the pandemic and the uncertainty through 2020, we didn't halt our plans or change our strategy for continued growth. We completed the acquisition of exocad, accelerated our investments in marketing to create Invisalign brand awareness and drive consumer demand for our doctors' offices, accelerated new technology to market with virtual tools that enable our doctors to stay connected with their patients, provided PPE to those in need and supported doctors and their teams with online education and digital forms that went beyond products to help them navigate the uncertainty of the pandemic. As a result of our continued strategic focus and investments, we exited the year stronger than we started and 2021 is off to a great start.
Now let's turn to the specifics around our fourth quarter, starting with the Americas. For the Americas region, Q4 Invisalign case volume was up 12.7% sequentially and up 34.1% year-over-year, reflecting increased utilization of Invisalign treatment for both orthodontic and GP channels. Our continued investments in digital marketing and sales programs and focus on market segmentation are helping drive strong growth of Invisalign clear aligners and iTero products.  
During the quarter, we continued offering sales initiatives to our doctor partners to help drive adoption of Invisalign and iTero products. The Bracket Buy Back - Switch program, which we launched in North America in Q2 '20, continues to drive conversions from wires and brackets to Invisalign clear aligners.
During Q4, and this program resulting -- has resulted in about 10,000 new cases, similar to Q3. We believe it's also causing a halo effect with patients switching from wires and brackets to Invisalign clear aligners with increased awareness of the benefits of Invisalign treatment and how it is less disruptive to their lives with the outcome of a beautiful smile through an Invisalign-trained doctor. 
The Teen Awesomeness Centers programs, direct patients to Invisalign doctors who are experts at treating teens, and are seen as the go-to docs for treatment. We continue to see growth with Invisalign First for treatment in younger kids, driving increased comprehensive treatments within North America ortho channel.
Latin American volume was also up year-over-year, led by strong growth in Brazil and Mexico. We believe the market for orthodontic treatment is huge in Latin America as we continue to grow our presence across the region. We saw increased utilization in the GP channel with Invisalign Go and the continued adoption of Moderate. The GP Accelerator program, designed exclusively for general practitioner dentists, provides an all-encompassing support plan based on practice needs that is centered around maximizing iTero integration, clinical support needs and implementing new marketing strategies.
We also see increased utilization with GP dentists that have enrolled in the iPro program as well as with doctors that have installed the iTero scanner. DSO utilization also increased and continues to be a strong growth driver, led by Heartland and Smile docs.  For the full year, Americas Invisalign volume was up 3.6%.
For international business, Q4 Invisalign case volume was up sequentially 6.7%, led by strong growth in EMEA as doctors returned from summer holiday season, offset somewhat by seasonally slower period in China. On a year-over-year basis, international shipments were up 41.1%, reflecting increases throughout both EMEA and APAC. For the full year, International Invisalign volume was up 13.3%. 
For EMEA, Q4 volumes were up sequentially 47.9% and 48.3% on a year-over-year basis across all markets, with strong performance across both ortho and GP channels. Within the GP channel specifically, we saw acceleration in both utilization and shipments with Invisalign Go. 
We also saw acceleration in both core and expansion markets with growth in our core markets led by Iberia, U.K. and France, along with continued growth in our expansion markets led by Central and Eastern Europe and the Benelux. We introduced the Ortho Recovery 360 program in EMEA last quarter to support our orthodontist as they started reopening their businesses. As of Q4, 3,200 orthodontists have enrolled in the program. 
During the quarter, we launched a Recovery II program with a refreshed website featuring all digital tools, growth programs and education events for EMEA doctors to support their relief efforts during COVID-19. We also held our Digital Innovation Forum at the beginning of December, where approximately 900 doctors, both ortho and GP, attended the 2-day forum event with keynotes on the digitization of dental practices. We also continued our digital excellence series of webinars launched by the iTero team.
Throughout the quarter, the following digital innovations were also launched across EMEA: Invisalign G8; ClinCheck Pro 6.0; and Invisalign Go Plus to help drive Invisalign clear aligner utilization. To support our GP doctors, we launched our GP Recovery 360 program last quarter, with over 2,700 GPs enrolled so far. We continue to offer online and on-demand education events, which reached over 15,000 GPs cumulatively. For the full year, EMEA Invisalign volume was up 12.6%. 
For APAC, Q4 volumes were down sequentially, 14.7%. Notwithstanding typical Q4 seasonality in China, following a strong Q3, we had strong growth in Japan and ANZ and Southeast Asia. On a year-over-year basis, APAC was up 30% compared to the prior year, reflecting continued strong growth across the region. We were pleased to see the growth in the adult segment with noncomprehensive cases with the Invisalign Moderate product in the GP channel. 
In the teen segment, we also saw an increase in utilization amongst Invisalign doctors, and we saw continued acceleration from Japan and ANZ. For the full year, APAC Invisalign volume was up 14.3%. Last year, we launched a new and improved digital learning environment for our doctors offering a comprehensive learning platform with role-specific content for orthos, GPS and their teams. 
The improved functionality enables more online learning opportunities with spotlight features for what's trending now, recommended learning path based on doctors' experiences and expanded categories including digital treatment planning, comprehensive dentistry and team education. 
For the year, over 127,000 doctors have accessed recorded lectures, completed self-paced learning modules and watched how-to videos with new certified doctors viewing more than 1.4 million pages of content. Among the ortho channel, over 47,000 unique users have engaged with the digital learning site, with an additional 80,000 unique users from the GP channel.
As we've mentioned, we are seeing good adoption of the ADAPT program, which is an expert and independent fee-based business consulting service offered by Align to optimize clinics' operational workflow and processes to enhance the patient's experience and customer and staff satisfaction, which will, in turn, translate into higher growth and greater efficiencies for orthodontic practices.
As a result, the ADAPT service -- participating process in Q4 improved profitability significantly after implementation. Our consumer marketing is focused on capitalizing on the massive market opportunity to transform 500 million smiles, educating consumers about the Invisalign system and driving that demand to our Invisalign doctor offices.
In Q4, we saw strong digital engagement globally, with more than a 77% increase in unique visitors, a 108% increase in doc locator searches and 76% increase in leads created, driven by our global adult- and mom-focused campaigns and teen-focused influencer content.  Our U.S. mom/teen multi-touch multimillion-dollar campaign, with influencer-led YouTube videos, a mom-focused TV spot, a custom Twitch activation, and mega teen sensation, Charli D'Amelio, continued to perform very well and garnered 2.7 billion impressions in Q4. The statistics I shared previously speak to the successful reach of this marketing campaign is having to not only drive demand with consumers but also in educating them on the benefits of Invisalign treatment through a doctor's office.
In Q4, we also launched media tests in the EMEA region, in the U.K., Germany and France, and in the APAC region in Australia and Japan. These have worked very well and resulted in more than a 6x increase in leads in EMEA and a 3x increase in leads in APAC. Several key metrics that show increased activity and engagement with the Invisalign brand are included in our Q4 quarterly presentation slides available on our website.
Align is always looking for new opportunities to reach consumers and be relevant to potential patients, wherever they work, live and play, which is why we announced the Invisalign brand is the official clear aligner sponsor of the National Football League, the NFL, and 11 NFL teams, including the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Kansas City Chiefs.
The NFL league partnership, designed to expand our reach with consumers, generated over 150 million impressions in 2020, helping to drive awareness of Invisalign clear aligner treatment at a national level, while the team agreements are designed to help us engage within key markets and connect consumers with doctors in those markets.
For our Systems and Services business, Q4 revenues were up 18% sequentially due to higher shipments and services revenue. We continue to see momentum, with the iTero Element 5D Imaging System gaining traction in all regions with significant Element Flex sales in EMEA.
On a year-over-year basis, Systems and Services revenues were up 26% due to higher shipments and services. For the year, our System and Services total revenues were down 2.8% year-over-year, cumulatively over 3.1 -- 31.4 million orthodontic scans and 6.7 million restorative scans have been performed with iTero scanners. 
For Q4, total Invisalign cases submitted with a digital scanner in the Americas increased to 84% from 79.5% in Q4 of last year. International scans increased to 73.7%, up 64.7% in the same quarter last year.
We're pleased to see that within the Americas, 94.8% of cases submitted by North American orthodontists were submitted digitally. We're also proud to share that iTero Element intraoral scanners are the winners of the 2020 Dentaltown Townie Choice award for Digital Impressioning category. 
Also during the quarter, the National Association of Dental Laboratories judging panel selected the iTero Element 5D as the winner of the 2020 Journal of Dental Technology WOW! Award. The award represents a recognition of our commitment to enhancing patient engagement and communications that support efficient laboratory production.
For exocad, during the quarter, we launched 2 of the largest software releases in history, DentalCAD and exoplan. Dental CAD 3.0 Galway includes over 90 new features and over 80 enhanced functionalities with significant improvements to reduce design time, such as Instant Anatomic Morphing. Exoplan 3.0 Galway includes over 40 new features and over 60 enhanced functionalities that support planning of edentulous cases, including the design of surgical guides. During the quarter, exocad also added 2 new large implant manufacturers as OEMs for exoplan in Brazil.
With that, I'll now turn it over to John.

Thanks, John. The choices we made in 2020 to protect employees, support customers and press forward on our strategy for growth, were possible because of the strength of our balance sheet and the confidence we have in our business model.
Our actions reflect our conviction in the enormous opportunity we have to transform smiles and change lives. With 15 million orthodontic cases starts annually and more than 500 million consumers who can benefit from a better smile, the market for digital orthodontics and restorative dentistry is massive and has been unleashed by the need for digital.
In a macro sense, COVID-19 has accentuated the benefits and pervasiveness of the digital economy. From an Align standpoint, practices across every region are embracing digital treatment in new ways and more purposefully than ever before. Invisalign providers are using our virtual tools to minimize in-office appointments and deliver doctor-directed personalized treatment that meets the needs of the moment, and that will reshape the future of treatment. 
Digital acceleration is not just around Invisalign treatment. It includes digital workflows around iTero scanners and general dentistry. Doctors tell us that the iTero scanner is central to their practice and their practice workflows, and it's key to driving digital treatment.
We've also known this, iTero and now exocad are core components of the Align Digital Platform. Our integrated suite of unique proprietary technologies and services delivered as a seamless end-to-end solution for patients and consumers, orthodontists and GP dentists and lab partners.
And particularly, we now have all the building blocks to create digital workflows, leveraging the combined power of Invisalign treatment, iTero scanners and exocad software to become more relevant to the GP market, which is critical to accessing the $500 million consumer opportunity.
Align is a growth business with huge opportunities, but the environment remains uncertain due to COVID-19. Our plan is still to counter uncertainty by staying focused on our long-term strategy, living our values, supporting our employees and customers and keeping in mind the demand drivers we've identified over the past year.
The redirection of disposable income for many consumers; channel focus that allows us to reach and support a wider range of customers within each channel; and most importantly, the digital mindset that's taking hold with more and more of our customers and that we are supporting through innovative products and programs that can help support their digital transformation.
We are not ignoring the reality of COVID-19 and how long it may be part of our lives. But we're also not going to stop driving the business forward for the good of the customers and their patients, our employees and our stakeholders.
In closing, I want to leave you with a few thoughts as we begin the new year. While there is considerable amount of turmoil in the world, our focus is on what we can control as a company. We have strong momentum. We'll stay focused on our strategic priorities, international expansion, patient demand and conversion, orthodontist utilization and GP dentist treatment.
In summary, we're very pleased with the fourth quarter and the full year results of 2020, during a remarkable year with events beyond our control as a result of COVID-19. It is during times such as this when having a solid strategy, combined with focused execution, can lead to outcomes that support growth, not only for Align's business, but also practice growth for Align's customers, which also leads to more and more Invisalign smiles.
With that, turn it over to the operator and we'll take calls.

Ravi, first of all, I guess, your first question is on average selling prices. We try to communicate this as strongly as we can is to keep your eyes on gross margin because we have huge mix, whether it's international mix or it's product mix, you see a lot of progress in iGo and products like Moderate and Invisalign First and those products. They carry actually lower average selling prices, but higher margins. And so you could often mix up on those things.
So I'd say, as we keep emphasizing, is don't be overly concerned about ASPs or focused on ASPs. Like John said, we didn't increase ASPs this year because we're interested in supporting our customers and making sure that this is difficult -- a really difficult transition for many practices right now and instituting a price increase just wouldn't have been responsible in that sense. 
But at the same time, we drove incredible productivity across the business, and we were able to show those kind of gross margins. So I hope you and the rest of the analyst community out there can actually see that. We've been talking about this for a few years, but actually taken place.
On the teen side, in the conversions from an advertising standpoint, I mean we come at this from a lot of different ways and a lot of different areas. And we -- if we're going to start teen season, you really have to start in February in the United States, and you have to really work through a lot of different aspects of social media. You advertise differently for moms than you do teens and different things like that. 
So I can't give you a correlation coefficient in the sense of here we invest and how much we get back. But we understand as well as a business. We've been doing it for years. We understand the timing of it and more and more we become more specific on the social advertising pieces and how to implement that properly. And John, do you have anything you want to add?

Jon, I'll let John have the specifics of it. I'd just tell you that January was a really strong orders quarter. So that momentum really continues.

Jon, I appreciate you bringing up EMEA. I mean, that was just an amazing performance, when you see that. I've been doing business in Europe since last 30 years, and you see growth like that by countries, it's amazing. And I think that's -- to me, that was really a story on the fourth quarter too, was the breadth of that growth. It wasn't just North America, it wasn't just Asia, it was -- it was deep, it was across segments, across GPs, across orthos. 
So Jon, I'm not ready to talk about an inflection point. All I can say is when you think about, we had 77,000 doctors that ordered, that I talked about in my script, and then 7,200 to 7,300 more doctors, so that's 10% more doctors. That's a record for us, too. So when we see Invisalign, this digital treatment really catching on in a big way, and it's meaningful. Look, we're gearing up for it. We're obviously advertising to drive that demand, and we'll stay focused on just executing, Jon, right now.

That's the life we live now. Steve, we understand it. It happens on like every call. From a GP channel standpoint, I mean, 3 years ago, when we first started segmenting in Europe and now we are doing in the states, and we do it all over the world. And then we introduced products like iGo that were specific to it. 
And just -- and a sales force that can communicate with GPs because it's a different conversation than with orthos. Steve, I can't tell you where it's going. But when we talk about that 500 million patients like I did in my script, that's where they are. And that's where you touch them. And it's a different -- it's not a big teen market. It's a lot of adults, but it has to have a workflow that's specific to a GP.
And that's why we drive our products. It's why iTero is so important from a front-end standpoint. Your question on exocad is we think that's going to be a big GP driver for us. It's a big legitimate piece for us. But I don't think it's adding to volume right now. We're just rolling out these new products. We're just starting to integrate that kind of software code into iTero and into our programs, and that certainly will drive increased penetration in the future.

I think as we get further and further from the second quarter, obviously, the backlog question becomes less and less as part of the noise of the structure, right? I feel a lot of analysts, Jeff, they wonder, hey, we had a great third quarter, obviously, and it was -- well, how much of that was really the second quarter that was rolled into the third. We really don't know what that was. We don't. And our doctors don't know it either as we talk to them. 
The fourth, obviously, had less of that. And we really felt good about our orders in January, too. So I think we're really moving away from that question here soon. The number of docs, like I just quoted, with over 7,000 new docs ordering from us, 77,000 in total shows you the breadth of what's going on.
And what's really struck me in this entire thing too, Jeff, is really the -- this is not just the United States, this is all over the world. It's Latin America, it's APAC, it's tremendous growth in Japan and ANZ and traditional markets, in China, in Europe. So there's breadth to this and then the segments we talked about, both GPs and orthos. So look, there has to be backlog in the third quarter. There has to be some backlog in the fourth quarter, whatever, but we don't think that's the overriding story here.

Yes. You helped me answer that question, Jeff. It is a mix. But it is really broad. I mean we see it in the Bronze accounts and Golds and all the way to Diamond and Diamond Plus, and we see growth in all those segments. 
And I think it's kind of logical, right? The people that know how to digital are going to expand on it because digital really allows them to function in this COVID environment in a way that allows them fewer customer touches and they can actually carry on their practices in a normal way.
Other doctors actually see the advantages of that. They have patients asking for them and they start to move toward a digital kind of a platform. So and overall, again, it's a breadth discussion. It's not just one area. It's not just one country, it's about one segment of the advantage program. We've just been seeing adoption across the board. And John, anything to add onto that?

And Jeff, the last thing you said is, do you care? Which I thought was kind of interesting is like we really don't care. We just want to serve the doctors who want to work with us. We see this market. We talk about how large this market is and how under-penetrated it is, and we just want to see wherever that growth is. That's great. Because on the low end, that's terrific, so on the high end, that's terrific. We set this company up to be able to service either side and to work well with them.

Elizabeth, it's -- you could work for us, okay, you kind of described exactly how that demand is. It's coming from all these different places. And a lot of it -- when you say where you're taking share, a lot of it is just analog share, there's so much of dentistry still just completely analog. They're still doing impressions and different pieces. And so it's -- the growth has been tremendous in that sense. 
Your question about orthodontists that start to move up and do a significant part of their practice being Invisalign, you see a scanner at every chair. And they use these things constantly. It's part of what they do. 
And what we see on the GP segment is the communication tool ends up being the scanner and the front of the scanner. Because in the past, they'd hold up a mirror and say, Can you see that second molar back there and you'd say, yes, but you really couldn't, right?  Now you throw it on a screen, it's live. 
You can see exactly what's going on. It becomes an incredible patient communication tool in a sense of where is your dentition? What needs to be done? And it helps to convince patients of what the doctor wants to do and the validity of that kind of treatment. 
So that -- this is where dentistry is going. And when you look at iTero, it is arguably the highest performing scanner in the world, the speed of it, the exactness of it, color rendering and also with NIRI technology, be able to see caries or cavities is a real benefit. Even the orthodontist, who want to make sure that before you start the treatment that, that dentition is in good enough shape to be the -- accept that kind of movement. So that's just -- this is the time for digitization inside of dentistry, and iTero plays a big role in that, and it front ends our Digital Platform.

Yes. And Elizabeth, on the new product pieces, keep in mind, we talked about we spend $0.5 billion a year on advertising and also new product development, you'll see a lot of new products. We don't pace ourselves on those introductions based on IDS. And that's why we, obviously, announced a new iTero scanner. 
We talked about the new 6.0 software that we have. A lot of changes to BiPAP, which is our final positioning aspect of dentition. We had the plus product from iGo, the in-face visualization. This is a digital business, and it requires constant iterations in products. 
I mean -- and obviously, mid-winter and those things were great places to highlight it, but our innovation, we looked at it as agile not waterfall anymore. And then since waterfall used to be invent during the year, release one period of the year. More and more, you'll see us just monthly, just rolling out new products as we adapt to a more kind of an agile philosophy of development than a waterfall type of, if that's what you're asking, Elizabeth.

Yes. Look, I think it has a huge amount of breadth to it. I mean, it's not just U.S. We started this in Japan actually years ago, introduced in the United States. And you think about -- it's just a great winner, detaching those wires and brackets from people's teeth, using Invisalign, understanding, like we said in our script, just how much more simple it is and better for people and comfortable for people to go with our product lines. So we think it's -- we have a lot of room to grow, and we're going to keep supporting it.

Nice try, Rich. We're -- look, we're very committed to our long-term growth model, 20% to 30%. That's really all I can say right now. Rich, we're in a really uncertain environment. We're happy about January. And this is why we're not giving guidance. We're all living with volatility right now. We'll just continue to execute and keep our heads down. But we're committed to that 20% to 30% growth model that we've been talking about for several years.

Our supply chains, we try to keep ahead in that sense. So I feel we have adequate plans and capacity right now to be handling a surge in demand.

Yes, John, we don't know. But I'd tell you, it did -- it became muted this year. Obviously, we saw a much stronger fourth quarter in the United States in teens than we saw -- it's that you normally see from a season standpoint, it gets continued. So I think all of us are expecting summer and fall months as COVID has started to retreat a little bit. That might take us back to the patterns that we had before, but I don't think it's going to be binary. I really don't. 
I think this could have changed the pattern. We're going to have to just ride the curve here and see how it goes. But we'll continue to advertise through this, execute on the plays that we talked about in our scripts, and we really feel confident we can continue to drive significant teen demand.

I think the call out, Jason, really is just the breadth of it, really. There wasn't any geography in particular that dominated or it was just in segment 2, GP and ortho continue to be strong. So when you exit a year and you enter a new year, you're obviously glue to that month to see, especially in a business like this, what the momentum is. And we just see a continuation of the strong momentum that we had in the fourth quarter that's -- John, anything you can add on...

We felt good about our growth in China, 26% for the quarter overall. China is -- we see shutdowns periodically, issues in Shanghai or different places. The Chinese are pretty draconian. I'd use -- the move is when they see COVID, they move pretty quickly. The public hospitals have been throttled to a certain extent on elective procedures. 
So -- but we felt good about the quarter. And we feel -- honestly, our investments in China, we really feel good about those. The manufacturing piece helps legitimizes us -- our IT systems from a data protection standpoint have to be geared towards China. We're in good shape with that. We're assembling iTero there now. We feel great about our training centers, great about our treatment planning capabilities. 
So overall, we remain bullish on China, and we think that China will start to -- with the rest of the world, will start to recover in the second half of next year, too, and we expect to be a big part of that.

Nathan, that's -- we try to emphasize as much as we can, we feel very confident about those 20% to 30% range of growth and continuing to target 25% to 30% operating profit, too, in order to do that. So you'll see us -- in the investment rates that we -- John talked about, we're putting in place to drive that demand. So we make -- we remain committed to that modeled growth.