Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some highlights in the fourth quarter and the full year, then briefly discuss the performance of our 2 operating segments: Clear aligners and intraoral scanners. John will provide more detail on our financial results, discuss our outlook for the first quarter and share our thoughts for 2019. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open up the call to questions.
Our fourth quarter was a strong finish to a great year. Q4 revenues were better than expected, reflecting higher Invisalign ASPs and volume growth of 31% year-over-year. As well as another record quarter for iTero scanners with revenue up 55% year-over-year. Q4 sequential growth was driven by a strong quarter for EMEA with record growth for teens as well as continued traction with Invisalign Lite and iGo. Q4 operating margin of 22.6% reflects higher doctor training and manufacturing costs as well as higher legal fees than anticipated, partially offset by sequential improvement in Invisalign ASPs. For the quarter, we trained a record 5,270 new doctors in Q4, which includes about 3,000 international doctors, of which, half were in EMEA and half were in APAC.
For the year, we achieved record revenues of nearly $2 billion and had over 1.2 million people start treatment with Invisalign clear aligners for the first time, resulting in our 6 millionth Invisalign patient, a teenager from China. These results reflect record revenues and volumes for both Invisalign and iTero. Across customer channels and country markets and continued strength from teens, which grew 40%. The total number of teenagers treated with Invisalign this year was over 333,000, representing 27% of our volume. Finally, in 2018, we trained a record number of new Invisalign doctors, nearly 20,000 worldwide. And for the first time, more than half of them were international doctors.
Now let's turn to the specifics around our fourth quarter results starting with the Americas region.
For the Americas region, Q4 Invisalign case volume increased 21.7% year-over-year and was down sequentially off a record Q3 volumes, which benefited from strong uptake of promotions last quarter, predominantly by high-volume Invisalign doctors. On a sequential basis, Q4 reflects growth from the Americas GPs, offset by America's orthos, particularly high-volume doctors. Year-over-year growth for Q4 reflects continued adoption of Invisalign treatment from both orthodontist and GP channels, which were up 24.7% and 17.3%, respectively. We also saw good growth from our DSO partners across both GPs and orthos, up nearly 50% year-over-year.
For the full year, Invisalign volume for the Americas region was up 24.2% compared to 2017. Americas orthos were up 27.2% and Americas GP dentists were up 19.8%, the second highest annual growth rate for orthos and the highest annual growth rate for GPs in 6 years.
For Q4, we trained a record 2,290 new Invisalign doctors in the Americas region, of which, 1,725 were North American doctors and 565 were Latin American doctors. In total, we trained 7,885 new Invisalign doctors in the Americas in 2018, an increase of 19%.
For international business, Q4 was a great quarter with Invisalign case volume up 12.2% sequentially, driven by strong growth in the EMEA region, offset somewhat by seasonality in the Asia Pacific region. On a year-over-year basis, strong Invisalign volume growth of 45.3% reflects increased utilization and continued expansion of our customer base in both EMEA and the Asia Pacific region. In Q4, we trained nearly 3,000 new Invisalign doctors internationally with roughly 50% in EMEA and 50% in APAC.
In EMEA, Q4 was a strong quarter, up 42.7% year-over-year, driven by record Invisalign volumes in all country markets as well as strong growth in the teen segment, which is up 75.1% from the prior year, reflecting continued success of our Teen 360 program. For the full year, EMEA was up 38.6% led by Iberia, France and the U.K. as well as our key expansion markets led by Central and Eastern Europe. During 2018, we went direct in Turkey, Israel and Russia, adding to our expansion country markets.
For APAC, Q4 was down sequentially as expected due to seasonality -- seasonally slower period in the region, up 49.3% year-over-year with record Invisalign volume in almost every country market led by China, Japan, ANZ. Q4 results reflect continued strong growth from teenage patients as well as adults, with GP dentists up 77.1% year-over-year.
During Q4, we trained 1,530 new doctors in APAC, of which half were in China. We held several clinical education events across APAC designed to help increase doctor's confidence in adoption of Invisalign treatment, including how critical the iTero scanner is to practice growth.
For the year, Invisalign volume from the international doctors increased 45% led by growth from China and our core EMEA country markets. In total, international volumes represented 41% of worldwide Invisalign case shipments.
Despite our record results, we're still very clearly underpenetrated in APAC overall and specifically in China. As the second largest market for Align, China represents enormous growth potential, and our ability to expand and drive penetration across the region relies on our ability to be closer to doctors and their patients, communicate in local language and as much as possible, operate like a local company.
Late in Q4, we began fabricating Invisalign aligners in our new manufacturing facility in Ziyang, China, our first aligner fabrication facility outside of Juarez, Mexico. There's a temporary facility that will be replaced by our own building in 2020. Over the next year, we will continue to build our manufacturing abilities in Ziyang and ramp up production to serve the rapidly growing Chinese market. However, it would take a couple of quarters to fully transition aligner production from Juarez to Ziyang, and we would expect manufacturing overhead in Ziyang to be underutilized during this period.
Product and technology innovation continues to be a key growth driver across our regions. Over the past year, we launched several new Invisalign offerings for both comprehensive and noncomprehensive treatment to give doctors more tools and choices to treat a greater range of cases, from adults to teenagers and now even kids as young as 7 years old.
In mid-2018, we launched a new Invisalign Go product with a more user-friendly iTero digital chairside experience and greater flexibility to treat a wider range of mild to moderate cases such as crowded or gapped teeth that require teeth straightening prior to restorative treatments.
We also began offering Invisalign First, designed specifically to address a broad range of younger patients' malocclusions, including shorter clinical crowns, management of erupting dentition and predictable dental arch expansion. We're pleased with the initial uptake and customer feedback. In 2018, we shipped nearly 5,000 Invisalign First cases to over 1,300 doctors, primarily in North America, EMEA, Australia and New Zealand, and Japan.
And in October, we received FDA approval for Invisalign with mandibular advancement feature in the U.S., which is the only clear aligner product approved to simultaneously move teeth and the mandible in young patients. In Q4, we began shipping mandibular advancement in the U.S. Late in the quarter, we are seeing initial uptake along with continued ramp globally. To date, over 17,000 teenagers have used Invisalign treatment with mandibular advancement, led by China, Canada, France and Spain.
Overall for the teen market, in Q4, over 87,000 teenagers started treatment with Invisalign clear aligners, an increase of 37.3% year-over-year, driven by continued strong adoption across all major regions, driven by both the Americas and EMEA regions. For Q4, year-over-year Invisalign teen patient growth for North America orthos increased 23.7% and international doctors were up 63.7%. For the full year, total teen cases worldwide grew 40.3% to a total of 333,000 teenagers, or 27.1% of our total volume.
Our consumer marketing efforts are designed to build the category and drive demand for Invisalign treatment through a doctor's office. We invest over $100 million each year in consumer marketing and programs, including TV, digital, social media, PR, event marketing and more recently, our patient concierge and Invisalign Experience program. Our goals are to make the Invisalign brand a household name worldwide and to motivate consumers to seek Invisalign treatment through a doctor's office.
In Q4, we continue to see strong digital engagement with consumers and had nearly 4 million unique visitors on invisalign.com sites for a total of 17 million over the year. Other key metrics show increased activity and engagement with the Invisalign brand and are included in our fourth quarter slides.
The impact of the digital technology on our world and specifically in our industry is challenging our customers to evolve just about every aspect of their practice, especially how they engage with consumers and turn them into patients. What worked for doctors in the past from a marketing, conversion or workflow perspective will not work today. Consumers expect more and are demanding different types of digital-driven expenses. Many doctors don't know where and how to start. The work we are doing with our integrated consumer marketing platform, patient concierge service, and Invisalign Experience program has given us better insights and information that we're sharing with doctors to help them reshape their practices.
For example, the Invisalign Experience program is designed to reach consumers in a retail environment where they shop, play and dine and educate them on the benefits of Invisalign treatment and value of getting a better smile and connect them with an Invisalign doctor.
One of the ways we do this is through the Invisalign store, which is owned and operated by Align. Invisalign stores bring the brand directly to consumers in a contemporary, interactive digital environment. Consumers can browse, ask questions, learn about Invisalign treatment and technology, and the benefits of straightening their teeth. Visitors are offered a complimentary iTero intraoral 3D scan and a visual simulation of what their smile might look like after Invisalign treatment. Interested consumers are connected with a local Invisalign doctor's office of their choice to discuss potential treatment options. 
By the end of 2018, we finished with 12 locations in the United States, and these stores are helping us learn more than ever about reducing barriers to treatment for potential patients so that they are excited about getting a better smile with an Invisalign doctor. In addition to providing potential leads to participating Invisalign practices, we're also seeing a positive halo effect and increased growth rates for all of the Invisalign practices in the surrounding area, whether they participate in the store network or not.
Over the past year, more than 55,000 consumers visited Invisalign store and nearly 10,000 received a complementary scan. While we are still early in the development of our Invisalign stores and the overarching Invisalign Experience program, we're excited about its potential and the positive impact we can have on demand creation for Invisalign practices by engaging directly with consumers.
The Invisalign Experience program is just getting started and continues to evolve. In October, we announced that we're partnering with a few Invisalign doctors in selected U.S. cities to pilot new ways to reach consumers and connect them directly with doctors to start Invisalign treatment. These Invisalign Experience locations are owned and operated by doctors under a special license from Align and are intended to help doctors integrate consumer friendly design and consultation workflow into their practices and test new Invisalign Experience branding and explore a consumer focused approach to consultations and Invisalign treatments starts in a variety of settings, including in-office, retail and mobile. We'll continue to share our learnings as we get more of these pilots up and running.
Finally, I want to spend a few minutes talking about digital technology and the transformation in our industry from an old analog process to an end-to-end digital workflow. Align is helping doctors on their digital journey, which starts with an iTero scanner and ends with stronger practices and better smiles for their patients. As a leader in digital orthodontics, we are best positioned to help Invisalign-trained doctors find more efficient ways to drive digitalization in their practices and support those practices and to help them improve their productivity over time.
To that end, last year, we launched project [ PNO ] we now call -- we have renamed it ADAPT, Align digital and practice transformation, with several small orthodontic clinics across EMEA, APAC and North America with the objective to demonstrate that a fully digital practice can be productive, efficient and profitable.
Process involves detailed analysis of the current practice data and workflows performed by experts and continuous improvement in workflow. While it's still early, the initial results from the ADAPT study are incredibly promising. Based upon the study on practice development, we've come to the conclusion that the benefit fully from technology and to own the digital transformation of their practices, doctors need to organize their workflows and premises so that approximately 80% of their organization is built around this digital transformation with clear aligners. This means that doctors who commit to digital transformation had the potential to do more, see more patients and expand their practice or take more time off. Whatever their goals, with Invisalign plus iTero together, we can help them see the benefits they want from a fully end-to-end digital workflow.
For iTero scanner and services business, Q4 was a very strong quarter with better-than-expected revenues, which were up 13% sequentially and 54.8% year-over-year, driven by strength in all regions and customer channels. Record Q4 volumes reflect continued commercialization of the iTero 2 Element and Element Flex scanners, especially for restorative GP dentists in North America, the continued rollout of our major DSO partners and increased sales internationally, including Italy, Japan and China, where we began manufacturing the iTero Element this past year. For 2018, we had an outstanding year for iTero scanners with volumes up 77.2% year-over-year. Cumulatively, over 11.5 million orthodontic scans and 3.2 million restorative scans have started with iTero scanners. Use of the iTero scanners for Invisalign case submission continues to grow and remains a positive catalyst for Invisalign utilization.
For Q4, total Invisalign cases submitted with digital scanner in the Americas increased 72.6% from 65.3% in Q4 last year. International scans increased 57.5%, up 41.4% in the same quarter last year. What's really exciting to see is that within the Americas, 88.7% of cases submitted by North American orthos were submitted digitally. In China, it went from 0 to 45.9% in 1 year. This means that within 1 year or 2, nearly all Invisalign cases will be submitted digitally, primarily through an iTero scanner. We're very excited about the continued progress we've made with iTero business overall, and remain confident that will continue to help drive our overall growth and help increase adoption of Invisalign treatment.
With that, I'll now turn the call over to John.

Thanks, John, and thanks to those who joined our call today. Overall, 2018 was a great year for Align, and I'm very pleased with the strong performance for Invisalign and iTero across all key regions, customers channels and products. This year, not only do we celebrate our 21st year in business, we also achieved several major milestones, including our 6 millionth Invisalign patient and $2 billion in revenue for the first time. It took nearly 20 years to reach our first $1 billion in sales and only 2 years to reach our second billion dollars. 
We also delivered in our strategic growth drivers with new product and technology innovation, expansion of our manufacturing and treatment planning operations, and raising awareness of Invisalign treatment with consumers and engaging with them in more innovative ways than ever before. 
As I step back and look ahead to 2019 and beyond, I want to reinforce the importance of the investments we're making to drive growth globally. The underlying opportunity for doctors and their patients is expanding based on digital technology that Align has spent over 21 years developing. And while we have a huge amount of accumulated expertise and knowledge in digital technology and orthodontics, we have to ensure that we have the capabilities to further expand and regionalize our operations, extend our competitive lead and protect our business from companies willing to take shortcuts with respect to intellectual property. It is incumbent upon us to drive the transition to a fully digital workflow and continue to deliver new products and services that not only benefit Invisalign doctors but their patients and consumers alike.
Following our Ortho Summit in November, I met with hundreds of Invisalign doctors and their staff, I had the opportunity to travel to our regional kickoff meetings and connect with Align team members at every level of our organization to hear their detailed plans of their upcoming year. While I spent more of my time at the Americas kickoff because of my interim role as the Americas leader, I can say unequivocally that across the company, the excitement and level of engagement surrounding our business and market opportunity was palpable.
Overall, the demand profile globally is solid and nothing we see in the environment suggest otherwise. We're running the place we know and are confident we can bring greater efficiencies, economies of scale and know that adding sales, training to get closer to customers in local markets creates sustainable competitive advantage.
Finally, as most of you know, one of the key orthodontic journals in North America is the Journal of Clinical Orthodontics, and they often flip through it and ask why there aren't more clear aligners profiled. This week, I was caught off guard when I opened the December issue and found it dedicated entirely to clear aligner therapy. Bob Keim is the editor of the JCO and has been to many of our Invisalign Summits. In meetings with him and reading his editorials, I knew he supported Invisalign treatment and clear aligners in general, but it was never clear to me today extent he believed in clear aligner technology as we've seen in the most recent issue of the JCO, especially the editor's column, "The End of Braces?" If you haven't had a chance to read the JCO, you should. Bob could not take a stronger position for clear aligners. He acknowledges that he may take some flak for being so bold, but I believe his strong endorsement is a major breakthrough for Align and digital orthodontics. 
With that, I want to thank you, again for joining our call. I look forward to updating you on our progress as the year unfolds. We'll see many of you in Chicago Midwinter Meeting next month as well as industry and financial conferences throughout the year. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions. Operator?

Bob, that's a big question, but I'll make it simple, okay? We had an issue in the third quarter in the Americas with our Advantage Program that I think kicked off this ASP concern. As we said, we retracted that $300 that we offered on teens and also adults at that point in time. After that, basically, out ASPs are what they normally are, in the sense of mixes and matches across the spectrum of EMEA in different places. So I mean, that's the total -- you want to talk about we have an exchange hit this quarter also but again, I think we prepared you for that in the last quarter. So overall, the only change is we didn't have an advantage issue in the third quarter as in the fourth quarter.

Yes, John will jump in on this.

Yes, Elizabeth. It's Joe. Look, in Americas, we're still really underpenetrated in the marketplace, particularly on the GP segment, and so we decided we'd add 100 salespeople. We feel really good about that investment giving us good short-term returns. We've done this before almost in every cycle since I've been here. It's a play we know how to run, and we know the importance of it overall. So don't look at it as an anomaly. It's just a continuation of building out our sales force and taking advantages of some of the man out there. Elizabeth, I'll also tell you. It's a high touch thing. You have to touch doctors in this business to drive sales. It's really -- and it -- this doesn't happen on itself. It's -- there's a constant touch to it. So we're really aware of that. Often, our treatment is much different than what these doctors have done before. Our salespeople, we train them well clinically but also from a business standpoint so that they can talk about clinically how to use a product line but also from a business standpoint how you integrate it into the practice. So adding salespeople is really important.

Jon, look, I -- the America's growth this year, I know we had the blip in the third quarter overall, but 2018 is a good year for us. If you look at the last 6 years, this is actually the second highest growth profile we've had. America's growth is about 17% on an average over those 6 years. The orthos grew -- this is the only -- this is the second -- from a percentage standpoint, best year we've had from an ortho standpoint. What happened between the third and fourth quarter, again, we think it was a -- that I mentioned on my opening, was the uptake that we have at that Advantage Program in the third quarter. And that was repeated in the fourth quarter, and we think we have this quarter-over-quarter kind of discrepancy. GP is at an all-time high from a growth standpoint overall. And then obviously, from a Brazil standpoint, too, it's starting to become material in the sense of the size of that business, and we're looking for good contributions this year. So Jon, I hope I'm answering your question. But I'd say then if you look at the volume overall, you see how strong EMEA has been. The expansion of EMEA, in the areas like Turkey and Russia and in the Middle East, has been important to us. But also France is growing well. Spain has been strong. Italy came back. We saw it. We've had great success with Go in -- with the GPs out of the U.K. but also in Germany, too. So we really feel great about that region. And then APAC, again, we see strength. We've seen strength in China. We see strength in APAC overall. Japan's growth has been phenomenal. And then bleed that in with our iTero growth, too, that you see across the spectrum. Overall, we feel good about volume.

Steve, it's Joe. We -- obviously, we're seeing Ormco down in ANSI, and I think we saw recent announcement that they are going to kind of pace themselves as they go through 2019. I think you're seeing the same thing out of 3M, too. So honestly, we know you guys do surveys, and we read your surveys. We do our own or whatever. We know some of the docs out there trying these product lines. And we have access to some of the software that's going on out there and the product lines that they're representing or whatever. But I don't want to -- I don't diminish it. But as far as 2019 goes, we're not thinking about any major competitive issues that we're going to face in any of our key areas or key geographies right now. We think this will take some time for them to ramp. We've talked about this before. This business is not easy. You have to be able to hit on a lot of cylinders. You got to have a good sales force that touches the customers and can make that doctor feel really strong about the product line. Secondly, you have to have really good treatment planning and consistent treatment planning that can deliver. And third, you got to have an operation organization that can deliver these things in sequence and on time and on high quality. And putting those things together is difficult. And so 2019, we're not factoring in a huge amount of what we think is competitive pressure.

Yes. Erin, it's Joe. From a China standpoint, look, our demand there has been great. I think as I talked about in my opening, it's a really underpenetrated marketplace. And so -- and there's a lot of demand for our product lines. So our manufacturing investments we're making there, our treatment planning, all those things that make us a local company, we think will allow us to really penetrate that market at a higher rate. So look, I mean, we're not numb to the international scene right now, where people are concerned about China demand. We don't have anything to report right now that would say that we have a diminishing or a paranoia over China demand as we go into 2019. As far as competition over there, Erin, Angela Align is the most credible competitor that we have there. I would say that Angel has really focused on kind of Tier 3 cities in areas of China where we really focused on in the first 5 years or so of our logistics in China in Tier 1 or 2 cities, and moved into Tier 3. We don't feel that Angel is throttling our growth there at all. They are a fast follower. We see them in different areas that come after us. But we -- there's not a whole lot of head-to-head competition we feel right now, and I think that reflects not a whole lot about Angel being either good or bad. It just reflects the size of this marketplace and the investments you have to make in the sales force, how you really have to service that marketplace. There's a lot of work that you have to do. The channels just don't exist right now in the sense that you have to build those channels and really make them viable. So right now, we consider them a competitor and our largest competitor, I'd say, in the world, in the sense of a number of clear aligners that they supply. We don't look at them right now as slowing us down in China. And the Brazil surprise. I'd say that the surprises were always in Brazil. It's the Incredible uptake of our product line there. You saw the 1,300 doctors that we've trained there recently. They're so excited about the product line. It's -- we talked about Spain often in the sense of the uptick of our product in Spain and the growth there. We see the same kind of enthusiasm and the same kind of, what I would call, Latin enthusiasm for what our product can do and really bring to that area. So we look to make major investments there and increasing our sales force and our presence in the Brazilian area. We really feel good about Brazil from a standpoint of future growth of our product aligner.

Erin, there's no lack of creativity in our commercial forces as promotions go, so there's a lot of adult supervision that we have to supply as we do those things. And what -- you can look at our [ Adapt ] program as a good one. That's a program where we're trying to take doctors to 80% Invisalign and really demonstrate, as I mentioned in my opening, is that when you get to a digital practice, when you get to 80%, first of all, no one goes back, no one goes back to wires and brackets. You really set a precedent that you have control over your practice. You don't have 30% of your cases resulting in emergencies. Doctors aren't spending 45 minutes a day with patients. It's just a much -- but you have to get to 80% to make that work. We'll continue to put money into that. That's not like a promotional program that we would offer at a lower price. That's just a program we work with docs that really want to get there. There's always promotional programs that we do that we offer aligners to staff at orthos that are starting up with us or also with GPs or whatever so that they can understand the product and have that experience and be able to communicate that well to patients. They come into the practice. Those are ongoing promotions that we do in all 3 geographies, too. We do have seasonal promotions at times in different countries at different areas. But I'd say that we have a -- this is outside of the third quarter issue obviously we reported on kind of ad nauseam over the last 6 months. We have a good handle right now on what promotions that we'll offer throughout the year.

Ravi, Joe again. From a standpoint of Americas and orthodontics standpoint, again, I'll tell you we had our second best year in history following from the standpoint of overall orthodontic growth. When you talk about SDC, my feeling on SDC is they don't really take orthodontic cases. Remember, the normal orthodontist in the United States is 75% to 80% teen. You won't see many teens being done by SDC, and so those cases would primarily come out of GPs. Adults, kind of simple cases that are going on. As I mentioned, we had our highest GP sales rate ever in North America in 2018. So neither of those dimensions do I think that we or experience competition enthralling the business in some way whether it will affect us in 2019. As far as the Invisalign stores and the scan ratios, all those things, look, we just -- we're still working through this as well. We haven't released that information from an overall standpoint yet, and at some point in time when we think we're ready and we really have that ironed out. And I'd say that, Ravi, not that we're hiding anything. It's just we found that when you look at CCAs, we call it clear order in this business, this can take anywhere from 4 to 6 months to 7 months to really iron itself out. We see patients going and get scanned. And then there's a huge halo effect because when we do this local advertising, it benefits not just the doctors in the program but also in a broader sense, any doctor that's within that 10-mile or 15-mile range. So when we're really -- when we're ready to report this, we'll report it in a broad sense to that halo effect, the whole, what you talked about, the conversion rate and also what that means from a timing standpoint, okay?

John, that's a good question. There's 3 key parameters, right, is first of all, there's extended payment terms that you have to deal with. Because when you go with a clear aligner product versus wires and brackets, their cost overall are about 4x from a variable cost standpoint of which you'd have with wires and brackets. So you just have to get ready for that cash play and try in some way to extend those kinds of payments. Secondly, you have to look at their workflows. Because when you really go to a full digital practice, it changes completely really. We find out in our [ Adapt ] program that you need fewer chairs but you'd need more consultation rooms to put people in, to show them simulations, to talk them through what it would be. With no emergency cases, it completely redefines in the sense of how a day goes in a doctor's office. It's not 30% of the time are people scrambling around trying to find someone that can fix something to occur with wires and brackets in some way. And then third is a demand component, is you're going to have to drive more demand within that practice, which Invisalign does. And so obviously, with $100 million spend that we do a year in attracting patients and moving them into doctors, how we pipe those patients into doctors, how they prepare themselves for both teens and adults to do that. So it's on those 3 dimensions. And John, specifically on the [ Adapt ] program, we're just going through that program right now and how we'll offer that to customers and whether it will cost to actually do that to customers at that point. And after we've done probably 5 to 8 of these and have them complete, we'll have a better story in the sense of -- a more complete story in the sense of here is how we'll do it, what those costs will be. But don't look at those as being overly broad. Remember, we have iPro today that we basically use to take customers through clinical kind of episodes. So we have our concierge service that grabs patients to move them through doctors, too. So the big components of operations that you need to work around the [ Adapt ], we have those in place. We just have to modify them more to this 80% or digital treatment play.

Steve, it's Joe. I think first of all, I'd say we play offense in this business. So even though we talk about restructuring or if we talk about adding salespeople, when we talk about defending our IP, all of those things are, to me, setting a foundation for future growth in the business. When you sit back and you look at this business, we're incredibly underpenetrated based on consumer preference for clear aligners to move teeth and also the size of the market that digital opens up even beyond, the 12 million orthodontic case starts that we talk about globally. So please don't call 2019 a throwaway year. Hopefully, the earnings and the growth that we're projecting here are substantial. And we haven't even mentioned the law of large number on you guys over the last 3 years, right? Because we continue to build these huge percentages over top incredibly larger numbers than what we had previously. So I look at this as -- don't -- look at is as these are aggressive investments in a young business to lay a foundation to allow us to be better in the future. And that's -- we have to take these.

I mean, we -- like I mentioned before, Richard, this is -- the growth that we saw throughout 2018 was really strong in China. I mean, obviously, we're making these investments in China. It's a commitment. They are the second largest country in the world right now. The underpenetration, the opportunity there is huge. Look, I mean, we're up with global events. We see the issues going on with China and United States. And hopefully, they'll come to a trade deal sooner or later. I look at that investment. When I talked about manufacturing there, it is moving closer and having a Chinese business and being able to operate in that country with a lot of fluidity. But it also makes me feel good that we have a good insurance policy in the sense of the trade dynamics between the 2 countries, too. So right now, again, we haven't seen what other companies are reporting. I think the penetration piece we're talking about is probably maybe the variable of difference between the 2. We're not saying that we're recession-proof ever. I think that's a ridiculous position to take. But what we've seen right now in the growth rates and what we've been experiencing, right now, we're looking for a good 2019 in China.

I'll take the high level of it. John, take the specific level. But remember, MAF was just approved in November of 2018. As you can see, we have -- I expect our normal uptick in the United States, which is -- what those will do, 2 or 3 cases and get used to it. It's a phenomenal product. It really is. To think you straighten your teeth. It can move your mandible forward in that sense and build bone. It's just -- it's incredible. But when it's something that big and that revolutionary, doctors -- orthos are conservative anyway. And obviously, they're going to take their time in the sense of proving it. Now [indiscernible] MAF has been outside the United States for a while, too. So we have, I think, 17,000 cases we talked about that we've gone through it. What's really interesting, too, is we have several updates from [ Jelco ] and the engineering team on MAF also. When teeth are shorter, how you arrange your aligners to make it work, making sure the wings are a lot stronger than before. So this is approved in the United States. We think we've significantly improved the product over the last 12 months, too. Now we find, too, is just the great halo effect around MAF and Teen. If you start to do more MAF, you do more Teen. And so we're looking forward to that. But again, it's new days in the United States, and we'll give you updates as we go through the year.