Thanks, Shirley. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll provide some highlights from the second quarter then briefly discuss the performance of our 2 operating segments, System and Services and Clear Aligners. John will provide more detail on our financial results and discuss our outlook. Following that, I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open the call to questions. 
I'm pleased to report our first $1 billion revenue quarter with record volumes reflecting continued momentum from both Clear Aligners and Systems and Services. For Q2, Systems and Services revenues reflect strong growth across all regions and the strategic value of the iTero business with continued adoption of the iTero Element 5D Plus Series of next-generation scanners and imaging systems, which launched in February. Increasingly, doctors are seeing the strategic impact and value of iTero scanners in their practices. In addition to its role in Invisalign case submissions, it's true -- it's a true workhorse and digital enabler in every type of practice and across every type of orthodontic and restorative workflow. 
Q2 sequential Clear Aligner volumes were primarily driven by strength in both adult and teen market segments and across customer channels and regions, especially from the Americas and EMEA regions, reflecting the expanding opportunity for Invisalign treatment among adults globally as well as the underlying orthodontic market as we continue to build awareness of the Invisalign brand and drive utilization among teens and younger patients. 
For Q2 '21, Invisalign clear aligner volumes for teens were up 9.5% sequentially, 156% year-over-year to 181,000 teens, representing 1/3 of total cases shipped, with strong growth from North America and EMEA orthodontists. During the quarter, we hosted several teen-focused peer-to-peer events designed to build clinical confidence in teen treatment and highlight the teen digital treatment journey with Invisalign treatment. The recent APAC virtual symposium featured leading providers focusing on clinical excellence with teen treatment, and North America hosted the Invisalign Teen Forum: Virtual Edition for Invisalign doctors, bringing together clinical speakers, digital industry experts and teen patient panelists to share their insights. In May, Align focused on the Align Digital Platform at the 2021 AAO annual session, featuring a dynamic virtual lineup of Invisalign doctors describing how they have grown their practices through adoption of digital technology. 
Our Q2 results also reflect the positive impact of our investments in consumer marketing, generating billions of impressions and 33% year-over-year increase in leads for Invisalign doctors. During the quarter, we launched the next phase of our Mom/Teen multitouch campaign as well as the new "Invis is a powerful thing" campaign designed to engage teens and young adults. We also deepened our partnership with influencers like Charli D’Amelio, with the first limited-edition aligner case as part of our new e-commerce initiative featuring custom cases, cleaning and oral care products as well as accessories like Invisalign Stickables, all of which are available on invisalign.com. These and other consumer initiatives are important in supporting doctors' practices, especially through the busy summer teen season and beyond. They also build out our investments in digital technology and innovation that are the foundation of the Align Digital Platform, including integrated digital workflows and virtual tools designed to improve clinical confidence, treatment, efficiency and patient outcomes. 
A year ago, we released Invisalign Virtual Appointment and Invisalign Virtual Care tools within our My Invisalign app in response to the global pandemic to enable Invisalign doctors to provide continuity of care for their patients. Today, Invisalign Virtual Care is available globally in 60 markets, and the My Invisalign app has been downloaded 1 million times with Invisalign patients worldwide. It was recently recognized as the Best Virtual Care Platform by the MedTech Breakthrough Awards program and as a Digital Innovation of the Year by Healthcare Asia Medtech Awards. As part of the Invisalign Virtual Care, patients use My Invisalign app to stay engaged with their treatment and convey progress photos to their doctor, fostering 2-way communications with a doctor through their Invisalign treatment journey. 
Now let's turn to the specifics around our second quarter results, starting with the Americas. For the Americas region, Q2 was another strong quarter, with Invisalign case volumes up 11% sequentially and 261% year-over-year, reflecting growth across the region, especially in the United States and Canada, from both comprehensive and non-comprehensive products, and increased Invisalign utilization from orthodontic and GP channels. DSO utilization continues to be a strong growth driver as well, led by Heartland and Smile Docs. 
For international business, Q2 Invisalign case volume was up sequentially 12.7% on a year-over-year basis. International shipments were up 149%. 
For EMEA, Q2 volumes were up sequentially, 17% and 265% year-over-year, with broad-based growth across all markets, led by Iberia, U.K. and Italy, along with continued growth in our expansion markets. In Q2, growth in both channels was strong, with orthodontic channel growth reflecting increased Invisalign utilization and GP channel growth driven by increased Invisalign submitters. For Q2, EMEA growth also reflects adoption of the Invisalign First product, designed to treat a broad range of teeth-straightening issues in growing children from simple to complex, including crowding, spacing and narrow dental arches. Aiding in treatment engagement for those younger patients, Invisalign Stickables are innovative accessories designed exclusively for use with a patented SmartTrack material in Invisalign clear systems. Available in an array of designs, colors, shapes and themes, Invisalign Stickables are a fun way for patients to show their personal style during Invisalign treatment. During the quarter, we also hosted a successful virtual edition of GP Growth Summit attended by over 1,200 doctors from the EMEA region. 
For APAC, Q2 volumes were up sequentially 4.8% and 50% on a year-over-year basis, reflecting growth across the region, led by Japan, China and ANZ despite new and extended COVID restrictions in several APAC markets. APAC performance reflects strength in GP channel with increased Invisalign submitters, especially in Japan which continues to deliver strong growth. During the quarter, we hosted our China Forum attended by over 1,500 doctors from private clinics, our APAC Virtual Symposium attended by 1,400 doctors, as well as the China Public Hospital Forum in June. 
Our consumer marketing is focused on educating consumers about the Invisalign system and driving that demand for Invisalign doctor's offices, ultimately capitalizing on the massive market opportunity to transform 500 million smiles. We have provided many of our key metrics that show increased activity engagement with the Invisalign brand in our Q2 quarterly presentation slides available on aligntech.com. 
In Q2, we launched the next generation of "Invis is" multitouch campaign, driving reach and awareness with adult mom and teen consumers, yielding more than 200% growth in visitors globally to our websites and more than 82% increase in searches for an Invisalign-trained doctor. Leading with the "Invis is not your parents' braces" campaign, we connected with teens, utilizing digital media such as YouTube, Twitch and social media. We also continued with our Invisalign ChangeMakers program that celebrated and recognized teens driving change in their communities, which was covered by multiple media outlets such as Elite Daily, Refinery29, Yahoo! Unwind, Hollywood Life, SheKnows, J-14, Yahoo Finance, Parents.com, Glamour and NewBeauty, and generated more than 600 million impressions. 
In EMEA region, our new marketing campaign to drive engagement, "Invis is a powerful thing," went live in the U.K., Germany and France during the quarter, resulting in more than 170% year-over-year increase in unique visitors and 136% year-over-year increase in doctor locator searches. We will continue to roll out the campaign to additional markets in the region during the third quarter. We continued to expand our consumer advertising in the APAC region in Australia, Japan and China and saw more than an 800% increase in consumer engagement and 55% year-over-year increase in leads. 
Lastly, we continue to build strong relationship with global search and social media giants like Google, Snapchat and TikTok in order to further leverage our best-in-class consumer demand programs more effective globally. These partners recognize the power of the Invisalign brand and are helping us to amplify and gain efficiencies from our investments. 
For our Systems and Services business, Q2 revenues were up 20% sequentially and up 214% year-over-year, reflecting strong scanner shipments and services. This represents the fourth consecutive quarter of sequential revenue growth. 
The iTero Element 5D Plus imaging system continues to gain traction across all regions, with strong adoption with new customers in the APAC and EMEA regions and with existing customers in the Americas region. In APAC, the iTero Element 2 intraoral scanner did well during the quarter, helping to transform digital workflows and chairside consults for doctors. During the quarter, we announced a new iTero Workflow 2.0 software and previewed auto-upload functionality in the iTero Element 5D imaging system. The iTero Workflow 2.0 software's advanced features include faster scanning, improved visualization and enhanced patient communication tools, were rolled out regionally in all markets where the iTero Element Plus imaging systems are sold. The iTero Element 5D imaging system auto-upload feature will eliminate steps and streamline Invisalign case submissions, with intraoral color scan images that can be used in place of traditional intraoral photos. The auto-upload functionality is scheduled for release during the third quarter of 2021. 
There's great symmetry between Systems and Services business with Clear Aligner business reflected in the positive correlation between the deployment of scanners and the increased utilization of Invisalign clear aligners. In terms of digital scans used for Invisalign case submissions, total digital scans in Q2 increased to 82.2% from 78.5% in Q2 last year. International scans increased to 76.2%, up from 72% in the same quarter last year. For the Americas, 86.6% of cases were submitted digitally compared to 86% a year ago. Cumulatively, over 40.1 million orthodontic scans and 8.4 million restorative scans have been performed with iTero scanners. I'm also pleased to share that Align received regulatory approval for the iTero 5D Plus Series in Japan on July 1, with a formal launch event planned for August. 
Turning to exocad. During the quarter, exocad launched the Creator Center, the new exocad one-stop shop for online and in-person educational events, with a database consisting of 35 educational webinars showcasing the highlights and add-on features of exocad's software solutions, DentalCAD Galway 3.0, exoplan 3.0 Galway. More than 2,500 users and distributors have been trained on the new software releases worldwide. 
exocad has also expanded their market coverage with a new global OEM partner, Ivoclar Vivadent, or we call IV, one of the largest manufacturers in the dental industry. This strategic collaboration will give exocad access to thousands of new IV users worldwide, will also provide exocad users with access to production processes with removable prosthetics in the future. 
Earlier this month, exocad has released PartialCAD 3.0 Galway, its module for removable partial dental frameworks, which has new and advanced features for the design of high-quality partial dentures. This new release enhances digital CAD/CAM possibilities for exocad users and dental technicians by providing simpler design solutions for complex cases. PartialCAD 3.0 Galway provide both experts and new users with smooth, improved integration with DentalCAD, exocad's leading software for dental laboratories. 
Bringing the iTero and exocad businesses together makes us more viable within the GP segment and more relevant in day-to-day comprehensive dentistry for our customers. The combination of Invisalign clear aligners and iTero scanners have long provided a seamless workflow for orthodontic treatment. The integration of exocad's expertise in restorative dentistry and implantology, guided surgery and smile design takes the Align technical portfolio beyond our established footprint in orthodontics to ortho-restorative and restorative treatment and paves the way for new, cross-disciplinary workflows that span from visualization and treatment planning to lab production to chairside. exocad also broadens Align's platform reach in digital dentistry with over 200 partners and more than 40,000 licenses installed worldwide. 
With that, I'll now turn the call over to John.

Thanks, John. Q2 was a terrific quarter and we're very pleased with the improvements we've seen in recovery in doctor practices. We truly value their increasing adoption of digital treatment approaches. Their confidence in the unique Align Digital Platform that spans from iTero to the world's most sophisticated treatment planning, the world's largest 3D printing business on the globe to a patient app worth -- with over -- with 1 million consumers along with the world's most recognized orthodontic brand has driven strong performance across the business. 
Our performance over the last year confirms the incredible size of our target market and demonstrates that our strategy and investments in recent years have helped further solidify our competitive position. We have numerous growth drivers in a vastly underpenetrated market. And while we continue to see some lasting impact and continued uncertainty due to COVID, we remain confident in both the enormous opportunity we have to lead the evolution of digital orthodontics and comprehensive dentistry with our doctor customers and in our ability to execute our strategy to increase adoption of Invisalign treatment globally. 
We're also confident in and excited about the benefits of digital treatment that more and more doctors are experiencing by transforming their practices with Invisalign digital orthodontics and iTero scanners for chairside treatment, planning and visualization. In fact, Invisalign treatment requires, on an average, 30% fewer doctor visits than fixed appliances, creating efficiency gains for the doctors and a better patient experience. And 85% of orthodontists surveyed agreed that adopting the Align Digital Platform have made a huge difference in their practices. It provides ways to improve their efficiency and productivity. 
I look forward to updating you at the GP Summit and Investor Day in October in Las Vegas and sharing more examples of how Align is helping doctors transform their practices and their approach to treatment. 
Now I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions. Operator?

Nathan, look, I think you cited really well what we're seeing right now, what we're experiencing overall. And we are calling strong growth for the second half of this year. But look, our revenue guidance is for the long term -- for the business is 20% to 30%, and we continue to work within those boundaries. So we're not prepared to change that at the moment. John, any thoughts on your...

Jon, I consider everything we do has more than a single variable to it, and that's the platform that we work with, which you know as well as anybody. But I'd say, yes, scanners serve that very well. Our increased advertising helps to drive that, too. It brings more patients to the GPs. And thirdly, new products like what we're working, iGO and different derivatives of that product line that are very efficient for GPs to use, and it gives them a huge amount of confidence in our product line when they use it, Jon. So it's a combination of our brand. It's a combination of a digital platform with iTero. It's a combination of product piece. 
And then we don't talk about it a lot, but we split our sales force years ago. And we have a specific focused sales force on GPs. And being a GP speak a different language, Jon. It's different than orthodontists altogether. And that team has been incredibly effective in being able to work with doctors, how they can integrate Invisalign into their workflow and, from a restorative standpoint, how you use this proactively. So we're -- I'm confident. That's a great market for us. We know that 500 million patients we talk about globally sits broadly in that segment and -- but you need a different kind of a product approach, a different sales approach and a strong platform geared to those guys to keep that going. And we feel good about that.

Well, I think Jason, in what we see with adults, and we see this really all over the globe, is we obviously had a big uptake from an adult standpoint. But you can see our teen numbers up pretty substantially, too, at the same time. So it's a good balance. The previous question that Jon asked, too, with GPs, it comes in -- broadly in adult segment, in that segment also. And my explanation in the sense of why we've been effective in that segment, we think we can continue to be -- helps to contribute to that. 
Now when we talk about third quarter and seasonality or John talking about whatever, a lot of that is around adult patients and vacations and different things, too, and it affects different parts of the organization, but -- and how we go to market. But in general, we just feel good about the direction of the business, the signal and words that we're getting from our doctors and what they're explaining they're seeing out there. And that's all incorporated into what we've been forecasting for you.
The one thing to never forget about, too, Jason is the size of this marketplace. We talk about 500 million patients, and I know you hear from a lot of other companies in different industries about oversized sims and whatever. This is true. If anything's sort of shown -- like I mentioned in my closing comments that this market is as big as we talked about being as what you've seen from this business over the last year and in the adult segment of that part, too, which is a big part of that 500 million patients that we talked about.

Yes, no statistics for it. Brazil continues to be strong. I think you know it's a big aesthetic market. It's one of the biggest aesthetics markets in the world. It parallels Iberia in a lot of ways as we -- how we have to go in there and move. We're primarily in the orthodontic segment there, not in the GP segment right now and how we have done it. And it's a different market that way because orthos play in a much more broader sense in that country than what we do here. But we have a very experienced team there. We funded it well. I feel good about our position from a product standpoint and iTero scanners. And it's a big market for us. And don't just think about Brazil, too. Latin America, in general, it's been a big expanding market for us. So Brazil leads because of the size of population and aesthetics we talked about. But overall, our Lat Am market is extremely strong, and we're well positioned there. John, any thoughts on that?

All right.

Yes.

Jeff, it's just -- it's based on our experience with the season. I think you know. You've been following our business long enough. Third quarter is a real transition quarter, from a vacation standpoint, teens coming in here, European vacations, which are really big. And our comments is just reflecting what we're hearing from our customer base, our doctor bases not just in the United States but all over the world, and we're just trying to share that with you. But at the same time, the guidance that we've taken up, you have to remember we're at the upper end of our growth modeling for the second half. And when you think about it, we had 2 real strong quarters last year, Jeff, third and fourth quarter. So it shows a lot of confidence in what we see and what we feel.

Elizabeth, this is Joe. When you're thinking about -- we're talking about 200% growth rates, right? And now here, we're talking about growth rates on the upper end of what our revenue models -- we've given to you guys. So it requires capacity and that kind of investment and -- it's a good question. But like John said, we hit it hard this year, built some more capacity, and this will lay in over time.

Yes. Liza, it's a good question, right? When you think about -- we talk about the GP segment. We talk about ortho-restorative. And I think most people, if you study this -- that exocad is one of the few companies out there that actually offers a digital type of restorative platform for dentists all around the world. Our vision for our business is we become a big part of restorative in saving enamel and moving teeth. Before you actually do implants, you need to do different things. And that's what -- that, we think, is the revolution of orthodontics because that wasn't a tool that was really used before. And so exocad and iTero plug in really well behind that. 
Never forget that our strategy is always about selling more Invisalign. That's what exocad is about. That's what iTero is about, too. But they also have to have credibility as units in those segments. And that's when we talk about what we're doing with exocad and iTero. We're expanding that technology but always with the thought of how we can be more effective in ortho-restorative. John actually runs the business so I'll let him [ talk about that ].

Yes. Liza, it's Joe again. I think -- I wouldn't call it a hindrance right now. They have to pay more to find these people. There is concern out there in the sense of how much people have to pay to bring them in, but we haven't had that as an excuse of doctors saying, "I can't do more cases because I can't find staff." It's just harder to spend more time doing it.

It's Joe. Look, this is not a tipping point, as you referred to it. This is -- it's been a ground war actually. And that ground war has basically started with product liability. And obviously, with Invisalign First and mandibular advancement and some of our other innovations that we've had, we've really opened up that segment and made it available to us, too. Now the work is primarily with orthodontists to make them confident that they can service these teens, not just clinically, but from a business standpoint also. That's why our programs like ADAPT and different things, we put it in place. 
And remember, if -- the war here is not against other clear aligner companies. It's about braces and fixed appliances. And that's what we really have to break through and get done. And honestly, orthodontists just have to be comfortable not clinically but also from a business standpoint. And I feel like we're making progress in educating teens and educating moms but on the other hand, educating orthodontists to how they can properly do this clinically and also be efficient in their practices in doing it. And that's the ground war part. I feel we're well positioned. And obviously, our numbers say we're making progress. But there is -- we're not declaring victory here at all.

Yes. And one of the things that John knows better than me on this one, Michael, is when we ramped up China, remember, we started with a rental, temporary facility that was not even close to scale, and it just pounded our cost. But we just wanted to get in place, get the workflow done. We built a building next to where that area was then transitioned into it. So that was a pretty big bump that we took there. We're not anticipating, John, like the same.

Ravi, on your first question on the new polymer, remember, we do multilayer materials. So it's various polymers that you put together, and we're balancing the equation between elasticity and overall rigidity or tensile strength. And it's like our other competitors are starting to figure that piece out and see pieces of it. We have strong patents around SmartTrack and obviously improvement over time. It's a real important part about not just having the right materials but having the right kind of system in place, and that's a treatment planning part that we talked about, 25 years of understanding how to really activate those aligners and make that plastic actually work through those algorithms. And we don't use the displacement methodology, which is basically building wire that kind of leads things. It actually engages with these things in a different way. 
So I expect more companies to come out and work different polymers or whatever. We have a huge amount of experience to that, but don't forget about the entire system, the algorithms, how it works together and how it works with attachments, the exactness of those attachments, where you put those attachments, how they're shaped. There's a lot going on there. We feel good about our position, and we'll continue to innovate in that space across all those spectrums. But there's nothing in the competitive marketplace that we are concerned with that would change the trajectory of where we're investing right now. 
From a China competitive standpoint, obviously, Angelalign IPO, we watch that closely. And it gives some clarity to everybody in that marketplace as they IPO-ed and what's going on. And I think you see they're strong in Tier 3 cities. They're strong with public hospitals in different areas and -- but look, we -- I feel good about our position in China. Our manufacturing is strong. Our training centers there are strong. Our treatment planning is strong. It's close to accounts. We had good growth in the quarter overall, good sequential growth, good year-on-year growth. I like our position there. John, anything?