Thank you, Angie, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We are extremely pleased with our outstanding financial results for both the fourth quarter and the full fiscal year. 
For the year, we continued to strengthen our leadership position in "the New", Digital, Cloud and Security services. We gained significant market share, growing about 3x the market with strong growth in nearly all of our largest markets once again. And we returned very substantial cash to our shareholders.
Here are a few highlights for the year. We delivered record new bookings of $42.8 billion. We're generating revenues of $39.6 billion, another record and up 10.5% in local currency. I am especially pleased with our balanced growth once again across the dimensions of our business. 
We delivered record earnings per share of $6.74 on an adjusted basis, a 14% increase. Operating margin was 14.8%, consistent with last year on an adjusted basis. We're generating outstanding free cash flow of $5.4 billion. We returned $4.3 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. And we just announced a semiannual cash dividend of $1.46 per share, a 10% increase over our prior dividend.
So we delivered an excellent year in fiscal year '18. And I feel very good about our business, the durability of our performance and the strong momentum we have as we enter the new fiscal year. 
Now let me hand over to David, who will review the numbers in greater detail. David, over to you.

Thank you, David. Our outstanding results for fiscal year '18 demonstrate that we continue to execute our profitable growth strategy of differentiation and competitiveness extremely well. Our very strong revenues and new bookings reflect excellent demand for our services. We are clearly leading in "the New" in the marketplace. And we have gained significant market share over the last few years, demonstrating that our services and capabilities are highly relevant to our clients' agenda. 
Over the last 5 fiscal years, we have delivered compound annual revenue growth of 9% in local currency and 10% compound growth in adjusted earnings per share. And I'm especially pleased that over the same period, we have delivered a compound annual total return to shareholders of 21%, significantly above the 15% annual total return for the S&P 500. Our strong and durable performance reflect the relevant investments we have made ahead of the curve to differentiate our offerings and enhance our competitiveness as well as the rigor and discipline we bring to managing the business.
Our rapid rotation to "the New," Digital, Cloud and Security-related services, has contributed significantly to our performance. In fiscal year '18, "the New" accounted for about $23 billion or approximately 60% of total revenues, more than double the revenues just 3 years ago. In Digital, I am especially pleased with the success we have had in growing Accenture Interactive. Today, we are the market leader operating at scale for many of the world's leading brands. We're working with Radisson Hotel Group as their global experience agency to improve customer acquisition and retention for more than 1,000 hotels in 80 countries. Accenture Interactive is leveraging our travel industry expertise, data analytics and digital marketing capabilities to create more personalized customer experiences. 
While "the New" has truly become core to our business, as you would expect, we continue to invest and innovate to capture new ways of growth. And indeed, we are making excellent progress with Accenture Industry X.0, which we launched recently, where we are helping clients reinvent manufacturing with advanced technologies like the Internet of Things, connected devices and digital platforms. 
With ABB, the Swiss industrial manufacturer, we developed an IoT solution to connect data from smart sensors embedded in its electric models to customers. With a new mobile app, portal and sensor platform, ABB can now apply more advanced analytics that deepen its knowledge about motor performance, competitor assets and customer needs. We continue to invest in our Industry X.0 capabilities and completed 3 acquisitions in the first quarter: Pillar Technology, a software firm in Columbus, Ohio; Mindtribe, a hardware engineering company in San Francisco; and designaffairs, a design firm in Germany. 
At the same time, we continue to leverage our unique role in the technology ecosystem as the leading partner of key platform players, including SAP, Microsoft, Oracle and Salesforce, which are also rotating rapidly to "the New." They have evolved to a new generation of cloud-enabled platforms with advanced analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities. We are working with a broad range of clients across industries around the world to transform their businesses using SAP S/4HANA solution: from Lion, Australia's largest brewer; to Celsia, the Latin American utility; to Barilla, the Italian food company. 
Turning now to the geographic dimension of our business. I'm just very pleased that we delivered another year of very strong, broad-based growth in most of our largest markets. Starting with North America, I'm delighted with the acceleration in our business with revenue growth of 9% in local currency for the year, driven primarily by the United States. In Europe, we continue to drive high single-digit growth. We delivered 9% growth in local currency for the year, led by double-digit growth in Germany, Italy, France and Ireland, as well as high single-digit growth in Spain. And finally, our Growth Markets are becoming an increasingly significant contributor to our performance with 16% growth in local currency, led once again by very strong double-digit growth in Japan as well as double-digit growth in Australia, Brazil and Singapore.
Before I turn it back to David, I want to share a few thoughts on our talent strategy to continue leading in "the New", which clearly sets us apart in the marketplace. Our people intimacy makes the difference in delivering high-quality services to our clients. And as we transform Accenture, we are making substantial investments to ensure that we have the most relevant and specialized skills at scale to meet our clients' needs. And we are particularly focused on attracting and developing the best possible team of leaders in our industry. 
And I'm extremely pleased that in fiscal year '18, we promoted about 700 new managing directors and hired nearly 300 from outside Accenture, adding very significant industry expertise and specialization. At Accenture, we continue to believe that diversity is a critical source of competitive advantage. I'm especially proud that just this month, we were named the top company, #1, on the Thomson Reuters Diversity and Inclusion Index, which recognizes the 100 most diverse and inclusive companies in the world. And finally, I want to thank our 459,000 people for their unique passion and energy, which makes all the difference for Accenture and more importantly for our client. 
With that, I will turn it over to David to provide our business outlook for fiscal year '19. Over to you, David.

Yes, on attrition, so let me directly answer your question. Are we concerned with the 17%? Not at all. Let's be clear. I think we are -- today, we believe it's a realistic level of attrition, given the level of competition for talent in the marketplace. We have today 0 issues to hire the talent we need. And it's true everywhere across the world. And so we are -- and from what it is we do to be attractive, I mean, first, our strategy, I mean, the rotation to "the New," the fact that we are leading in all these new waves of interactive, manufacturing, Internet, artificial intelligence, advanced analytics, cloud, blockchain. And I can mention -- and it is creating a very attractive place to be. Second is our performance. We are the leader in the industry. And of course, it's attractive for talent. I was just reading this morning, it's fresh from France, I'm in Paris, we are #1 in all the dimensions in professional services, from an industry standpoint, from a technology standpoint and across the board. So we have 0 issue being attractive. And finally, it's our talent strategy and the environment we're providing to our people. I think we worked a lot to create the right workplace. We have people collaborating. We are creating the right environment to have multiple cultures coming together and developing a lot of creative thinking. And it's our tone and style we are developing at Accenture, and it's probably the benefit of being the leader.

Yes. On this -- I'm jumping on this one, David. I mean, for us, platforms are extremely important to the success of Accenture. I think this is very clear. What we're calling now the intelligent platforms, because the platform provided by our partners, SAP, Microsoft, Oracle, Workday, Salesforce, but I could add Dassault Systèmes and others are becoming more and more intelligent. And our strategy has always been the same. We leverage the best platform in the marketplace. And this is important, on top of them, we build industry specifications. So for instance, when we're working with an SAP, we have developed a very specific add-on, on their platform in upstream oil and gas. The same in utility, we're working with Salesforce.com on a joint company called Vlocity. And the objective of Vlocity is at speed, develop industry-specific solutions on top of the Salesforce capabilities. So this is our strategy, and it's working so far very well.

Thank you.

Yes, sure. So very pleased to comment on the Financial Services. If I had to summarize the situation, it's mainly Europe where we are facing this challenge of lower growth. And it's mainly due to some large program we had in Europe winding down in the context of '18, so something which is not untypical. By the way, it has happened in other industries these last few years. I remember CMT in Europe just 2 years ago. We had the same phenomenon of some large program getting to a close. And so what it is you need to do and our people are working very hard, you need to replenish the pipeline to build the backlog. And that's going to create the revenues of tomorrow. So our people are working on it. We have encouraging signals that indeed the pipeline in Financial Services in Europe is building up. We certainly believe that it's going to take a couple of quarters to show in our growth. So we expect H1 to still be in the low single digits and then H2 to get back more par with the rest of Accenture. So I do not see anything untypical coming from anything happening to this industry.

Yes, I'm going to take on this one because I think David mentioned already some element of this. From an Accenture standpoint, we're pleased with where we are. And no doubt, we're entering Q1 with good momentum. Now for us, Q1 is the end of the calendar '18. So we're moving to a new calendar, January 1. And so to be very specific, it's not something we see now. But the role of the leadership of any company is to look beyond the horizon and to understand what might happen in calendar '19. And just to build on what David mentioned, for instance, I mean, the Brexit negotiation is going to get to an end. And we all know what's going to happen. And it seems we're more moving to something like a hard Brexit than a soft one, what we're calling the trade war, again not a signal as we speak to you now that there is an effect. But you know this trade war might impact some industries moving forward. And by impacting these industries, there could be a ripple effect on our business. We're watching as well very closely Latin America. Latin America, we've been doing well despite the complexities in that region. You see what we are doing in Brazil, which is absolutely great. Now Latin America prospects are concerning as well. And not to mention the other risk we all know. You're starting to see again some volatility in the commodity pricing. Not long ago, we talked about the oil price at $30 a barrel. And now it's getting to be very, very high. Are we about to see some commodity pricing volatility? Again, all of this we'll see in calendar '19 how things are going to unfold. So that is the answer, nothing now. But our job is to consider and to risk adjusting our guidance accordingly. Now that being said, what David said is absolutely true. 5% to 8% is an aggressive guidance if you look at the growth of the basket of competitor and the market. So it's -- at 8%, that will be 2 to 3x the market. I would not consider that as conservative.

Yes. And maybe just to add on this, I think to attract and retain people, it's not always about the money. And it's interesting when you're driving analysis and surveys, the number one wish of the people working at Accenture is interesting work. That is the number one. The second is all the working environment and a balanced life. And three, the comp. So at the end of the day, the point is not about giving more money or to be the one who's going to pay the most. It's going to be the company who's going to provide the most interesting work for our people. And this is what we do with our rotation to "the New" and working with our Diamond clients; second, creating the right working environment. I mentioned that already; and indeed, competitive compensation. So it's a mix of things you need to work on.

Yes. We could be even clearer because you mentioned the 20% as the growth. I think all of them are growing more than 20%, to be very clear.

Excellent analysis, indeed. The core is declining less than in the prior year. So you made exactly the right analysis and calculation. But the rationale behind is we worked hard to -- not to protect the core, but to make the core more competitive. So it was not like if our strategy was we're going to put all our investment behind "the New" and let the core decline or becoming uncompetitive, which would have been extremely bad. So we invested as well in the core in the form, if I had to summarize, of massive robotics and automation and modernization of what we are providing in terms of, for instance, application outsourcing or other activities you would put in the core, where indeed we have reached a level of automation which is extremely high. And accordingly, we've been able to protect the margin of the core and limit the erosion. So you're absolutely right. But it's more because we worked on it through robotics, automation and modernization.

No.

Yes. Now we have a kind of routine we established at Accenture, which is moving from first, and this is the role of R&D, especially Paul Daugherty and Accenture Research, is to understand what's coming. And clearly, as you know, we're spending $700 million in R&D at Accenture. And their job is to identify the next waves and putting them in incubation in what we're calling strategy growth initiatives. So we incubate. This is what we did for the other businesses. We're starting to test business models. And when we're getting to a level of maturity and we see the opportunity to scale and create an impact with clients, then we industrialize and move to the big business of Accenture. So we learned about this process of incubation to industrialization. Second, it's all about talent and leadership. And this is where we have the combination between acquisition and organic growth. So indeed, we are making acquisition, as I mentioned in the call, for instance, the 3 acquisitions we made in Industry X.0 this very quarter to attract the skills, so companies of mid -- small to mid-size are having deep, deep skills, especially in Industry X.0 on embedded software and product design, where we are investing a lot. So we know now how to combine. And of course, all of this supported, I could see Amy Fuller next to me, our Chief Marketing Officer, with good communication campaign we're putting behind. So we have developed a savoir-faire in terms of incubation -- detection, incubation, industrialization and launching the campaign behind with a good mix of organic and inorganic behind. So it's quite well oiled, if you will, as a machine.

Yes. So on this, I mean, we are -- we continue to hire on, let's say, onshore large markets, especially in the context of our rotation to "the New." Our largest markets are, as you know, U.S., U.K., a lot in Germany, Japan, if I had to mention maybe -- maybe 3 countries, I would certainly mention the U.S., Germany and Japan, where we are recruiting a lot. That is true as well in our other mature markets: U.K., France, Italy, Spain. So onshore, deep skills, probably more around high-value consulting in the context of "the New" and in the context of driving our largest relationship with clients, especially with our Diamond clients. And we continue to hire significantly on, let's call that, the offshore, especially in India. And thank you for giving me the opportunity not to polarize that out, that now that we'd be all about onshore and offshore would be core legacy. It's not true at all, not true at all. And everybody who would visit Accenture in India will be blown away by the quality of the people and their rotation to "the New." We had an even cluster in terms of R&D and innovation, where some of our -- I'm not going to mention the name, but some of our largest brands and clients from the U.S. been moving there for less than an hour to support that team who've been working on a truly innovative session and brainstorming. So we continue to invest onshore and offshore, drive the right balance and having the right skills. And this is exactly why, to your second question, is there scarcity in the pool? We don't believe. We operate in many markets. And in many markets, we find the right people, including business scientists. I think we have more than 2,000 business scientists at Accenture, growing. And we could find these people all around the world. Again, to a prior question, Accenture today is very attractive, good for us. So we need to take our chance. And while we are attractive based on our results and positioning, we have no issue in finding the right people.
So thanks a lot for listening and joining us on today's call. As you might have guessed, we are and I'm extremely pleased with our strong finish and excellent performance for the full fiscal year '18. No doubt, we have strong momentum entering fiscal year '19. And with our leading position in "the New," the significant investments we are making and the disciplined management of the business, I'm very confident in our ability to continue gaining market share and delivering value for all our stakeholders. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to call Angie and the team. All the best to everybody.