Thank you, Angie, and everyone joining us today. And thank you to our 721,000 people around the globe for delivering a truly extraordinary year. We measure our success by both our financial results and the broader 360-degree value we create for all our stakeholders: Our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Strong financial results allow us to deliver more 360-degree value.  
Let me share a few highlights of this extraordinary year. In FY '22, we delivered record bookings of $72 billion. As our clients continue to execute compressed transformations, we had 100 clients with quarterly bookings greater than $100 million compared to 72 last fiscal year. We delivered revenues of $62 billion, representing a record 26% growth in local currency, adding $11 billion in revenue for the year. We continue to take significant market share, growing more than 2x the market. 
Our financial results reflect our commitment to creating value for our clients every day, which is why they are turning to us as their trusted partner across the enterprise. We now have 267 Diamond clients, our largest client relationships, compared to 229 last fiscal year. We expanded operating margin by 10 basis points and had EPS growth of 22% over adjusted FY '21 EPS, demonstrating our ability to grow profitably and at scale.  
We achieved this profitable growth while continuing to invest significantly in our business and people with $3.4 billion deployed across 38 acquisitions that are well balanced across markets, services and strategic priorities; $1.1 billion invested in R&D assets, platforms and industry solutions, including growing our portfolio of patents and pending patents to more than 8,300; and $1.1 billion invested in the training and development of our people to grow the skills needed to serve our clients.  
We continue to offer an employee value proposition that includes providing vibrant career paths and opportunities for our people with approximately 157,000 promotions and over 40 million training hours while expanding our workforce by almost 100,000 and achieving 47% women as we continue our progress towards gender parity by 2025. We believe our unwavering commitment to diversity, broadly defined, and inclusion is an essential element of our ability to deliver market-leading financial results because our diversity and inclusiveness makes us smarter, more innovative and more attractive to top talent. 
We achieved over 85% renewable electricity powering our offices and centers around the world, on our way to 100% by 2023. 
We prioritize creating value around the world and the communities where we work and live, both through investments and job creation and through our direct support of meaningful local initiatives, including our apprenticeship programs in the U.S., U.K., Switzerland and Latin America; and our growing partnership with Youth Business International, which will help an additional estimated 240,000 young entrepreneurs, ages 18 to 35, build skills and success in a digital future on top of the 370,000 young entrepreneurs already supported through this partnership in many different communities throughout the world.  
This year, we are proud to achieve our highest brand value and rank to date on BrandZ's prestigious Top 100 Most Valuable Global Brands list, increasing 28% to over $82 billion and ranking #26. 
Over to you, KC.

Thank you, KC. We succeed by being close to our clients. Understanding and anticipating their needs, helping them from strategy to execution with the best solutions for their businesses, whether for growth, cost optimization or both and resilience. And it all starts with technology. With the breadth and depth of our existing capabilities, combined with our incredible learning organization, we are able to pivot as necessary, positioning us to serve our clients' changing needs and capture new market opportunities, all while being laser-focused on our own operational excellence. 
I will give some color on the demand we are seeing. First of all, against the backdrop of the current macroeconomic environment, we delivered $18.4 billion in new bookings in Q4, a year-over-year increase of 31% in local currency. 
While industries and markets are being affected differently, there are 2 common themes. All strategies lead to technology, particularly cloud, data, AI and security, which are fundamental to a strong digital core. Our cloud business is now $26 billion and grew 48%, with Cloud First being the biggest driver of the growth.
Companies are also seeking to execute compressed transformations, the second theme. These mean bold programs on accelerated time frames often spanning multiple parts of the enterprise at the same time. Managed services have become increasingly strategic as companies seek to move faster and leverage our digital platform and talent, and they are turning to Accenture because of our excellence across the enterprise. We are unmatched in terms of breadth and depth of capabilities and industry coverage. 
We continue to see a growing number of companies embrace the need to harness the 5 key forces of change that we have identified for the next decade: Total enterprise reinvention, talent, sustainability, the Metaverse continuum and the ongoing tech revolution, which in turn will fuel our growth. Let me bring this demand to life. 
First, total enterprise reinvention. We are helping our clients transform every part of their business with technology, from building a digital core to optimizing operations; to achieve agility, efficiency and resilience; to accelerating their growth agendas. While it is still early stages, there are leading companies that have begun systematically transforming multiple parts of their enterprise, from moving to the cloud and adopting new ways of working to digitizing manufacturing, to reimagining shared services, to creating entirely new business models. 
Unilever, one of the world's largest consumer goods companies, is an example of a company that is leading in total enterprise reinvention. Together, we are setting a new industry standard by reinventing technology delivery with cutting-edge automation, delivering cloud migration at scale, the largest ERP migration to the cloud in the industry and shifting to technology solutions that support their growth strategy. They have changed their business model from a matrix structure to being organized around 5 distinct business groups. Each business group is fully responsible and accountable for their strategy, growth and profit delivery globally. 
Now we are helping them build a B2B marketplace that will help millions of small retailers in emerging markets grow their business and create what the company calls shared prosperity. We helped launch in 7 markets in just 12 months, implemented a cloud-native, scalable commerce platform powered by data and advanced analytics. And we are managing front-end, back-office operations and campaigns delivered in partnership with the Accenture Song team. 
Because across our industries, we are as relevant to the boardroom, to the CFO to the business unit leader, to the GM of the factory, and we understand the connections across the enterprise, we are uniquely positioned to help our clients as they seek to often simultaneously drive growth, efficiency, cost reduction and increased resilience. 
For example, we are helping Lupin Limited, a global pharmaceutical company, become an intelligent enterprise by enabling its data-driven transformation journey. A new digital platform will unlock enterprise data to increase efficiencies, and decision-makers will now have real-time visibility into integrated data across 100 countries and 15 manufacturing and research facilities. This consolidated view of global business operations and performance will help the company navigate supply chain disruptions and accelerate product innovation and speed to market while supporting the company's mission to provide affordable health care to people around the world. 
We see continued demand for our Industry X capabilities, which are all about digitizing engineering and manufacturing. This is the next digital frontier. Industry X revenues grew 38% in FY '22 to total $7 billion. 
We are helping EDF, a French multinational utility company, digitize the construction of a nuclear power station that will provide low-carbon energy for more than 6 million U.K. homes. As part of a total enterprise reinvention, our Industry X team transformed EDF's digital construction processes by creating a global digital factory model on a secure cloud infrastructure, driving cost efficiency.
Construction methods that used to be paper- and blueprint-based will be digitized, and AI will consolidate parts information from millions of pages of supplier guides. Digital dashboards will provide real-time data visibility across all systems, and digital twins will help identify areas for automation across power plants, all of which drive safety, efficiency and quality. We are leveraging our expertise of nuclear construction on our cutting-edge cloud, digital and AI capabilities to help EDF deliver on one of the largest capital projects in Europe and accelerate its mission, helping Britain achieve net zero. 
And our operation services, now a $9 billion business with 19% growth in FY '22, are fundamental to total enterprise reinvention for our clients because they help our clients digitize faster, access digital talent and reduce cost. 
For example, we are collaborating with one of the world's largest commercial vehicle manufacturers to develop an independent finance operation, leveraging our deep functional expertise in finance and accounting. With our managed services, we will implement a new platform underpinned by SynOps. Automation, data and analytics will drive and provide real-time decisions while digitizing processes to improve efficiency and user experience, all leading to significant cost reductions, better decision-making and savings. 
And as our clients build their digital core, security continues to be more important than ever. With over $6 billion in revenue and 45% growth, our integrated security capabilities, from identity, to threat intelligence, to manage security services, to incident response, are critical as our clients respond to increasing risk as the security landscape widens. 
We are working with an Asian multinational conglomerate to deliver a comprehensive managed security services, security operations center, a holistic security solution to detect, monitor and respond to global security threats 24/7. We will also manage tools to continuously monitor end-user devices to detect and respond to cyber threats, like ransomware and malware, and will perform regular threat-hunting activities to detect new cyber hacking techniques. This will provide its business units with timely detection and defense against cyber attacks, deliver threat intel for proactive defense, reduce false alarms by 90% and minimize emergency incidents to less than 1% of total incidents. 
Moving from total enterprise reinvention to the other 5 forces. Next, talent. Our clients look to us to help them access, create and unlock the potential of talent. 
We collaborated with Sky, one of Europe's leading media and entertainment companies, to modernize its employee experience and human resources operations in the era of hybrid working. By migrating to a Software-as-a-Service multi-platform human capital management solution, all in the cloud, employees will be empowered with anytime, anywhere self-service solutions and access to real-time data and dashboards across all markets in one place. The solution supports all people management functions; from recruiting and onboarding; to performance management and learning; as well as compensation, benefits and payroll integration. Employees have the full picture of their work experience at their fingertips, helping them to build their careers and perform at even higher levels. 
Now sustainability. With $1 billion in revenues in FY '22, we continue to believe clients will increasingly need our sustainability services in the decade to come. 
We collaborated with Swisscom, Switzerland's #1 firm for communications, IT and entertainment, on a climate strategy to reduce the company's emissions and help its customers reduce their emissions by 1 million tons of carbon by 2025, equal to 2% of Switzerland's total carbon emissions, by leveraging technology such as cloud, data, AI, 5G and IoT. These technologies will address faster and higher capacity data transmission with remote management and control of connected devices. 
We are also helping the company explore strategies to incorporate technologies within the emerging Scope 4 classification that can help further reduce carbon emissions from customers, allowing Swisscom to positively impact the planet and provide their customers with a larger number of green products and services to choose from. 
Moving to the Metaverse and the ongoing tech revolutions. We continue to invest ahead of our clients' needs and have more than a decade of experience and leadership in Metaverse-related capabilities. In fact, we expect to onboard over 150,000 new joiners using Accenture's Nth Floor. And we use our experience and expertise to help our clients as we believe the Metaverse continuum provides greater possibilities in the wave of digital transformation, and it is still early days. 
For example, we are helping Tokyu Land Corporation, a Japanese leading leasing, construction and retail real estate company, leverage the Metaverse to transform the customer experience through digital twin technology, leveraging computer-generated imagery to recreate walk-throughs of its condominiums online to greatly improve its in-person model room tour. Customers will be able to visualize a property online, including different home equipment options, and the company will attract more buyers and increase sales while reducing marketing costs and the environmental impact of the construction, operation and removal of the model room. Into the future, we will help create continuous touch points with customers throughout the real estate life cycle and develop new collaborative digital businesses, such as purchasing furniture and home appliances and ordering renovation services. 
And with our continued focus on innovation on the ongoing tech revolution, we continue to invest in our business for the future. For example, in Q4, we invested in Pixxel, a leader in cutting-edge earth imaging space technology. 
Back to you, KC.

Maybe I'll add, Lisa, is that when we think about the macro environment, what we're really thinking about is what do our clients need, right? So as -- so -- and I talked a little bit about this last quarter, right, is this environment affects different industries differently. 
So you've got those who are really tied to the supply chain disruption and the inflation continuing to focus on cost. But you also see that as the uncertainty increases, so over the last 90 to 120 days, you saw changes in the estimates around the GDP growth for 2023, it makes all clients really think about, okay, what's my resilience? Is there more that I can do? Can I take advantage of the environment to push through deeper cost cuts that require you to change behaviors? 
And so we really think about the environment as what does that mean we need to do to help our clients? And how do we continue to pivot? And it's very similar if you think about what we did in the early days of the pandemic, where we've pivoted a lot to, for example, cloud, using all of our learning organization. So that's the focus, and it's always an opportunity to better serve our clients.

Yes. I mean, I don't -- I mean, obviously, we've got larger deals, you have more visibility around larger deals just because they're larger deals and you see how it is. And simply how we think about the business so much. I mean, I think if you just take a step -- your underlying question is what are clients focused on, right? 
And so what we do see is -- and what we actually -- more than just see, what we are recommending, is that leadership teams remain sort of focused on prioritizing where they can get good time to value, making sure that they are doing things that are material, not having 1,000 different pilots as opposed to actually getting to scale. And so a lot of that does lead to a on larger transformation deals. 
And it's tied to what we call total enterprise reinvention, right? What we're talking to clients about is systematically reinventing. And actually, we've got some research coming out at the end of September that says 68% of CFOs say they today have either 3 or more transformation programs either going right now or about to start in parallel. And so what that really does mean that is that you've got more companies do what we've been talking about since the early days of the pandemic, which is systematic transformation, will try to do it faster. And that does lead to larger programs. And probably the bigger impact for us is less about visibility, but those obviously convert to revenue differently.

Yes. And Tien, I would just -- Tien-Tsin, I would just emphasize. We believe it is very important to continue to invest at higher levels in our business every year, and that's our commitment. And it's been -- we think a big reason for our success is that, through every cycle, we continue to invest.

Well, I'll let KC start, and then I'll add on.

Great. And Keith, what I would just say is that, remember, our focus is helping our clients create value within whatever environment that they are operating in, right? So -- and which is very different, depending on your industry. 
So like pick right now, providers in the U.S., right? They are focused on cost cutting because they went through a tough time with COVID. They're behind in digitization, so they're investing there. And they have to because they're facing one of the most difficult labor markets they've ever had. 
So now the sort of resistance and difficulty in automating before, that is a completely different than a global consumer company like Unilever, we talked about in our script, who's reinventing everything that -- been on this journey for a few years, that's looking to the next thing, right? And they're dealing with supply chain disruptions, right, cost inputs. 
And so that is how we continue to succeed, is by understanding the depth of difference in our industry. We're using knowledge that we had from other industries to now accelerate what the providers are doing because they're now implementing SaaS solutions to connect their patients that we've been doing for years in retail, right, and in banking and in lots of other industries. 
So that, our outlook for the year reflects our confidence that we are going to continue to be able to use that knowledge, stay close to our clients and deliver on what they need.

Well, as KC said earlier, our guidance for the year takes into account the current estimates for 2023 for GDP, which, as we all know, over the last sort of 90 days, have decreased. So we take that into consideration. 
And where we see that really affecting our business is our ability to help our clients then think about what to do, right? How do you execute a faster transformation? Are there new opportunities? I'm talking to a consumer goods client now, where we're helping them think about, well, how do we cut marketing and get more effective? Because they need growth, but marketing is one of the biggest spend areas for a consumer goods company. And by the way, let's not waste a good environment to be able to catalyze a cultural and behavioral change as they think about things. 
So that's where we are seeing it. And otherwise, our guidance reflects -- as you know, it's not a one for one, but we obviously take into account the economic environment.

Yes. We're very proud of our European team because they are really close to our clients.

And as always, clients still -- most of our clients are calendar year and they will set their budgets, and we'll know more about that in January. So it's really the same.

Well, as you know, our -- we have a very deep competency in supply and demand. And actually, over the course of the last couple of years, we continue to innovate. We have a incredible, what we call, integrated talent control tower that is able to predict earlier and earlier in our sales cycle where the skills will be needed and what type of skills. And so for us, this is just normal business, right? 
And keep in mind, technology demand is really incredible, right? I mean, you saw that in our results, all strategies lead to technology. And we're super pleased with not only our performance there, but what we're seeing ahead as clients continue to build the digital core as fundamental to all of their other strategic needs. And our talent supply chain is able to see that, predict it, understand the skills and keep moving forward.

Yes. And look, I would just say to you that technology skills are in demand by both companies as well as our competitors because technology is at the core of strategy. And so we're expecting to have a continued tight labor market. And we continue to expect us to really excel because despite that market, as you know, even this last year, we added 100,000 people. So I don't -- the fact that there has been some layoffs in certain markets isn't really, I think, going to change much.

Yes. And just -- I think it's always important that we are continuously thinking about both the near term, this fiscal year, and the longer term and anchoring on the 5 forces of change for the next decade. And so total enterprise reinvention, talent. We talked about the investments we're making in sustainability. We just made a great acquisition this quarter in Carbon Intelligence, which is all about consulting around carbon, getting to net zero strategies. The Metaverse continuum, small today. We're the leading enterprise user in our own way of onboarding, but lots and lots of interest, and we're already making those investments. And then the ongoing tech revolution. And so that's why, as you think about our results, right, we are investing today and tomorrow and really are looking at the demand that we see over the next decade.

Yes, it's probably worth reminding that last Q1, we had umlaut and Novetta, which were both very large acquisitions, come in, in Q1. So probably just good to remind everyone that's part of what's driving the Q1 S&C results, too.
Great. So before we wrap up, I do want to mention that Angie Park, who has been our Head of Investor Relations for the past 6 years, has been promoted to become the CFO for our really outstanding technology services business. Angie has been an absolutely incredible Head of IR, and we're particularly grateful for how she has helped lead us through some of the most turbulent times in the history of Accenture. I know from speaking to our investors and analysts how much they've appreciated Angie's steady hand, her commitment to transparency and connection. And I know we'll all miss her in this role, but are extremely excited to see her start the next chapter of what has already been an incredible career. So thank you very much, Angie. 
And I am also pleased to welcome [ Katie O'Conor ], who will become our new Head of Investor Relations. She's got incredible experience. She's held many finance roles during her 25 years at Accenture. And so please join me in welcoming Katie. And I know she's looking forward to getting to know all of you in the days ahead. 
In closing, I do want to thank again all of our people and our managing directors for what you're doing every day. Our people, our actions and our results in FY '22 have positioned us to be very strongly going into FY '23 and create even more 360-degree value. 
And finally and very importantly, thank you to all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support. Thank you.