Today, we are very pleased to announce strong financial results for our first quarter. I will begin by thanking our 514,000 people for their hard work and dedication to delivering value for our clients, which is what these results represent.  
Last quarter, I shared that as we began our fiscal year '21, we were turning a page, no longer navigating a crisis, but facing a new reality with a laser focus on delivering value to our clients at this time of great need and on returning to pre-COVID growth rates by the second half of our fiscal year. I also shared how we began fiscal year '21 stronger than pre-crisis. Our results in Q1 made clear how we have strengthened our market position as well as our ability to pivot our business with agility. Not only have we delivered a strong quarter, but we took exciting new actions to continue to strengthen our market position for FY '21 and the future.  
Let's start with our financial results. We delivered revenue growth of 2% in local currency, well ahead of our guidance, with broad-based improvement across the globe. We continue to extend our leadership position with our growth estimated over the trailing 4 quarters to be more than 4x the market, which refers to our basket of publicly traded companies. We delivered exceptionally strong new bookings of $12.9 billion, a 25% increase over Q1 last year, including 16 clients with over $100 million in bookings. We continue to invest substantially in our business, including closing 10 acquisitions this quarter in strategic areas, such as cloud, intelligent operations, and Industry X.0. And as KC will walk through, we delivered strong profitability and returned substantial cash to shareholders.  
Now let me highlight the actions we have taken in Q1 to better serve our clients, attract the best talent, and extend our leadership as a responsible business and trusted partner. We created Accenture Cloud First with a planned $3 billion 3-year investment to help clients in what has become a once in a digital era replatforming of global business in the cloud. 
We launched our new purpose, our growth strategy to deliver 360-degree Value to our clients and our largest and most significant new brand campaign in a decade. 
In our annual cycle in December, we promoted 605 Managing Directors with a record 39% women; and I appointed 63 Senior Managing Directors, including a record 29% women. I'm excited to announce today that we met our previous goal of 25% women Managing Directors globally by the end of 2020, and have raised the bar again, setting a new goal of 30% by the end of 2025. With 45% women overall, we are on track to meet our goal of 50-50 gender equality by 2025.  
We set external goals in the U.S., U.K. and South Africa to achieve greater race and ethnicity representation overall and among Managing Directors in these countries by 2025. We remain the only major professional services company in our industry, around the world, public or private, to set these types of external goals and to have our level of transparency. We believe our diversity and commitment to inclusion and equality have been and will continue to be critical to our success and a differentiator in attracting the best talent.  
And building on our long-standing and well recognized commitment to the environment, we announced industry-leading goals for 2025 to achieve net 0 emissions, move to 0 waste and plan for water risk.  
As you can see, we have been busy moving forward in our new reality. KC, over to you.

Thank you, KC. Let me start with the environment. We saw in Q1 a broad-based increase in demand that is faster than we anticipated 90 days ago. This means that as our clients have the confidence and ability to spend, they are turning to Accenture. But the uncertainty and volatility of the biggest health, economic, and social crisis in our lifetimes remains, particularly as the world continues to face a deepening health impact pre-widespread vaccination. 
From an overall demand perspective, the trends that we discussed last quarter are continuing. Companies need to accelerate their digital transformation across their enterprises and move to the cloud, address cost pressures, build resilience and security, adjust their operations and customer engagement to a remote-everything environment and changing expectations and find new sources of growth. 
What is becoming even more clear, however, is that we are in an era of compressed transformation in which the winners by industry will be those who are earliest to replatform their businesses in the cloud and have the digital core and new ways of working that allows them to continuously improve their operations and find new sources of growth, which for most leading companies, is requiring them to simultaneously transform multiple parts of their enterprises and their talent. For the pre-COVID digital leaders, they are racing to widen the gap; and for the digital laggards, they are racing to leapfrog. 
We are uniquely positioned to help the leaders and the laggards because of the depth and breadth of our capabilities. We bring the trust, experience, speed and scale that are essential to achieve compressed transformation. Now let's bring some of these demand trends to life through the lens of our Q1 and look at our own broad-based improvement. 
First, replatforming to the cloud. In fiscal year '20, our cloud revenue was approximately $12 billion with low double-digit growth, which accelerated in Q1 with significantly higher double-digit growth, driven by Accenture Cloud First. In fact, across low to highly impacted industries and all geographic markets, we saw strong double-digit growth. The race to replatform to the cloud and create new business value is clear across all our services. 
Our clients need our deep technical and engineering skills and our unmatched set of relationships with the world's leading technology ecosystem companies which are critical partners to us and to our clients. We were pleased that in Q1, industry analysts recognized us as the leading systems integrator for each of AWS, Azure and Google Cloud platform as well as the leading multi-cloud managed services provider. Fundamental to accelerating our clients' replatforming in the cloud, however, are our leading strategy and consulting capabilities, which give us the industry and functional insights to move rapidly and achieve early business value. 
For example, we are working with Takeda, a global value-based R&D-driven biopharmaceutical leader, to modernize their technology platforms, including moving 80% of applications to the cloud, accelerate data services and establish an internal engine for innovation while equipping employees with new skills and ways of working and reducing their carbon footprint. The business impact is illustrated by the plans for Takeda's plasma-derived therapies business unit, which is harnessing the power of the cloud and these data services to create state-of-the-art, digitally connected, donation centers and modernize the donor experience, optimizing the plasma collection process and contributing to the goal of increasing plasma collection and manufacturing by at least 65% by 2024. 
We are working with the Norwegian Healthnet to create a health analytics platform which is using the power of the cloud to analyze and interpret data and ultimately improve patient outcomes by reducing research turnaround times and access to data from months to a matter of minutes or days. 
And we are working with Generali, a major player in the global insurance industry, to help replatform approximately 70% of its IT footprint to the cloud to improve service quality, innovate and build a set of new cloud-ready core insurance applications for emerging markets while achieving a sustainable reduction in its total cost of ownership and helping to upskill its workforce. 
In Intelligent Platform Services, which returned to low single-digit growth this quarter, we saw building momentum fueled by our clients rotating to software as a service as well as new digital platforms. 
In a quick trip around the world, we see this compressed transformation playing out: From the rapid transformation of the finance functions of Nickel Bank, a subsidiary of BNP Paribas and a fast-growing neobank in France, with the implementation of leading software as a service and ERP solutions; to the cloud-based marketing transformation of a global bank with a large U.S. footprint with a SaaS implementation across its worldwide private banking network; to one of the largest implementations in the chemicals industry of a modern digital ERP system hosted on the cloud for Indorama Ventures, a world-class chemicals company with global operations headquartered in Asia, that will provide a single source of information globally, and cloud-based solutions to enhance its operations, employee development capabilities and customer and supplier experiences.  
So that's the cloud. Now let's turn to digitizing operations across the enterprise. In operations, which returned to double-digit growth this quarter, we are helping our clients transform by digitizing their operations with our SynOps platform, increasing agility and reducing cost. Operations is a service that enables us to continue diversifying our value to clients by expanding across functions and industries. We have an unmatched global footprint, ability to invest, and innovation engines powered by the broader Accenture. 
We were excited to welcome to the Accenture family this quarter N3, an Atlanta-based B2B sales firm with more than 2,000 employees that combines specialized talent in AI and machine learning, to enable smarter, more efficient sales interactions and drive sales growth in virtual environments. 
The power of Accenture's breadth and depth comes together at Halliburton, a leading provider of products and services to the Energy industry and a leader in driving true enterprise-wide transformation enabled by digital and technology. Last quarter, we shared how we are helping Halliburton move to cloud-based digital platforms. This quarter, we announced that we are teaming with Halliburton to accelerate its digital supply chain transformation and support digitization within Halliburton's manufacturing function to improve service levels and business outcomes. We will leverage SynOps, which we already use as part of Halliburton's digital transformation of its finance and accounting function, and our strategy and consulting expertise.  
In Industry X.0, we are digitizing manufacturing and operation and creating intelligent products and platforms. In fiscal year '20, Industry X.0 was approximately $3 billion and grew low double digits, which has continued in Q1. We see COVID deepening the need to transform manufacturing in a contactless world with disrupted supply chains and greater cost pressures. 
One of our latest wins was as CNH industrial, the manufacturer of capital goods across the agriculture, construction equipment and commercial vehicle sectors, where we are improving the global operating model to develop smart connected products and services that will grow revenue while building a digitally enabled workforce and enhancing security and sustainability. 
Finally, let's look at the trends around new ways of engaging customers, patients, citizens, and employees. In interactive, which is all about the business of experience, the crisis had a significant impact due to severe disruptions in industries like travel and retail and due to our clients being focused on shoring up their experience -- of their businesses rather than the next generation of experiences. This quarter, we saw building momentum with a return to low single-digit growth from a low single-digit decline in H2 of FY '20 as clients focused on creating new experiences in the new environment. 
For example, Accenture Federal Services is working with the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board to reimagine retirement services for the digital age and improve the customer experience for a retirement savings plan serving 6.1 million civilian employees and members of the Armed Services with over $644 billion in assets. 
I want to take a moment to talk about another bold move we made this quarter. In October, we simultaneously launched a new purpose, our growth strategy to deliver 360-degree Value to our clients; and a new brand campaign created by our own Droga5 team that joined our family in 2019. Our new purpose is to deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity. 
Our purpose is what we are uniquely able to do, and our growth strategy is our action plan to bring this purpose to life. Our strategy to deliver 360-degree Value to our clients is a direct response to the rising demand we see for talent transformation and help achieving responsible business goals. We define 360-degree Value as delivering the financial business case, experiences and unique value a client may be seeking; and striving, where possible, to partner with our clients to achieve greater progress on inclusion and diversity, reskill their employees and achieve their sustainability goals. At the heart of this strategy is embedding responsible business by design into our work for clients in addition to our own operations. 
Our new brand, Let There be Change, captures our purpose and the depth and breadth of Accenture's expertise. Together, our purpose, strategy, and brand better reflects Accenture's unique role in helping companies reimagine and rebuild differently for the benefit of all. 
Over to you, KC, for a look ahead.

Yes. And Tien-Tsin, let me just kind of give you a little more color from the clients' perspective because -- and this is what I talked a little bit about in my script, right? Is if you just remember, pre-COVID, we said we were in the early innings of transformation with the beginning of the decade, it'd be enterprise-wide, right? COVID hits, technology becomes a lifeline, and you really see companies understanding kind of the 2 truths of our world, right? There is -- every business is now a technology business, and exponential technology change is going to continue, right? 
And now it's about the speed. And this is why we're seeing what I'm calling compressed transformation, where you continue to see companies say, "We are going to take on this transformation more broadly." So look at the example of Takeda. They're both moving to the cloud, improving their data, and making sure that they're getting near-term business value. You take a Halliburton, right, cloud, finance, supply chain, right? 
So there is this speed of change, and we see that in the confidence. We're 9 months in now, right? The first part of the crisis, people were getting their footing, getting back up and running. And it's interesting, we did some research in July across 10 markets, and nearly 80% of the executives that we surveyed said that they were planning on investing in digital transformation, and that was up from 50% in May, right? And we're continuing just to see this recognition of the need to get there faster. 
And then what's important to understand is that all of this is happening, though, in the context of the cost pressures, the changing expectations. And this is where a decade and, in some cases, multiple decades of investment from Accenture has put us in a very unique position because no other company in our industry can simultaneously do operations that help a company redo their supply chain and their finance function and reduce costs and digitize. At the same time, we're helping them migrate to the cloud and give them that view, right, which -- because all of us has interdependencies, right? You want to get end-to-end process change. And we have literally been building these capabilities for years and years, and this is where the scale and the breadth matter.

Sure. So Matthew, thanks for the question. So maybe just take -- let's just first start why are companies having to accelerate faster to the cloud? And there's a few clear reasons. So first of all, there's a cost pressure because when they move to the cloud, there's immediate savings just in the migration and there's an obvious need to get that kind of savings. 
Second, the cloud is really important for resilience and security. And in this current environment in particular, you can see why that matters. The crisis really exposed the vulnerabilities of a lot of the on-premise IT estates. And then that has been compounded, of course, by the expansion of the threat surface through more remote working. And so the resilience and security of the cloud is also an immediate driver as to the need to do that. 
But what I would say is probably most important in really the rapid acceleration is the need for the power of the cloud to enable the data-driven transformations, right? So you saw that in the example that we gave with Takeda, where they're changing the customer experience, which requires near real time access to data in order to personalize and to be able to actually do that. 
And what I think is very unique -- I know is very unique about Accenture, is that this is where our strategy and consulting capabilities are so important because the reason to go to the cloud is not simply cost and resilience and security, it's about the business value. And here's how we're helping clients get early business value. And you have to deeply understand the industry, the patients, the customer, and also what data is valuable among all of the data and which workloads go first. 
And so it really is driven by all of these things at once, which is why our capabilities around change management, around talent transformation and leadership are important, because by the way, everybody now wants to go hire cloud talent in this thing, and so -- and it's not going to be enough available. So our ability to reskill, which you saw in each of these examples that we gave in the script, like Generali and Takeda, is also critical. So that's sort of the big picture. 
Now when you think about where are we going to do investment? We talked about we did 10 acquisitions this quarter. Four of them were in cloud. They were in each of our 3 markets. And they were about building scale, for the most part, in more markets. And so as we think about the acquisition strategy, which will be a big component of the $3 billion, it's about building scale in markets around the world as well as acquiring niche capabilities. 
The second big area of that $3 billion investment, though, is creating more and more of the assets that will allow our clients to move quickly. Everything from the myNav asset that we've talked about that does a fast diagnostic with benchmarks to help clients figure out what kind of a strategy to have and how to get value to the my green navigate -- advisor that helps you figure out your -- the reduction in carbon, to the industry blueprints that we're creating and the solutions that are repeatable, like in digital manufacturing, on the cloud. So this will be an important part of our continued investment. 
And again, it really comes right back to no other company has both these deep engineering and infrastructure skills, the deep relationships and then the strategy and consulting capabilities to actually move industries to the cloud to create business value solutions. And you don't build that overnight, right? We have been building our strategy and consulting business for decades. We have been an early adopter for cloud for decades. And let's not forget, we're our own best credential when it comes to all of these capabilities.

Absolutely. And when you think about Accenture Interactive, like we are doing amazing work like our own brand and purpose work, right? And for ourselves, we are, again, our best credential. But what these capabilities bring is we're actually embedding them in all of our services. Our clients come to us for outcomes, and experience is a really important part of it. 
Again, when you think about the work we're doing with Prudential that we talked about last quarter, that was fundamentally a different way of engaging with the customer. Takeda, a different way of engaging with the donor, right? The researchers in the Norway example, about how they're going to engage. We are embedding this experience and how to do that in all of our work. And so that's why I often talk about -- I know you all look at our services separately, our 4 services, our clients look at our outcomes. And what differentiates us is our ability to embed the business of experience across Accenture as well as going to market, of course, like a Drago5, that continues to do amazing pure work in terms of brand, for example.

Yes. And so next quarter, we expect a very nice -- very strong quarter in bookings.

Yes. So in H2, so kind of the whole 6 months, it was a low single-digit decline, and now we're in a low positive growth, right? So -- and it's building momentum. So for example, we're helping a big European bank with their digital sales, new things. So everyone is now starting to kind of reconnect with new experiences.

Look, I think on security, we're super pleased with that -- of that double-digit growth. So whether it's going to be low or strong, it will probably ebb and flow. But the consistency of that double-digit growth in security has been impressive to date, and we continue to see that to be the trajectory.

Okay. So thank you, everyone, for joining us on today's call. We're very pleased with our strong start in fiscal '21. 
Thank you again to our incredible people across the globe, and thank you to our shareholders for your continued trust. Best wishes to all for a safe, healthy, and joyful holiday season.