Thank you, Angie, and everyone, for joining us. Before diving into our results, thank you to our 624,000 incredibly talented people around the world, including over 8,500 Managing Directors. This past fiscal year, your hard work and dedication to creating value that matters for our clients was unwavering despite the ongoing and sometimes quite extreme challenges of COVID.  
We've had a truly extraordinary year as reflected in our outstanding financial results and in the 360-degree value we delivered beyond our financials. From the over 120,000 promotions and over 31 million training hours, an increase of 43% for our people; to increasing our workforce by approximately 118,000 people, creating significant employment opportunities in our communities; to achieving 46% women on our way to our goal of gender parity by 2025; to our top 3 ranking in the Refinitiv Global Diversity and Inclusion Index for the fourth consecutive year; to the #1 position with our largest ecosystem partners; to the exciting accomplishment of 50% renewable energy now powering our offices and centers globally; to the donation of $54 million in COVID surge relief.  
In December, we will publish our first-ever annual 360-degree value report to more fully describe the FY '21 value we created in all directions, and we'll report against 3 additional key ESG frameworks: SASB, TCFD, and WEF IBC.  
We believe that the trust we have from our clients and partners, our continuous innovation and our ability to consistently attract the best people, including the 56,000 net new hires this past quarter are directly linked to our commitment to measuring our success by how well we create this 360-degree value for all our stakeholders, clients, people, partners, shareholders and communities and on our culture of shared success.  
Here are some key financial highlights of the year, which position us strongly as we begin FY '22. FY '21 demonstrated our leadership in helping our clients achieve compressed transformation, with 72 clients with bookings greater than $100 million compared to 53 last year and 229 Diamond clients, our largest client relationship compared to 216 last year.  
With a 20% increase in bookings to $59 billion, we have strong momentum across all dimensions of our business across geographic markets, industries and services, reaching revenues of $50.5 billion, a significant milestone, representing 11% growth. We added $6.2 billion in revenue this year, gaining significant market share, with 40 basis points of operating margin expansion, demonstrating yet again our ability to grow profitably and at scale.  
We achieved this profitable growth while investing at a higher level than ever before, with $4.2 billion in acquisitions, $1.1 billion in R&D in assets, platforms and industry solutions, including growing our portfolio of patents and pending patents to more than 8,200 and total training investment of $900 million. And according to BrandZ, our brand value increased 56% to over $64 billion, ranking us #27 on the prestigious BrandZ's Top 100 Most Valuable Global Brands list.  
Finally, I want to highlight cloud and our ability to move with agility to serve our clients' needs and capture momentum in the market. At the beginning of FY '21, after investing in cloud for a decade, we saw that the pandemic would dramatically accelerate our clients' move to the cloud. More than technology, the move to the cloud would be about the adoption of a new operating system for the future enterprise, a dynamic continuum of capabilities from public to edge to everything in between, opening up radically new ways for companies to work, compete and drive value.  
Just over 1 year ago, we created Accenture Cloud First to capitalize on this momentum, bringing together all of our capabilities from migration to cloud-native development, data, AI, industry talent and change. Accenture Cloud First was the biggest driver of our overall cloud business growth, from $12 billion to $18 billion, a 44% increase.  
KC, over to you.

Thanks, KC. Turning to the demand environment. Compressed transformation underpinned by cloud and digital continues to drive strong double-digit growth across our business, including for Applied Intelligence, cloud, Industry X, intelligent operations, Interactive, Intelligent Platform Services, security and transformational change management.  
Technology is the single biggest driver of change in companies today, and the depth, breadth and scale of our technology capabilities across our services is unmatched. We see the demand environment shaping up for FY '22 to be more of the same, while digital leaders seeking to widen their competitive advantage and companies seeking to leapfrog their cloud and digital transformation, are driving momentum in our business. The vast majority of companies are early in their transformation. And whether digital leader, leapfrogger, laggard or in between, all face multiyear journeys ahead of them because the replatforming in the cloud and use of new technologies across the enterprise is a once-in-a-digital era profound transformation.  
Simultaneously, we have ongoing exponential technology change that is accelerating and will create new opportunities, disruptions and change for our clients. In addition, growth in parts of our business are, by their very nature, continuously evolving. For example, Interactive, now a $12.5 billion business growing 15%, continues to set a new standard for customer experience, connections, sales and marketing at the intersection of data, creativity and technology and is tied to the ever-changing needs and preferences of B2C and B2B customers.  
Similarly, security, now a $4.4 billion business growing 29%, is driven by needs related to an ever-expanding digital threat landscape, and with our managed services is providing much-needed protection and talent to our clients.  
Our clients value the depth and breadth of our services for the entire enterprise, across strategy and consulting, interactive, technology and operations and industry and functional expertise across 13 industries, plus the ability to deliver tangible outcomes as well as our strong track record of investing ahead of our clients to anticipate their needs to drive our next waves of growth, such as our early moves in digital, cloud and security.  
There remain entire parts of the enterprise for which digitization and the move to the cloud has only just begun. In particular, both the things companies make and the way they make things are being dramatically changed by technology. And that is the focus of our Industry X business, which we believe is the next big digital frontier. In fact, a 2021 Gartner survey of Board of Directors indicates that 93% expect that the #1 business priority that will see transformational improvement from digital technology is manufacturing, distribution and supply chain.  
We have invested for nearly a decade in Industry X and are now at approximately $5 billion in revenue, growing 36%. We look forward to welcoming the 4,200 industry-leading engineers and consultants of umlaut when the acquisition closes in October.  
Similarly, sustainability is a critical area for which technology is still evolving. We believe that every business must be a sustainable business, and yet companies are at very early stages of figuring out how to make this shift.  
Last year, building on years of investment and experience, we launched our sustainability services under our new Chief Responsibility Officer and Global Sustainability Services lead. We have continued to accelerate our focus in this expanding and changing market, and are proud of the work we are doing with leading partners like Mastercard as we enhance its ability to track and analyze the carbon emissions of their suppliers and help decarbonize the U.K. energy system with clients such as National Grid.  
We do see a shift in the nature of the demand for our managed services across IT, security and operations, with these services emerging as one of our most strategic differentiators. As companies simultaneously seek greater resilience, face a war for talent, the need to rapidly digitize and cost pressures, strategic managed services are increasingly a C-suite priority, with Accenture as the trusted partner of choice and increasingly integrated as a part of their talent strategy.  
Table stakes from managed services are efficiency, resiliency and reliability. We further differentiate in our managed services because they are uniquely informed by our strong strategy and consulting capabilities and deep industry and functional expertise. And they benefit from our strong level of investment for digital platforms like SynOps and myWizard, and the seamless integration with our ecosystem partners as well as due to the incredible pool of talented people our clients can access quickly when partnering with us.  
For example, we are partnering with Olympus, a leading manufacturer of optical and digital precision technology to help them drive their transformation to become a global medical technology company. As part of this partnership, we have acquired their Japanese IT subsidiary company, which we will transform to deliver significant IT cost savings to Olympus as well as upskill their people, combining their knowledge with our talent and technology to lead Olympus' digital transformation.  
Now let me bring to life some more of the demand we are seeing. All of these examples bring together the diverse capabilities across Accenture to create tangible value. We are a leader in cloud because we're able to serve our clients across the cloud continuum and create business value.  
We are partnering with Kubota, a Japanese multinational company, providing solutions leveraging a diverse range of products, technologies and services in the fields of food, water and the environment to accelerate Kubota's digital transformation by creating solutions that will enhance the productivity and safety of food, promote circularity of water resources and waste and improve urban and living environments. We will help create innovative sustainability solutions and a platform applying leading-edge digital technologies, including AI and IoT. Diverse data held across the group will be centralized for easing maintenance and use. We're also modernizing, replacing or migrating legacy applications to the cloud and strengthening their global computer security incident response team.  
We are partnering with Jabil, a U.S.-based global manufacturing services company to further enhance their IT infrastructure capabilities through providing infrastructure managed services for digital workplace, network, cloud and data center support.  
We're helping Fennia, a Finnish insurer offering casualty, motor and health and accident services to implement a cloud-based policy administration system to improve customer service using data and automation to make sales, claims, payments and policy management processes more user-friendly. This will allow the company to quickly respond to changing market and customer demands and meet its goal of providing the best customer experience in the industry.  
Compressed transformation is occurring across industries. We're partnering with Unilever, one of the world's largest consumer goods companies in their digital transformation. Together, we are setting a new industry standard by reinventing technology delivery with cutting-edge automation, delivering cloud migration at scale, the largest ERP migration to the cloud and the industry and shifting to technology solutions that support their growth strategy.  
With McCormick, a global leader in flavor in the food industry, where we are partnering on a strategic transformation program, encompassing finance, supply chain, logistics and plant maintenance. The new cloud-based platform and innovative data-driven approach will help standardize processes, increase efficiencies and support their goal of doubling in size quickly.  
We're helping a European financial institution build the bank of the future and helping them become a next-level innovator, one that is leveraging technology and sustainability to transform multiple parts of their business, drive hyper-personalized customer experience and create new lines of business like wealth management and insurance, which is expected to triple digital sales by 2023 and improve their already stellar cost-to-income ratio.  At the same time, we're helping them deliver on their ESG initiatives, including inclusive financing, green software and carbon data-free data centers.  
At Accenture, we're enabling new experience in growth and cost transformation across the enterprise and across industries. And the key enabler to these innovative scaled service is the power of our operations capabilities. We are helping Open Fiber, an Italian telecommunications company, design and orchestrate construction of an ultra broadband network, which will deliver fiber to 20 million households across Italy. Digitization and automation will help the construction site to proceed faster and more efficiently.  
With Interactive, we're helping MediaMarktSaturn Retail Group, Europe's leading consumer electronics retailer, transform their digital content capabilities with a state-of-the-art marketing operation. Automation and data insights enabled by SynOps will help deliver more engaging and personalized content while driving millions in savings.  
Our industry expertise continues to be a core competitive advantage, allowing us to breathe deep industry and cross-industry knowledge enterprise-wide for our clients. I want to recognize, in particular, our software and platform industry, which is approximately $4 billion in revenue. In Q4, this group celebrated 20 consecutive quarters of double-digit growth, serving as a leading partner to our clients in this hyper-growth industry.  
KC, back to you.

Sure. So great question, and thanks, Keith. So first of all, as you indicated, we've got a really strong track record. And so this step-up in acquisitions comes based on years of experience, including in fine-tuning integration. So that's number one. 
Secondly, our acquisitions happen globally. And then as I've talked about this year, they're pretty evenly balanced. And why is that important? When we switched to our model earlier this year of a geographic-focused model from a P&L perspective, one of the reasons is to allow us as well to be super close to our people. And most of these acquisitions are not global, right? 
Some are like an umlaut, but like, for example, Project Novetta in the federal business, very local. And the vast majority are in 1 or 2 markets. Like there -- and so the integration, it's not like you have this enormous company that's trying to integrate lots of people all over the globe at the same time. We have senior leaders accountable for the acquisitions. 
And so we really get the right balance, and we have our own. And so for example, when we look at this, we look at market by market, how many acquisitions are we doing in this market? So how does that enable us make sure that we can spend the time?
So this is a finely tuned approach for integration. And of course, we bring on people in acquisition or not, all the time. And so this focus on culture is just part of who we are.

Great. Well, thanks, Lisa. Nice to talk to you. So first of all, and I talked a little bit about this in the script, we are still very early in the transformation of companies in building just their digital core. So for example, if you look at something like SAP, their stats that they point out, you sort of have less than 20% of companies who've actually both bought and begun implementing S/4HANA, right? And we see the move to the cloud, you've got sort of maybe today, roughly 25% to 30% of workload. 
So there's a lot of work, which is a multiyear journey, in actually building the digital core and then, at the same time, transforming the way they work. And so we've got multiyear ahead. And even when you look at who's doing compressed transformation, you have this core of leaders and leapfroggers, but the vast majority of companies are not yet engaged in compressed transformation. 
So just from a multiyear outlook on the fundamentals of replatforming and moving to a true digital-enabled enterprises still in early stages. When you add on top of that, there are whole parts of the enterprise where even the technologies are really new. 
So Industry X is a great example of that. We see that as the next digital frontier, and we're still very, very early. And so that will be kind of its own wave as we look forward. And then areas like sustainability. Again, technology is early. Every industry has to find its way on sustainability. 
And so as we think about our own growth strategy, it starts with what our clients need. So we continue to diversify the parts of the enterprise that we're serving, and that enables -- that's what our clients need, and that enables next waves of growth for us. And we continue to innovate and anticipate, like in sustainability, what our clients need. And so when you kind of take this, you see both from serving the enterprise, the maturity of -- to that and then you add on top of that, that there are areas that are evergreen. Like Interactive, it's all about clients, the growth agenda. It's always going to change. Manufacturing will be the same. Security grows as the digital landscape grows. 
So hopefully, that gives you a flavor of how we're thinking about both our next waves of growth and just the resiliency of the diversity of what we do.

So just think of we have consulting and outsourcing, right? So managed services is just another term for outsourcing. And so if you think about our operations business, which is now about $8 billion, right, so all the managed services we provide -- or everything from finance and accounting to industry-specific, like we called out in the script, the stuff we're doing in telecom, we're doing things in insurance and both health and P&C. So we have industry specific, we have marketing services to [ move that ]. 
Then, of course, those are powerful IT services, we've been doing outsourcing for years, right, term application outsourcing is an industry term. And then we have our managed services and security. We bought Symantec last year. And so this is a core part when you think about our revenue between consulting and outsourcing. 
And the point that's happening now is that we've always done this, but what we're seeing is -- I just had a call with a CEO the other day, who's like, he started the call with like, "Julie, I'm really having a hard time hiring people in digital, right, and how are you seeing companies' health?" And we talked about how by strategically outsourcing like in security, in marketing, you can access the digital talent and it becomes part of their own talent strategy to address the war for talent, while at the same time, digitizing faster. 
I have another client that said, "Look, you had 50 things that my IT department was about to build in order for us to automate and transform, and I get it through your SynOps platform. The same, too, on the IT and infrastructure side." And of course, infrastructure managed services in the cloud, growing area as well from the move to the cloud. 
So I think the shift we were calling out, Lisa though, is just how strategic this is at a time of compressed transformation because it's meeting the needs of the war on talent and the need to digitize and the need to move fast at the same time.

Yes. And I think that's important because you look at a headline number, and then you have to kind of understand where is the attrition. And at the same time, as you might imagine, we're always very focused on making sure that we're attractive. So we're very pleased that our executive retention is going very well. I think we are -- we're very much focused on our employee value proposition. 
And when you think about the actions we've taken, like a record number of 120,000 promotions, the training that we're providing people that's really valued. And then, frankly, things like the way that we have approached vaccines, right? So we've now vaccinated 85,000 of our people and their families directly in addition to what we're supporting through -- like in the U.S., through our carriers. 
And as I talked a little bit about in the script, what we find is people really care about the fact that they are working for a company that focuses on financials and all of the other, what we call, 360-degree value. So what we're doing in sustainability, being a leader that we're going to be carbon-neutral by 2025, really matters. 
And so we continue to look at how can we help our people be net better off, succeed personally and professionally and be proud of the company that not only creates value, but leads with values.

Yes. And I just -- I think it's just to remember, taking a step back on two things. One is on the people side, we made a deliberate decision to accelerate hiring this quarter and next quarter, which given, as you said, the environment and our ability to attract people, we think makes sense so that we're not worried about being constrained with respect to people. And we're able to do that. And I think that's a huge differentiator for us. 
And secondly, we made a decision last year, and we've made a decision this year in V&A to really invest and take advantage of our ability to invest to serve our clients. And when I go to clients, one of the things that we talk about is, and clients really value, is that when they're partnering with us, they're partnering not just for the capabilities that we have today, but because we have a track record of investing year in and year out in creating and anticipating their needs. And we point to the kinds of acquisitions like in umlaut, like in Novetta, like Infinity Works and cloud that we're doing it in markets all around the world to benefit them. 
And so we believe this is really setting us up last year and this year, right, for those next waves of growth, and it's truly differentiating in the eyes of our clients.

Yes. Maybe just to add a couple of points. I'm glad you acknowledged that revenue growth is not easy. So thank you for that. But I -- just taking a step back just to make sure because I think over the last decade, we've seen a real shift in the professional services industry. The nature of the exponential technology change, and the need to help clients move faster and do so more efficiently, has meant that you need to be able to invest significantly. 
So as we think about moving forward, like the investments we've done to build SynOps, like to -- and continue to evolve it, to build industry solutions, as you mentioned, require us to continuously innovate, invest. And you saw that in our IP patent portfolio. 
And so what I would say is it's not that you sort of say, here's the revenue and then can you just fundamentally shift because there is significant cost. Having all aspects of our business grow like this is not simply because there's demand, it's the solutions we're bringing them. 
And as I've talked about in prior earnings club, it isn't linear today even because we've automated so much of what we do when you look at something like our operations business, you look at myWizard, and we continue to do so. And that's really part of the business now. 
And so I think it's important to kind of understand what's helping drive the demand for our services are -- the way we're gaining market share is not simply because there's a lot of demand in the market, but the solutions we're bringing. And this is our big differentiator because we can go all the way from strategy to operations, right? 
All of the examples we're giving involve multiple aspects of our services, and you can't just build that overnight either, right? So the fact that we're becoming integrated in talent strategy, in our outsourcing, in our -- also called managed services, is about being trusted. And the fact that we could deliver during the pandemic and be a trusted partner puts us in a very different place than others who might be trying to build these capabilities.

So I'll let KC answer specifically, but I will say that if any of us can actually predict how we're going to go to the office, I'd like to meet that person. Let's just say, it's been a humbling experience, right, how many times have we all gotten ready to go back? And I don't know about you, but like 5 different things that we're going to be impressed over the next 2 months have just come back to Zoom, so -- or Teams. So it's been an interesting time, the new normal. 
But KC, why don't you take us through to see assumptions we're using.

Yes. I mean I think we're not really sizing that today. I mean when you think about cloud, cloud is the entire enterprise. So it's sort of hard to sort of do that. What we'd say is this will be -- I mean, we're already at $5 billion, and we consider it the next digital frontier. And it's super early, right? 
Some technologies have just really been coming online in the last year or 2 that are cloud-based. And when you look at like what we're doing for example, like Vivienne Westwood, one of the largest independent global fashion companies, we're doing a new PLM solution for them. We're doing so for Alstom. Alstom, a global leader in transportation. We're doing the same in a power company [ specifically ].
The range of what we're doing is both broad-based in terms of industry. And so we do think of this as really a big growth driver for the future, but not sizing it today.

KC, do you want to answer that?

All right. Well now, time to wrap up. In closing, I want to thank all of our people and our Managing Directors for what you all do every day. Our people and actions and results in FY '21 have really put us in a terrific position as we go into FY '22 to create even more value ahead. 
And I know, I and the entire leadership team, are super excited and confident about what's to come. And I'll simply end by thanking all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support. Be well, everyone. Thanks.