Thank you, Angie, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We are very pleased with our excellent financial results for both the second quarter and the first half of fiscal year '18. 
For the quarter, we again delivered strong double-digit revenue growth, which was broad-based across all dimensions of our business. We continue to grow ahead of the market and are clearly gaining significant market share. I am particularly pleased with our record new bookings. The very strong demand we are seeing especially in digital, cloud and security demonstrate that we continue to provide clients with highly differentiated and relevant services. 
Here are a few highlights for the second quarter and year-to-date. We delivered excellent new bookings of $10.3 billion for the quarter and $20.2 billion for the first half. We grew revenues 10% in local currency for both the quarter and year-to-date. We delivered outstanding earnings per share for the quarter of $1.58 on an adjusted basis, a 19% increase. And for the first half, EPS grew 16% on an adjusted basis. Operating margin was 13.4% for the quarter and 14.5% for the first half, a contraction of 20 basis points year-to-date. We generated very strong free cash flow of $791 million for the quarter and nearly $1.7 billion year-to-date. And we continue to return substantial cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, including $2.2 billion year-to-date. Today, we announced a semiannual cash dividend of $1.33 per share, which will bring total dividend payment for the year to $2.66 per share, a 10% increase over last year.
So as we move into second half of fiscal year '18, I feel very good about the momentum in our business. We are raising our business outlook for revenues, earning per share and free cash flow, and I am confident in our ability to deliver another strong year. 
Now let me hand over to David, who will review the numbers in greater detail. David, over to you.

Thank you, David. Our excellent performance in the second quarter and year-to-date demonstrate that we have the right growth strategy and that we are executing extremely well. With 10% revenue growth in local currency in the first half, we continue to grow much faster than the market, and indeed, we have outperformed our basket of competitors for now 16 consecutive quarters, 4 full years. Our strong and durable performance reflects our ability to rapidly scale our market-leading position in "the New": digital; cloud; and security services. And for the first half, revenues from "the New" were nearly $11 billion, more than 55% of total revenues and continued to grow at a very strong double-digit rate. The accelerated rotation of our business reflect the significant investment we have made over the last few years, including record investments last year in strategic acquisitions, in building assets and solutions and in hiring and developing the most relevant talent.
Let me bring you to light in 2 key parts of our business: Accenture Interactive; and Accenture Security. With Accenture Interactive, we are scaling to further strengthen our leadership position. And for the last 2 years, we were recognized by Advertising Age as the world's largest provider of digital marketing services. Just this month, Walt Disney Studios named Accenture Interactive, along with Fjord, an innovation partner for its new StudioLab. With our expertise in strategy, design and technology along with our deep industry experience and the applied R&D capabilities of Accenture Labs, we are helping Disney apply emerging technologies, [indiscernible], artificial intelligence and the Internet of Things to create the future of entertainment. And we continue to invest in Accenture Interactive to enhance our capabilities and market differentiation, including 4 acquisitions we made in the first half: Mackevision, a leading producer of 3D and immersive content in Germany; Altima, a French digital commerce agency; Rothco, a creative agency in Ireland; and MATTER, a design and innovation firm in the U.S.
We are also rapidly scaling Accenture Security. Less than 3 years ago, we committed to building a market-leading cybersecurity business to help clients become more resilient to cyber threats. Today, Accenture Security is one of the largest providers in the market, approaching $2 billion in annual revenues. Our security business benefit significantly from Accenture's global scale. And we tailor industry-specific solutions across the full range of security services, including identity and access management, cyber defense, managed security, and strategy and risk. We are helping a leading insurance company transform its cyber defense with an advanced threat and incident response program, including automation and training for their people, which has dramatically reduced the time to detect and respond to threats.
Accenture has unique ability to scale "the New". With the width and scope of services we provide end-to-end, from strategy and consulting to digital technology and operations, together with our deep industry expertise, we are positioned at the core of our client's largest transformation products. We are working with The Hershey Company on global transformation program with SAP S/4HANA, designed to streamline manufacturing and supply chain processes, gain real-time customer insight, to improve decision-making and accelerate innovation to drive growth. 
And we continue to work with clients on mission-critical integrations. We helped DBS Bank, the largest bank in Southeast Asia, with a successful positive merger integration of the wealth management and retail banking businesses acquired from ANZ Bank in 5 key markets, including Indonesia, Taiwan and Singapore.
Now turning to the geographic dimension of our business. I'm particularly pleased that we continue to deploy our capabilities in "the New" at scale in the largest markets around the world. In North America, we delivered 8% growth in local currency, led by another uptick in growth in the United States. In Europe, we had another quarter of double-digit growth with 10% in local currency, driven by strong double-digit growth in Germany, Italy, France and Spain. And I'm especially pleased that given our significant market share and gains over the last few years in Europe, we are now positioned as the market leader. And we delivered another excellent quarter in Growth Markets with 15% revenue growth in local currency. Japan, again, led the way with very strong double-digit growth. But we had double-digit growth as well in Australia, Brazil and Singapore.
Before turning back to David, I want to say a few words about innovation. And now, we are building scale through continued investments in our unique innovation architecture, which integrates our capabilities from research, ventures and labs to studio innovation centers and delivery centers. To bring even more innovation to clients, we have built a global network of more than 100 world-class centers, where we collaborate with clients and co-create innovative digital solutions. And we are extending this network to be even closer to clients. In the last few months, we opened new innovation hubs in Zürich, Tokyo, Boston and Columbus. We launched a new Liquid Studio in Madrid, and we opened our newest industrial IoT innovation center in Modena, Italy. 
Quite simply, innovation is at the heart of everything we do at Accenture. And we will continue to invest not only to scale our current capability in "the New", but also to anticipate the next waves  of technology and business disruptions to keep Accenture ahead of the curve in "the New".
So with that, I will turn the call over to David to provide our updated business outlook. David, over to you.

Yes, indeed. Our consulting business, as you've seen, has become stronger and stronger. And you've seen specially, we are very pleased with the bookings we see in our consulting business. The rotation to "the New" is a factor explaining that we are getting more consulting business, but as well the rotation to "the New" is consulting that is as well creating a ripple effect with the rest of Accenture. So it has a good contribution in the full range of all services from strategy to consulting, digital and technology and as well, operations. So "the New" is really impacting across the board. But we see very positive impact in our strategy and consulting business as well as in-system integration. Bookings are very strong and if bookings are very strong, it's because we have a good win and conversion rate.

Yes. I mean good question. Now, we could say, "the New" is the business of Accenture. So I think we will continue talking about rotation to "the New" because what we believe at Accenture is, the waves of this new emerging disruptive technologies will continue coming at an incredible pace. That's why we continue to talk about "the New" because today, we've been talking a lot about interactive, mobility, analytics, cloud, security. But we know that to some extent the next "the New", if I could use that language, is coming fast in term of immersive realities, blockchain, even quantum gate and all this technology. So "the New" is Accenture. Now the remaining core is pretty solid, and we are pleased with that because, frankly, we have invested as well to continue modernizing the core. So we didn't play defense, which is something we don't like to do at Accenture, frankly, but we play attack by modernizing our core business. And I'm thinking about what we've been doing in term of bringing a lot of robotic and automations in our services in term of application outsourcing, in term of business process services. So we improve and increase the competitiveness of our services vis-a-vis of our clients. And by the way, it does reflect in the good growth we had in technology and operations. So we don't let the core down. We invest in the core, we play in the stack, we modernize, and we continue to be a very strong player and leader in the core.

I'm going to give a quick one. No change.

Yes, so let me take on -- on Accenture Interactive, and I clearly understand your question. When you look in the typical business of the agencies, there are things we are competing against and things we are not doing at all. And the things we are not doing at all is -- all is -- in this buying business you have in the agencies, and this business is trending down significantly, as we all know. So we are not in this typical part of the business. Where we are focused on is clearly, the high growth part of this digital marketing of our [indiscernible] where, what we're calling, brand mix creativity enabled by technology. This is the sweet spot we decided to invest in, and we benefit from the investment. Second is, we are certainly one of the very few, if not unique, to provide a full range of services against our mentality of end-to-end from design to production services to commerce services to analytic services, and now we're launching intelligent marketing services. So we have these full range of technologies from experience to enabling the customer to wand magic of marketing in digital, but as well with the physical experience what we now calling the physical, the combination of physical and digital. And three, it's just the leverage of the full scale and footprint of Accenture. Just bear in mind, we are among the very few, if you compare to any of our competitors, to operate in more than 50 markets or 50 countries. We are covering more than 15 industries, I guess, 19. So when you look at the depth and breadth of our footprint, we have the opportunity to grow in much more industries and in much more markets bringing these end-to-end capabilities, highly differentiated and targeted in high-growth areas. Proof point, [indiscernible] as an illustration, we acquired now 3 or 4 years ago, with around 150 people, maybe 160. Now there are more than thousand people creating the largest experience agency in the world. This is the leverage which is provided by Accenture and this leverage opportunity is absolutely second to none in the marketplace.

Yes, of course. I think, frankly, Financial Services, by and large, if you look these last years, has been strong. It is an industry. I mean despite all the halo effects around that industry, it's an industry which is still investing a lot in technology because Financial Services is all about tech. And they have to invest if they want to stay relevant. Now you have some very specific areas of growth. I'm thinking about risk and regulatory management. You know what's happening in financial services. There is a lot on regulatory requirements across the world, especially in Europe. We have the Basel II, the Basel III, the -- I mean, in insurance, the solvency, in capital market, they have their own regulation as well. And then you have all the risk management, which is a very hot place in Financial Services for all the reasons we know. So it's creating a significant market, so all what we call -- we are calling R&R, risk and regulatory management. Of course, the other part is all is related to omni-channel management. In Financial Services and in banking, you need now have an omni-channel architecture with your physical branches where you're adding your digital capabilities. And all of this should create a seamless customer experience, all of this has to be built. So you need a lot of strategic work to create this experience architecture and then, you need to build the digital platforms, and all "the New" related processes. And maybe three, is data. Financial Services is an industry where you are mining tons of data, tons of information. And all this concept for the banks mining their own data, I'm talking about the data of the banks, to find new business models that could create value is very important. So the activity there, you mentioned Europe rightfully, because in Europe -- it's true in the U.S. but it's very true in Europe, the retail business is pretty different because the interest rate are pretty low. So when your interest rate are pretty lower, you're not delivering the same profit in your core business, the retail business. So you need to do something in order to uplift your growth and to improve our margin. So Financial Services is under pressure. But again, it's like the other businesses. They are under pressure, so they are looking for new capabilities, new business model, and this is where we positioned our services.

With great pleasure. I mean, it's indeed, we -- as I said before, if you are looking at Accenture, it's called "the New" and the new, new. And I encourage all of you, and I will mention that in few minutes to participate to the IR Day, because we will reveal a lot about the new, new, and what next. So I'm going to give to you some flavor on the blockchain, on the artificial intelligence. On the blockchain, we have more and more projects. And again, what we see is, we're starting to move from typically prototypes and proof-of-concept, the famous PoC, to project we're starting to get some scale. We're not yet there. But I think, we're starting to see what's most important with blockchain, what are the relevant areas where blockchain could create value. And that's what we are doing in our labs. This is what we are doing with co-innovation with our partners. When you have a new technology, the big question is, how you create business and value out of this new tech? This is what we are doing currently with accounts of several bank in Singapore. This is what we've been doing -- so it's in the banking environment, where we see a lot of application of blockchain. Capital market as well. This is what we are doing with the exchange in Australia. Very recently, we announced new opportunities and -- in the shipping industry with a subsidiary of CMA CGM, which is one of the largest shipping company in the world, in the contract management. So we see the payment, we see the transaction exchange, and we see a lot around document and contract management. That's what we're starting to explore is as well around tracking and full security, or security in tracking the supply chain. So payment, transaction exchange, contract management, tracking of the supply chain, these are kind of 4 applied opportunity on the blockchain. On artificial intelligence, probably, would take 2 days to mention all the opportunities we see in applying the artificial intelligence across the globe. But clearly, the way we look at it, because we are absolutely obsessed by applying technology to create value and not choosing this as a kind of growth and high swings, where at the end of the day, you don't know exactly what to do with it. So that's why we call applied intelligence and not artificial intelligence unit. Pushing the people to deliver value to our clients with deep agility. Today, we are really focusing around analytics plus machine learning, and then you're putting the algorithmic of artificial intelligence on top of it. It's playing a lot with data. It's playing a lot in the manufacturing industry where now you have tons of sensors where you can mine the data and do things such as predictive maintenance, just to mention one of an obvious application. But we see a lot of artificial intelligence in the predictive business. Massive application in healthcare and life science. Couldn't be more pleased with the partnership we made with Roche in the cancer research, when we are working on they have, which is called a tumor board, where we are indeed bringing machine learning and algorithmic artificial intelligence to improve cancer diagnosis and of course, recommendation for that patient. I can speak forever, but I think we don't have time, Angie.

Yes, I mean, it's always -- just saying, when you're starting something new, it's more rich, if you will, in term of services, in term of strategy, consulting and high-end tech. That's the way you start. And when this new businesses are starting to mature in the [ X curve ], if you will, then you're adding more of the -- I mean, delivery services, more of the operation services, coming behind. Take security services, for instance. We started with security strategy, identity, cyber threat, and we added managed security services. So the new, new is clearly more around the high-end tech, high-end consulting to bring the industry expertise. And this is what we see with -- I mean, to mention, the 3 new, new, and you will know more again at the IR Day, I'm doing a bit of advertising for the IR Day, around immersive realities, blockchain technologies and artificial intelligence and security services. So it's more on the consulting/high-end tech.

All right. So it's time to wrap up. And thanks, again, for joining us today on this call. I mean, just in closing, I mean, clearly, with the strong momentum in our business, our market-leading position in "the New", we feel very confident in our ability to continue gaining market share and driving value for clients, our people and our shareholders. We really look forward to talking with you again next quarter, and also to seeing many of you in person in our Investor and Analyst Conference. I'd mentioned many time in the call, in New York, on April 25. In the meantime, if you have any questions, of course, please feel free to connect and call Angie and her team. All the best. Talk to you soon, and see you in New York.