Thank you, Angie, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. 
Accenture had a truly outstanding third quarter. We delivered excellent results from new bookings and revenues to operating margin, EPS and cash flow, and we gained significant market share once again. The durability of our performance demonstrates the relevance of our growth strategy and our ability to continue delivering strong results and returns for shareholders while, at the same time, investing significantly in new growth opportunities to strengthen our position for the long term.
Here are a few highlights from the quarter. We delivered record new bookings of $11.7 billion. We grew revenues 11% in local currency to $10.3 billion, and our growth continues to be well balanced across the dimensions of our business. 
We delivered earnings per share of $1.79 on an adjusted basis, an 18% increase. Operating margin was 15.7%, an expansion of 20 basis points on an adjusted basis. We generated very strong free cash flow of $1.8 billion. And we returned approximately $1.6 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and the payment of our semiannual dividend. 
So we are entering the fourth quarter with excellent momentum in our business, and I feel confident that we are very well positioned to deliver our business outlook for the year. 
Now let me hand over to David who will review the numbers in greater detail. David, over to you.

Thank you, David. At our Investor and Analyst Conference in April, we provided an update on our strategy of building differentiated capabilities for the digital world, applying innovation at scale and ensuring that we anticipate the impact of the next waves of technology disruption for our clients. 
Our excellent results for the third quarter demonstrate that we continued to execute this strategy very well. The end-to-end capabilities we have built at scale and in an industry context are unique in the marketplace. Our ability to integrate these services from strategy and consulting to digital technology operations and cybersecurity enables us to deliver targeted business outcomes for clients.
Our rapid rotation to "the New", Digital, Cloud and Security, continues to drive significant growth for Accenture. Revenues in "the New" again grew at a very strong double-digit rate in the third quarter and accounted for about 60% of total revenues for the first time, highlighting that "the New" has now become the core of our business.
Digital transformation is now a clear imperative for our clients, and we are uniquely positioned to deploy digital services end-to-end at scale across industries and geographies. With Accenture Applied Intelligence, we are bringing together our capabilities in data, analytics and artificial intelligence combined with our deep understanding of industries and business functions to help clients reimagine their core processes. 
With the FEMSA, a Coca-Cola bottler in Mexico, we are leveraging the Accenture Insights Platform to mine the data from 2 billion transactions a year to provide a holistic view of the business, better service 300,000 daily customers and significantly increase market share. 
We are also gaining significant traction with Accenture Industry X.0 where we are reinventing manufacturing with smart, connected products and services using advanced technologies, including the Internet of Things, connected devices and digital platforms. 
We are helping BSA Group, the Italian manufacturer, expand beyond products into digital services. BSA is rolling out connected services ranging from management alerts to in-depth analytics across its installed base of 20,000 industrial machines, driving new revenue streams as well as significant cost savings. 
And we continue to build our Industry X.0 capabilities. This month, we announced our agreement to acquire designaffairs, a design firm based in Germany that specializes in smart products and services for manufacturers. It complements very well our acquisition of Mackevision in the second quarter.
Accenture also remained the partner of choice for the world's leading companies on large-scale, mission-critical transformation programs. And our ability to mobilize and integrate end-to-end services to deliver value and business outcomes is clearly setting us apart in the marketplace. We are helping DowDuPont with the postmerger integration of Dow Chemical and DuPont as well as preparations for their planned spin-offs. 
We have expanded the scope of our services to include substantial work in digital, strategy and management consulting with the goal of enabling each of the future companies with the distinctive capabilities needed to lead in their respective markets.
Turning now to the geographic dimension of our business. I'm just very pleased that we again delivered strong growth in the third quarter across all 3 of our geographic regions with double-digit growth in most of our major markets.
Starting in North America. We delivered 11% growth driven by further acceleration in the United States. 
In Europe, revenues grew 9% in local currency driven by strong double-digit growth in Germany, Italy, Ireland, France and Spain. 
And in Growth Market, I'm delighted that we delivered another exceptional quarter with 17% growth in local currency led once again by very strong double-digit growth in Japan as well as double-digit growth in Australia, Brazil and Singapore.
Before I hand it back to David, I want to take a moment to touch on Accenture's role in helping to solve important societal challenges. Trust and responsibility are increasingly critical in evaluating companies as a potential partner, employer or investment. And at Accenture, we feel a responsibility to encourage the use of emerging technologies as a positive force for the economy and the broader society. For example, we are using blockchain and value metrics to support ID2020, which is helping to solve the challenges of identity faced by more than 1.1 billion people around the world.
In Japan, we use artificial intelligence and machine learning to create a revolutionary system to dispatch emergency vehicles more quickly, ultimately saving lives. 
And I'm particularly proud of the work our people do across the Accenture Labs in Bangalore, Dublin, San Francisco and Sophia Antipolis to use cutting-edge technologies in innovative ways through our Tech4Good initiative like AI smartphone solution that helps the blind navigate the world and lead more productive lives. Creating innovative solutions that improve the way the world works and lives is our mission at Accenture and quite simply the right thing to do. 
With that, I will turn the call over to David to provide our updated business outlook. David, again, over to you.

Maybe I can jump on this one because nobody's asking me any questions. They're all for you, David, so I'm jumping on it. You mentioned that we had evolved the terminology, but of course, it's more than the terminology. And the reality is that we are constantly evolving the content of our capabilities in "the New." Accenture Interactive has been there since day 1, no change. We continue growing, developing and scaling. We had Accenture Mobility around enterprise apps and Connected Platform, we evolve now to Industry X.0 to build a capability totally focused on smart and digital manufacturing. Same thing we've been doing with Accenture Analytics. We started with -- we upgraded this year to Accenture Applied Intelligence by adding on top of the Analytics machine learning and Applied Intelligence. So it's important for all of you to understand that almost every year or every couple of years, we will always significantly improve, upgrade what we're calling "the New" to make sure we are always ahead of the curve and bringing innovation at the heart of our existing capabilities.

No, I think for us it's important we're growing strategy, management consulting and intelligent platforms, so the added value part of our system integration because it's demonstrating that what we are selling is highly differentiated, is more at the high end of the value chain of our services. And of course, it is important in the context of contributing to our margin and ultimately profitability. So I'm very pleased that we moved strategic consulting to a high single digit. I think this is a good place to be, and it's a demonstration that our services are more and more differentiated with that piece, which is clearly around industry-specific solutions and very cutting-edge consulting work. Same with Application Services, the system integration piece is on fire, right, and especially with what we are calling the intelligent platforms. So all these new digital, artificial intelligence, analytic-rich platforms where we are leading with all of them, to be honest, in the marketplace. And again, it's a significant contributor to our rotation to "the New". So it's a sign of good health. You're absolutely right.

Yes.

I mean, CMT, we talked a lot about CMT these last years. Needless to say, it's a set of industries under massive transformation if you take the different components, high-tech, telecom and what we call software and platforms. Software and platforms are the driving force of the growth in terms of CMT because these companies are investing massively in the context of leading in the market. So here, the business is to support the leaders providing -- I mean, you know well the names, the leading platforms in the marketplace. So we're supporting them in supporting their growth and we are the enabler of that growth. On the other side of the spectrum, you will find telecom. Telecom is more transformation. These companies are facing significant challenges and you know now they're [ locked ] in some massive M&A consolidation and so a lot's happening, including they're all launching new networks. We're moving from -- we have been moving from the 3 to the fourth to the fifth GB. You put the fiber on top of it, so they need to continue investing. And again, they need people like us to support their transformation as well as being an enabler of their network implementation. And then in between, you have the high-tech and high-tech companies again are not only CMT company, but they are enablers of many industries in providing the equipment, providing the technology. And I'm extremely pleased with the progress we're making in high-tech across-the-board, especially with some recent excellent progress we have made with aerospace and defense where we decided to focus on as a very promising industry. And with the focus we put as an illustration on this industry, it's as well a good contributor to our overall growth. So 3 different segments with 3 different set of issues, but we are the enabler of their change, their transformation, and ultimately their leadership in the marketplace.

I tend to believe it's more structurally achieved than something which is more cyclical on the short term and for many reasons. I mean, first, it's incredibly pervasive across all the industries. So when you look at our rotation to "the New," it's amazingly consistent across all our industries, whatever you're taking the B2C and now the B2B. Same thing, it's amazingly consistent across the world. When you look at the rotation to "the New" from the U.S. to Europe to Brazil, Australia and Japan, you see the same level of demand across the world. So it's something, which is extremely significant. Next, when you look at this IT revolution and let's call that digital revolution, it's coming through waves. So it's got one thing: it is now a continuous flow of new technologies coming one after the other to change the game. So we started with some basic Internet technology solution, more on the B2C. Now we're moving to look at it everything connected. If you look at this, that would be a big market in itself. So what we're calling the Internet of Things but everything connected. Then you move to the artificial intelligence at large and everybody would believe we are more at the very beginning of this wave than anything else. Then the blockchain, we talked in last 3 years and we incubated, now it's starting to pick up. And by the way, we have put our act together, we have made significant investments and now we're taking a position of leader in these blockchain technologies. And it's not enough. You're moving to immersive realities, virtual realities. And then you have the new IT, the new ways of developing system, dev ops, agile. And then I can continue with quantum computing. So look at the series of incredible digital disrupt -- technology disruptions where in the past probably you would have one for 40 years. Now you have one every 18 months. So I tend to believe that we are in a true force revolution, industrial revolution, based on digital and it's something, which is going to be more secular than cyclical.

We have no issue. I mean, to make it, I know that -- I think this data when you look at this and you take a bit your microscope, you will see some tick-up in the attrition, but we are in the zone as David said, I mean, rightfully. The reality is are we able to attract the best talent in the marketplace, sometime we're calling them iconic talents from the outside? The answer is yes. Are we retaining our best managing directors? We have, and we have now 7,000 managing directors. The level of attrition is incredibly low in the ranks of managing directors. Every day, we have people willing to join Accenture. And finally, our brand is attractive and the brand is attractive because of the success of the rotation to "the New" and the pivot we've been executed to be now perceived, and it's not a perception, it's the reality, as a highly innovative company accommodating multiple cultures in the same company from designers to business scientists to the more classic programmers and developers and to people extraordinary knowledgeable in leading and cutting-edge IT. Plus all the effort we made to make Accenture what we're calling truly human Tech4Good, what I mentioned in my script. All of this is creating an environment, which I tend to believe is Accenture is very attractive. Evidence is recently we won many awards in term of the best place to work, most attractive place to work. And I'm very pleased that you're giving me the opportunity to mention that, that we're not only the best place to work for, everybody does as well, with a great sense of diversity in it. So we have received many recognition for women, for LGBT and I'm extremely pleased that we are attractive for everybody, as we should. All the talent, all the background, all the different gender and all the diversity. And we have a good brand supporting that.

I mean, as you know, Rod, we're working with all the usual suspects from a platform standpoint. So I would mention the names you all know in the leading platform from SAP, Oracle, Microsoft, Salesforce.com, Workday, to mention maybe the names everybody would know. All these platform and software provider did their rotation to "the New". So the one that were not in the cloud are now in the cloud and all of them they have added features in term of analytics, in term of artificial intelligence insight. That's why now we're calling them at Accenture intelligent platforms because they are not anymore the old ERP we knew. They are ERP in the cloud, rich in term of new functionalities, analytics and artificial intelligence. So this market has been very good for Accenture. We've been driving excellent growth from our let's call that the ERP business or intelligent platform business. We have -- I mean, we are again the partner of choice. And the market is vibrant as well because many clients have been waiting for the new platforms to arrive, to upgrade and move. And I believe we are more again at the beginning of this wave of replacing the old ERP with the new one because it's going to drive a lot of benefits in terms of again leveraging the cloud, leveraging analytics and leveraging artificial intelligence. So we have a very strong position. We organize our capabilities in our operating group as well in Accenture Technology to have at-scale capabilities to support all these leading platforms and we are getting a very good return.

I would say all our New babies have the potential to grow successfully for many years. Now in the family, some are already operating at scale, grown-up. I mean, you mentioned Accenture Interactive, now 3 years in a row #1 in Advertising Age as the fastest-growing and largest digital experience agency. By the way, I'm pleased that you give me the opportunity to mention to the whole group that we won 7 awards at the Cannes Lions with an acquisition we made in Dublin with a company called Rothco. So we are in the interactive game big time. We are winning not only awards, but as well big clients. So with Accenture Interactive, it's scaled to lead, if you will. It's more mature than the others. Next, I would mention certainly Cloud as well is more scaled to lead. So these 2 are scaled to lead. The Applied Intelligence is, as well, has a very significant scale, but the name of the game for us is to infuse the latest cutting-edge artificial and algorithmic technologies in that unit we're calling Applied Intelligence. And then we have two with a big potential to grow because they are not yet operating at the same scale. I'm thinking about Accenture Security, where we have put together all our cybersecurity capabilities, and it's growing. David would say strong double digit, I would probably add hyper-strong double digits just to give you a sense of it's a bit more than strong double digit. And the last one we launched with Industry X.0 I mentioned, which is all the digital applied to manufacturing. This is clearly for us a significant investment we're going to make this year and in the coming 3 years because it's all about replicating to the B2B industries the success we have with the B2C. And we're making good progress, and I'm pleased. And more to come because every year, we're going to launch new capabilities in "the New" when they will mature.

This is the way we are in France. We love all of them.

It's getting more and more transformational. I mean, you're right. I mean, the first waves you always fight to catch the low-hanging fruit that's going that way. And the low-hanging fruit, for instance, would be I'm taking my current applications, no change, no transformation and I move that to the cloud just to benefit from the cost difference with the classic infrastructure, what you're calling the migration. So we've seen some of the journey to the cloud. You're taking the existing, you lift and drop to the cloud and you're making the benefits. You still have some of this work, of course. But what I find and I found very interesting is, indeed, the market is shifting at these results and our clients to using digital as more transformational. For instance, when you move or change from the existing ERP to a new ERP in the cloud and then you're using the Analytics, apply the artificial intelligence features in order to drive more value in the company in term of forecasting, for instance, or other activities, then it is more transformational. As we speak, we're working in some very large organization in CMT again in the context of aerospace and defense to deploy these new digital platforms from engineering services to production to cross-sell end-to-end with 3D features in it and so on. It's truly transformational and it's not just the low-hanging fruit simple migration. So we see more and more now as the market is maturing and as the leaders are understanding better the power of the digital transformation, the shift from simple migration to drive the easy cost to a more profound digital transformation to win the big prize. So from the low-hanging fruit to the big prize, this is the difference with the migration to the transformation. We see more of those.

Yes. I mean, thanks a lot again to all of you for joining us on today's call. In closing, and I'm sure you heard that throughout the call, we and I feel very good about where we are. We feel confident in our ability to finish the year strong. We believe that with the highly differentiated capability we have built in "the New", our continued investments across Accenture and the disciplined management of our business, we are extremely well positioned to continue driving profitable growth and delivering value for our clients, our people and our shareholders. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. And in the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to call Angie and the team. All the best, and thanks again for joining and supporting Accenture.