Thank you, Angie, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Today, we are proud to announce outstanding financial results for the second quarter of fiscal '21 and our return to pre-COVID level financial results a quarter earlier than we expected and with a tough compare.  
Let's first go back 12 months ago. On March 19, only 8 days after the pandemic was declared, when we were all together to announce our outstanding fiscal year '20 Q2 financial results, results you may not remember because, at the time, we were all focused on the go-forward potential impact of the pandemic. In Q2 of fiscal year '20, we had 8% revenue growth in local currency, our then highest bookings ever of $14.2 billion and strong underlying profitability and free cash flow. We also announced that 18 clients that quarter had bookings over $100 million.  
With this backdrop of fiscal year '20 Q2, the significance of this Q2's results in fiscal year '21 becomes even more clear. We have delivered 5.4% revenue growth in local currency, which includes a reduction of 2 percentage points from a decline in revenue from reimbursable travel costs; meaning apples to apples, 5.4% is in the zone of fiscal year '20 Q2 revenue when you exclude the travel costs-related revenue. We have delivered bookings of $16 billion, beating our previous record set in Q2 last year by $1.8 billion, and we have delivered strong profitability and free cash flow. This quarter, 18 clients had bookings over $100 million, and we continued to take market share faster than pre COVID. 
In H1, we have accelerated our investment in V&A with approximately $1.1 billion of capital deployed, and we are increasing our programmatic V&A investment to at least $2 billion for FY '21 from the $1.7 billion we previously communicated. And for the last 12 months, we have remained consistent. We gave guidance every quarter which we met or beat. We deliberately invested in our people and preserved our talent to continue to serve our clients as demand came back, and we continued to significantly invest in our business and our communities. And throughout, we have lived our core values, including maintaining without pause our commitment to make more progress on diversity and inclusion and sustainability.  
These financial results reflect these choices, the strength of our core values and the power of our laser-focus on creating client value and being a trusted partner as well as our incredibly talented people, strong ecosystem relationships and the resilience of our growth strategy as well as the substantial investments we have made year in and year out since we set out to be the leader in digital, cloud and security and continuous innovation. They also reflect the operational rigor and discipline that long has been a hallmark of our success. I want to thank our people for their hard work and continued dedication to our clients and for delivering on our commitments.  
KC, over to you.

Thank you, KC. Let me start with the environment. We continued to see compressed transformation, where companies have to simultaneously transform multiple parts of their enterprise and reskill their people in what previously would have been sequential programs. They're doing so to replatform their businesses in the cloud, address cost pressures, build resilience and security, adjust their operations and customer experiences and find new sources of growth.  
COVID has hit a giant fast-forward button to the future, and we believe the demand to innovate at unprecedented speed and scale with rapid adoption of cloud, AI and other disruptive technologies is accelerating. For digital leaders, we see them no longer strictly competing for market share but to build their vision of the future faster than the competition. And for digital laggards, they are determined to not simply catch up but to leapfrog.  
While COVID has accelerated the demand, the reality is that the extent of transformation ahead is enormous. The move from approximately 20% to 80% in the cloud alone is a huge undertaking. And it is just the start as companies will then continue to invest to grow and innovate on their new cloud foundations, which leads me to the role we are playing.  
In Q2, our engines of growth across Accenture have roared to life to meet these needs of our clients, and we see strong momentum going into Q3. I will share some color and examples.  
We called the "once in a digital era" replatforming of businesses into the cloud in September 2020, when we created Accenture Cloud First to bring industry, cloud and state-of-the-art change management and transformation together. We saw this quarter's strong double-digit growth in cloud overall as well as the subset of Accenture Cloud First which growth was even higher. Intelligent platform services, which is essential to building the digital core of our clients, is back to high single-digit growth as companies resume this critical aspect of their transformation. 
Applied intelligence with our data and AI solutions and security, both sizable but still in the early stages of the scale we expect long term, both had strong double-digit growth in Q2. Operations grew double-digits as companies seek to digitize their enterprises, leveraging our deep industry and functional expertise in AI-driven SynOps platform. Interactive improved and grew high single digits, as companies continue to shift to digital channels, meet cost efficiencies around sales and marketing to invest in new capabilities, seek more data-driven marketing campaigns and compete for customers and employees on the experience they provide. Industry X, which is helping diversify our sources of revenue in the enterprise, grew strong double digits, driven by the need for product engineers to accelerate the time to market of smarter and more sustainable products and the need to enhance the efficiency and flexibility of manufacturing facilities and the ability to interconnect machines and operate remotely. 
These engines of growth are multiservice, bringing the best of Accenture's strategy in consulting, interactive technology and operation services together to create value. We are distinctive because no other competitor has our scale and breadth of services which allows us to seamlessly serve the different dimensions of compressed transformations. We also are able to give our clients speed and cost levers through our managed services to digitize using our assets and platforms and address cost pressures. Furthermore, our distinctive capabilities in industry, innovation and investment are clear differentiators. Our strong strategy and consulting practitioners bring deep industry expertise to all functions of the enterprise and help bring together our services to deliver to our clients, often informed by cross-industry insights such as for payments and omnichannel engagement.  
Our ability and commitment to consistently invest in acquisitions, R&D and our people is unmatched in our industry. And our clients know that through our investments and focus on innovation, we will help future-proof them, such as our innovation in emerging technologies like the work Accenture Labs is doing, testing applications using neuromorphic computing, where circuits are modeled after systems in the human brain and nervous system to deliver new AI capabilities. And our 360-degree value strategy, which seeks to bring talent upskilling, diversity and inclusion and sustainability to our work, is resonating with our clients as they seek to make progress as they transform.  
Two great examples of compressed transformation, strong leaders and our 360-degree value strategy are AIG and Shiseido. We are partnering with AIG, a leading global insurance organization, to help them drive their AIG 200 program, which is designed to achieve underwriting excellence, modernize their operating infrastructure, enhance user and customer experience and become a more unified company. This quarter, we acquired AIG's shared services operations, which we will transform to serve AIG to create a modern digital shared services platform with end-to-end processes that will improve the user experience using our SynOps platform. And consistent with our 360-degree value strategy, we are investing in upskilling our new employees.  
We have entered into a strategic partnership with Shiseido, a leading global beauty company headquartered in Japan. Shiseido has launched a fundamental business transformation aiming to become a global leader in premium skin beauty by 2030 under its new medium- to long-term strategy WIN 2023 and Beyond. We are partnering with Shiseido to accelerate digital transformation and create personalized and seamless customer experiences; design, develop and implement a cloud-based system that will help it adopt processes that enable continuous financial reporting, better forecasting accuracy and more precise inventory management. We are helping them use AI, analytics and automation to create new business value and helping their employees gain high-level digital skills.
We are working with Specsavers, the U.K.-based leader in optometry, audiology and other health care services, to reimagine and transform their entire IT organization through our Living Systems approach. We are leveraging new ways of working and agile foundations to capture efficiencies and reduce costs while positioning the company for growth and diversification to drive business resilience. With our managed security services, we are helping a central bank in Asia strengthen their resilience against cyber threats and build in the flexibility to securely grow their payment transactions from millions to billions at speed and scale.  
Our Industry X team is helping Formula 1 relaunch its F1 TV Grand Prix Racing product by using the cloud-based Accenture video solution, live streams from 20 trackside and onboard cameras and a growing range of connected devices. We are continuously innovating to embed intelligence in their platform to deliver the best possible viewer experience.  
Now let me turn to Accenture's greatest and undeniable competitive advantage, our nearly 537,000 people. They are at the heart of our outstanding results. Fundamental to our core values is to care deeply for our people, and we place significant importance on providing a meaningful employee experience. 
For almost every person around the world, living and working during the pandemic has been challenging. To help our people succeed both professionally and personally during this time, we have put in place many programs. For example, we are partnering with Bright Horizons in the U.S. through development of an innovative program for school-aged children to receive proctoring for their virtual studies and homework. We have extended telemedicine to parents of our employees in India. And we are providing industry-leading mental wellness programs, including Thriving Mind, a holistic well-being program that teaches us about the science behind stress and how to recharge your brain's battery. We are proud that more than 160,000 of our people have completed the program with impressive results, including nearly 9 out of 10 participants reported feeling significantly better able to handle challenges in the workplace.  
Equally important is our focus on vibrant career paths. We have maintained pay increases, bonuses and promotions, both in our normal December time period as well as an added round of promotions in February, enabling us to promote in total at the same level as the prior year. Additionally, we will expand our regular midyear promotions this coming June to include managing directors, a first in our company's history, as one more way we continue to create new opportunities for our people. And today, we are announcing a special onetime bonus for all of our people below managing director to recognize the contributions and dedication to our clients during this difficult year.  
Continuous learning also is a defining feature of Accenture. We continued to invest in our people and their market-leading skills with a 28% increase in training hours and 25% increase in hours per person just this quarter.  
And coming back to our ability to attract talent. We know that people want to work for companies that not only create value but also lead with values. We are proud this quarter to have been named for the 14th consecutive year on Ethisphere's World's Most Ethical Companies list and for the 19th consecutive year on Fortune's World's Most Admired Companies.  
Our strategic decision to preserve our talent last year, including our recorders -- recruiters, provided a strong base to meet the surge in demand we have experienced. Recruiting, hiring and managing supply and demand has always been a core competency, and we are confident in our ability to attract talent and continue to meet the increased demand. We increased hiring approximately 50% both year-over-year and since last quarter, and we've onboarded over 100,000 people virtually over the last 12 months with new innovative approaches.  
I would like to recognize the extraordinary leadership and efforts of our Chief Leadership and Human Resources Officer, Ellyn Shook, and her outstanding team around the globe for how they have helped care for our people throughout the pandemic, guided us through health and safety of COVID, are ensuring that we are continuously reskilling our people and have helped us manage and realize the incredible expansion of our talent to meet the needs of our clients.  
Over to you, KC, for a look ahead.

Yes. And Tien-Tsin, why don't I take the -- I'll take the question about execution. We're very confident about our ability to execute. And let me just remind you that one of the things that's really benefiting us is just our absolute excellent performance when the pandemic started and we had to move all of our people from our centers while our clients were having to move remotely. 
As you'll recall, I shared that we closed the books for 70 public companies and we did so without missing a beat; that we, on average, pre pandemic, have a new release every 15 minutes, 24 hours a day on the technology, say, 7 days a week and we have continued with that execution. And in fact, one of the things that we believe is driving our growth is that we enhanced our standing with our clients because of how we've been able to execute while, at the same time, we helped many of them move online. 
So we feel very good. 
Our centers and our people across the globe in terms of delivery are just amazing. And I should thank them because, at the end of the day, that's what really matters for our people, and we really just have exceptional people.

Sure. Great question. One of the things that we look back on internally as a leadership team was that we actually were very bold in our ambition in my first year as CEO to actually put that new model in place only 6 months into the fiscal year and change our P&L in the middle of the fiscal year. And we look back and often use it as a lesson as to speed matters because, as you think about our execution during the last 12 months, we did so with a new leadership team and a new way of working. And what it really demonstrated was we made the right strategic move. 
Driving the move from industry to geography were a few things. And remember, what we did was we also put digital everywhere, so we simplified because digital is now the core of our business. But the first thing is what we call the client proximity imperative. We had such scale in all of our markets. We wanted to put our leaders really closer to our clients while, at the same time, really enhancing the ability to move innovation around the world. And we did that by massively simplifying. And so we -- at the one hand, we're -- we made a geographic P&L.. But on the other hand, we made critical changes to actually make it easier to move innovation around the world.  
And secondly, we felt as if the ability to simplify and then have teams come together across our services would really unlock value. And of course, we did that before we had COVID, but we've seen the acceleration of the need for that because our clients are really looking for the ability to bring outcomes. And so just think about the work that we are doing right now. 
Like I take BBVA, which you may know is a customer-centric global financial services company headquartered in Spain. And we have worked with them to move -- they wanted to increase their digital sales, and that brings together operation -- all of our interactive capabilities like paid media, search engine optimization, analytics and marketing operation, plus our deep industry experience. And with our support over the last 12 months, they've grown their digital sales more than 50%, and they saw an increase in digital customers by more than 50%. The ability to bring those services together seamlessly to deliver those outcomes has really been enabled by that growth model to both simplify, recognize that the core of our business is now digital cloud and security and enable us to really meet the needs of the client globally.  
In terms of growth markets, there's really nothing different there. I mean the geographic model helps us both focus on the opportunity in each of the markets while, at the same time, really connecting the innovation and being able to serve global clients better.

Yes. And just to remember, Lisa, like we have a very important value proposition that includes being able to do continuous learning but also the right level of time to do strategic thinking, for example, and to come together around important initiatives. And so that's why we believe that, over time, we really should get back into kind of a more normal regardless of where people are working from.

Yes. Look, I think it's -- I think we would expect that we're going to go back to sort of industry norms on attrition, although we'll always work hard to not do that, right? And we do believe that we're benefiting right now from the way we have cared for and -- our people and the decisions we made to preserve our talent and invest in keeping them through the lower demand there is. So -- but certainly, we're tuned as a company to be able to grow and recruit at this level and at the more normal levels, as you said, in the higher teens.

So we knew someone was going to try to get us to look ahead for next year, but we're not going to. But let me just -- so instead of trying to look ahead to next year and thinking about next year, let's maybe just focus on how we are looking at our business right now. So if you think about the last 6 years, when we started digital, we rotated our business so that now the core of our business is digital, cloud, security and all of our services, meaning not just from a technical perspective. And so think about what we have built are engines of growth as the core of our business, which is what we went through when you think about cloud, Industry X, applied intelligence, operation, the things we went through on our script today. 
And so we have these engines of growth which we continue to invest in. And I think what's really important in the way we think about our business is we're -- for example, cloud, we already scaled. We told you last quarter it was $12 million in FY '20, but it's growing double-digits because we're at the very early stages of it. And when you think about Accenture Cloud First, we brought together, right, all of our services from strategy and consulting to experience, to cloud, industry experience because not only are companies having to migrate to the cloud but they need to create value. Like we're working with an American entertainment company where we're helping them use -- leverage the cloud to accelerate the time to market of new video services, right? So it's not about the migration, it's about the value. 
And so think about our business as having built these engines of growth, some of which already have massive scale and are continuing. And then others like Industry X -- Industry X is the way that we're going to continue to diversify our revenue sources for resilience over the long term. We made 2 acquisitions this quarter, SALT Solutions and Myrtle  Consulting Group, to help build our manufacturing and supply chain. We're going to continue to invest there. 
We think about that as the next Interactive, right, in terms of building this new area. And we're at this amazing tipping point right now where we're seeing an acceleration of digitization in manufacturing and in product engineering. And so we continue to think about how do we both make sure these growth engines are going but never have to have another rotation because we're always investing. 
And I mean the last point I would just say is our capacity to invest in acquisitions has been a huge differentiator in building the business we have today, as being the core of our business is now these engines of growth. And we continue to execute on that in all of our major strategic areas and the next scale plays. And I'd call out the 2 we made this quarter in cloud, for example, Infinity Works and Edenhouse.

Yes, I'd agree. I mean look, I'm having lots of conversations with companies who are just trying to figure this out, right? Will travel -- will it actually explode once people feel safe because they need to reconnect? Will it structurally shift? And I would say that it's really -- we think it's too early, and companies are really kind of all over the map. And hopefully, we'll have a lot better sense as we get through the next 6 months and we see vaccinations, variants and how comfortable people are, but it's still pretty unclear.

Well, it's a great question. And this really is a big driver of how well we're doing now because in this -- when you have compressed transformation where the companies need to do so much at the same time, there's a really sharp focus on: What do I need to do? How do I source the talent, right? And that conversation has absolutely gone faster. 
But also, how can I digitize every part of the organization? And what Accenture has, which is very unique, is this investment we've been making for years in the SynOps platform, for example, in operations and in technology, things like myWizard and myConcerto, which builds in best-of-class AI, machine learning, rapid testing. And these are platforms that we continuously invest in. And so when you -- what's happening here is that we're helping them digitize. We're helping them focus on what do they really need to have in-house versus can leverage in order to go faster. 
But one thing I want to be really, really clear about is although our strategy and consulting business continued to have a high single-digit decline, it was better than we expected. Strategy and consulting is absolutely essential to all of these results, including outsourcing, because what we are bringing to them, right, is not simply always at a lower cost. It's increases in sales through our marketing operations like the BBVA example I gave, right? It's manufacturing. At AIG, which I talked about, it's insurance, right, as well as deep process skills. It is helping them transform the ways they're working by being integrated with us where we're bringing modern ways of working and digital.  
And so this is what distinguishes us as a company for our clients. It's not  -- for you guys, it's type of work, outsourcing versus consulting, which is basically managed services, it's project work. For our clients, it's our ability to bring all these services together, which is why I emphasize that each of the examples I gave in my script, and I gave you many more, really are pulling all of these things together for an outcome. And when you're going through compressed transformation, that's more important than ever.

Yes. And by the way, this is where Industry X is going to be so critical. For example, we're working with a North America -- one of the largest oil integrators in the world in reimagining their plants from both health and safety, security and efficiency perspective. I was just in our brand-new OT security lab in Houston last week. Yes, I actually did go on a business trip. And a big focus of OT security is across all of our bold process and discrete manufacturing. 
So they're -- obviously, as an industry -- set of industries, they've been impacted. But if you think about where we're focused and how we're going to help them from efficiency and safety and security, it's great. We're well positioned.

Look, our ecosystem partners are absolutely essential to our growth. I called them out in our script. We're really proud to be the #1 or #2 partner with all of the major ecosystem partners. And what we uniquely bring is -- because of the strength of our relationships, we can really bring integrated value propositions to our clients. And so those relationships are very high priority and to -- and important to our future growth.

Well, we've shared in prior calls that we do see more interest in captives. We're starting to see us execute on some of them. But I think it's too early to say whether that's going to be a big part of the mix or not. For the reasons I've talked about, we can go in and help digitize. 
KC, do you want to add anything?

Yes. And it's the things that are -- it's cloud, right? It's -- there's a big movement to cloud. It's digital experience. It's more like the example I gave, BBVA. It's basically all the trends that we've talked about that are playing out really across industry, and Financial Services is one of the less -- more moderate impacted industries and they're investing. 
Okay. Great. Well, thank you again for joining today, and thank you again to all of our incredible people around the globe. And as always, I just want to end by thanking our shareholders for your continued trust in us. May everyone stay well and healthy.