Thank you, Angie, and thanks so much to all of you for joining us on today's call. Accenture delivered another strong quarter, and I couldn't be more pleased with our overall performance as we continue to execute our growth strategy and create significant value for all of our stakeholders, our clients, employees and shareholders. We again delivered revenue growth well ahead of the market as well as strong profitability and free cash flow while continuing to make substantial investments for long-term market leadership. 
Here are a few of the highlights for the quarter. We delivered new bookings of $10.6 billion, which was in the range we expected. We generated record revenues of $11.1 billion, at the top of our guided range, with 8.4% growth in local currency. We delivered earnings per share of $1.93, an 8% increase compared to adjusted earnings per share last year. Operating margin was 15.5%, an expansion of 20 basis points. Our free cash flow was very strong at $2 billion. And we returned $1.4 billion in cash to shareholders through our share repurchases and the payment of our semiannual dividend.
So all in all, it was another strong quarter by any measure. Looking forward, I feel very good about our business and our ability to deliver a strong fourth quarter, and in doing so to complete what will be another truly outstanding year for Accenture. 
Now let me hand it over to KC who will review the numbers in greater detail. KC?

Thank you, KC. Our strong results for the third quarter and year-to-date demonstrate that we continue to execute our growth strategy extremely well. In particular, we continue to benefit from our leadership position in "the New," where revenues again grew at a double-digit rate with broad-based growth across all components of "the New," including Accenture Interactive, Applied Intelligence, Industry X.0, cloud and security.
And as KC mentioned, our third quarter and year-to-date performance is powered by our unique leadership footprint in the marketplace with breadth and scale across the most strategic geographies, industries and capabilities. And this provides for durability and consistency in our performance and uniquely positions us to deliver seamless, outstanding service to our global clients. 
While there are many positive aspects of our third quarter results, today, I want to focus on Accenture Technology, which is the largest part of our business overall and also accounts for the majority of our revenues in "the New." So in many ways, Accenture Technology is really the engine of our strong leadership position in "the New." We believe Accenture has the strongest and most innovative technology capability in our industry, with scale and leadership in all the areas that are most relevant to our clients. Today, all companies are digital businesses. And certainly, Accenture is a digital technology company at our core with advanced capabilities such as data and analytics, automation, artificial intelligence and machine learning. 
Last quarter, I highlighted 3 key focus areas in Accenture Technology that power growth in our business. And today, I'd like to dig a little deeper. First, in Intelligent Platform Services, we apply our digital capabilities, innovation and industry expertise on top of the leading core platforms, SAP, Microsoft, Oracle, Salesforce and Workday, to help clients drive large-scale, enterprise-wide transformation. We are proud to be a leading partner of all the key players, and we see continued strong demand for Intelligent Platform Services, which again grew at a double-digit rate in quarter 3 and accounts for about 40% of our total revenues. 
As one example, we're helping a leading fashion retailer with a global implementation of SAP S/4HANA that leverages myConcerto, our proprietary AI-powered development platform. myConcerto brings together our deep industry knowledge in differentiated tools and methodologies to help clients innovate and accelerate platform implementation. Our work is driving greater synergies across the retailers' global brands and building a strong foundation for future growth. 
The second area, Intelligent Software Engineering Services, is focused on developing and delivering the custom systems that our clients are increasingly demanding. With more than 30,000 people, we have one of the largest teams of specialized software engineers and architects solving the most challenging problems in agile and creative ways using data, the cloud, artificial intelligence and other new technologies. As an example, we're helping Swisscom, Switzerland's leading telecom company, transform into a digital service provider. By leveraging our proprietary digital omnichannel platform with AI, machine learning and analytics, we are increasing the precision and personalization of the customer experience across all their channels. 
And third, in Intelligent Cloud & Infrastructure Services, we provide clients with powerful, differentiated solutions from cloud strategy and migration to managed services and cloud security. We are the leading partner of Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud Platform, which are often at the heart of our clients' agendas to adopt new and leading technologies and rotate their own businesses to "the New." To date, Accenture has worked on more than 25,000 cloud computing projects for clients, including 80% of the Fortune Global 100, and we have more than 77,000 people trained in cloud technology. A good example is our work with Del Monte Foods to unlock innovation and streamline their operations by migrating hundreds of servers and critical SAP enterprise-wide applications to the cloud in less than 4 months. They're benefiting from a more agile operating environment, real-time customer insights and a 35% reduction in IT cost, freeing up resources to grow the core business. 
There are 3 common threads that run through all of these areas in technology. One is innovation. And in fact, technology is at the heart of our innovation agenda. A great illustration is our AI-powered Microsoft -- myWizard platform, which you've heard us mention many times previously, which differentiates our service delivery by improving clients' business performance with superior productivity and predictability. And we continue to leverage our unique innovation architecture, which integrates our capabilities from research, ventures, labs, innovation centers and delivery centers. 
Second is our powerful ecosystem relationships as the largest independent provider of technology services. While scale is certainly a factor, it's also our ability to co-innovate with our partners, delivering outcomes and value at speed in "the New" and looking to the "next New" that differentiates us in the marketplace. And the final piece that underpins our technology leadership and is pervasive across everything we do is our unmatched industrialized global delivery capability, which uniquely positions Accenture to deliver large-scale, complex programs. 
Let me now switch gears and comment on our continued commitment to invest for long-term market leadership, including operating investments related to assets and solutions, talent and innovation as well as capital investments to acquire critical skills and capabilities in strategic, high-growth markets. So far this year, we've deployed approximately $1.1 billion in capital on acquisitions with the majority focused in "the New" and especially Accenture Interactive where we've completed 9 deals so far this year. I'm particularly pleased with the acquisition of Droga5, by far, our biggest of the year, which adds a large New York-based creative agency that significantly strengthens our capabilities to design, build and run customer experiences that grow brands and businesses. 
But before I hand it back to KC, I want to take a moment to acknowledge some of the external recognition we've received. Accenture rose to #28 on BrandZ' list of Top 100 Most Valuable Brands, and we also achieved our highest ranking ever on Forbes' list of the top global brands, and we had our highest-ever double-digit increases in brand value on both lists. I'm also very pleased that we were named, for the first time, in 2 Fast Company rankings for innovation: first, in the category of world's most innovative companies; and second, for world-changing ideas. And finally, Accenture was ranked #1 on Barron's new list of the most sustainable international companies. 
Before I close, I want to briefly mention that our CEO succession process is going very well. And as I said last quarter, we expect to complete the process by the end of this fiscal year. 
With that, I'll turn it over to KC to provide our updated business outlook. KC?

Yes. It's -- Tien-Tsin, let me just jump in because this -- you will remember, some may remember, this became a little bit of an -- maybe even an unnecessary distraction in quarter 1. And just to make sure that maybe we're even more clear on our messaging. So let me just say that we are very, very pleased with the demand environment. So let's be clear on that. That's reflected in our revenue growth year-to-date. It's reflected in the revenue growth that we see in "the New." It's reflected in what we feel is a very strong pipeline position as we closed out the third quarter. And it's reflected in our statement and our confidence that we will have strong bookings in the fourth quarter.
So to be clear, we're not concerned about bookings. Bookings do vary by quarter. Very often, it can be influenced by the timing of when the large deals close. And in the scheme of our big business, if we have deals that close in the month of June, let's say, as opposed to a few weeks early in the month of May, obviously that doesn't make any difference in the health of our business and what we see from a demand standpoint. So we're very encouraged by the demand environment. And as KC said, the bookings are lumpy as they have always been in our business. And I would focus more on the confidence that we have in the fourth quarter than I would the fact that quarter 3 was at $10.6 billion.

Yes. And I would say, just in terms of how to think about this going forward, our inorganic strategy or our acquisition strategy, as we've said through the years, really using inorganic as an engine for organic growth, that continues to be a focus area for us. And that will -- that is a strategic objective we'll -- is really unchanged as we look forward. And really, if you look at what we've done year-to-date, it's -- I'm really pleased with how we've executed that.
Over -- I think over about 80% of what we've done is focused on "the New." We've done, of course, several deals in Interactive, as I called out, but we've also done deals in both Industry X.0 and Applied Intelligence. We've also done several deals in Accenture Technology in both our Intelligent Platform Services where we were strengthening our skills and differentiation in a few of the platforms. And then we've also done deals to acquire high-end software engineering capabilities, again, in our Intelligent Software Engineering Services. And then to round it out, as will always be the case, we have a handful of deals in the mix that are vertical-specific. And it's interesting and just as an illustration of the importance the banking and capital markets to us over the long haul as an important industry, we've made several investments in banking during this period of time. So this will be an important part of our strategy, and you should really expect more of the same as we look forward.

Yes. First of all, from a business trend standpoint, we have -- we really haven't seen a change in the pattern at all. If you were to even -- if you just took the information that we provide, you could extrapolate that the 35% is declining, let's say, in the single-digit range. And that's a pattern that we've seen now for some time. And so to be clear, all of our growth, and this is by design, comes from our rotation to "the New" and the success that we've had in driving those services. In many ways, we are -- in some instances, we are actually accelerating that because we are, in the interest of our clients, for example, we're taking some legacy services, think legacy application maintenance-type services, and we are introducing new technology to do that work in a more innovative way. And in doing so you see those legacy services. And application maintenance, as an example, decline, but that is by design. You might say we're cannibalizing ourselves, which is in support of our strategy, but we also do it in delivering value to our clients. 
The other thing that you have in "the New" and this is not to say that this is -- this is not a comment on market demand, but you do have a lot of, let's say, more traditional, classic consulting services would be in "the New." And while there's still demand for some of those classic consulting services, where our real opportunity is and where we're really focusing on our skills, capabilities in serving our clients is the strategy and consulting services tied to work that we do in "the New." And so the classic services are less -- have less focus, therefore, less growth because we're doing everything rotated to "the New." So hopefully, that -- but we really -- the bottom line is we really haven't seen any change in the dynamic of the growth rate in the non-New versus the growth in "the New." And it's really happening exactly as we intend per our strategy.

I don't think there's anything changing. I mean I think you're going to see, as we continue to talk about "the New" in the quarters ahead, I think you're going to see the same type trend line in terms of what it -- how it increases as a percentage of our revenue. So I think as we get to the fourth quarter, we typically round the number that we quote externally. And so I think you'll see the typical pattern continue to evolve.

We have talked about that before. And you know, Ed, at the level that I guess is appropriate for us to talk about in this form, I'll say again that certainly, we believe that nonlinear growth over time will be more in the mix. You are right that platform-based solutions, bringing IP to the table, solution aids, et cetera, which I referenced several in my script, are increasingly a bigger part of the services industry and increasingly a bigger part of our differentiation. And so over time, we will be focused even more and I'm sure we'll become even better at capturing the value of the IP and the solution aids, et cetera, that we bring to our clients to deliver services and to deliver value to our clients.
The pace at which it happens is harder to predict. We're quite comfortable as we look forward in terms of our ability to manage the size talent organization we have. And as we look out, as you would expect we do, over a multiyear horizon, there's not anything about the progression of our head count that concerns us in terms of executing our business strategy. So nonlinear growth, I think, will be more in the mix in the industry, and I would expect Accenture would lead the way. But the timing and the slope of the curve, I think, is still yet to be defined, and we'll see how that plays out.

So as we've said before, we are very rigorous in tracking our return on our investment for our acquisitions. We, as a management team, we do it very rigorously, and we actually review that with the Finance Committee of the Board every quarter. And so it is a big focus. And as I've said before, we are really pleased with the performance of our portfolio and really have been for the last several years as we really started to ramp up our game in this area.
As it relates to valuations and certain areas of the market, which you know well, valuations have gotten pretty frothy. And we consider that as we do the analysis of buy versus build. We're not going to be -- we will never be irrational in overpaying for an asset in the market. But on the other hand, if -- we also look at things through a strategic lens. And we understand that if something has significant and strategic value and there's a scarcity of the skill in the marketplace, then we make the judgment about paying a little bit more in those instances, and there's been instances where we've done that.
So as you would expect of us, Rod, we are extremely thoughtful. There are areas like Applied Intelligence in the analytics space, for example, where, and you know this, where the valuations are super high. Industry X and some areas there, the valuations are super high. And so we navigate that within our financial objectives. Again, we have a willingness where it is the right strategic play. But by and large, we focus on valuation because we're very return-focused in the way we execute our strategy.

I don't think -- we've not communicated that externally, and I don't think I want to do that on this particular call. But we will -- we take that point, and we have anticipated that we will start to introduce some quantitative numbers behind those parts of our business. But right now, it's a little bit premature to do that. But expect that we'll do that as we move forward.

And by the way, again, in that case, when we talk about the platforms, it's the work that we do around SAP, Microsoft, Oracle, Salesforce and Workday as this -- and we refer to that as our Intelligent Platform Services business. It's the work we do around those platforms' platform in that context.

Yes. So in CMT, it was the industry segment reference she was making as a driver of growth.

Yes. So we -- the last time we sized it, it was for FY '18 and it was $8.5 billion. And when you look at this business this year, it has continued to grow strong double-digit growth. And if I parrot the way Pierre would have said it, I mean very strong double-digit growth. So you can think of it as not in the teens but higher than that, and that growth continues. And of course, within that, as important as the acquisitions are and how we've executed our growth strategy in the context of a $8.5-plus billion business, the vast, vast, vast majority of that growth, of course, is organic. And so it is fundamentally an organic-driven business where we have used the strategic acquisitions as really an igniter, if you will, of the organic growth and what -- which ultimately led to the scale of $8.5-plus billion.

I mean it is central to our strategy. We are super excited about the potential in Industry X. We've said that many times before. It is -- relative to Accenture Interactive, which still has a big growth proposition in front of it, X is lower on the maturity curve, if you will, and so there's a lot of runway in front of Industry X.0. In many ways, it's still relatively immature. But we are working hard to be positioned right at the heart of that wave, and we've -- and we're well positioned now to be a leader in that wave. So we're very focused on it. It is a top shortlist strategic objective, and we're excited about the market potential.
Okay. So thanks again for joining us on today's call. And as you can tell, we feel very good about where we are and confident in our ability to finish the year strong. With our highly differentiated capabilities, continued investments across Accenture and disciplined execution of our growth strategy, we're very well positioned to continue delivering profitable growth and significant value to all of our stakeholders.
We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. And in the meantime, if you have any questions, as always, please feel free to call Angie and her team, and hope all of you have a great day. Thanks.