Thank you, Angie, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. We had another outstanding quarter, reflecting our laser focus on creating 360-degree client value and the importance of our scale, experience, industry knowledge and trust to the world's leading companies and governments as they continue to digitally transform their enterprises.  
We had a record 20 clients with bookings over $100 million and a total of $15.4 billion in bookings. We delivered 16% revenue growth in local currency, 3% above the top of our guided range, with outstanding profitability and free cash flow. We estimate that we continue to take significant market share.  
Our growth was broad-based across geographic markets and industries, with 11 out of 13 industries growing double digits this quarter and reflects our ability to bring together our unmatched breadth of services from strategy and consulting to interactive technology and operations to create the solutions which achieve the value at speed that makes a difference to our clients.  
We continue to meet our clients' strong demand, adding a net 32,000 talented people this quarter alone. We offer an employee value proposition that allows us to attract top talent, develop our people with world-class training and provide them with vibrant career paths. We are pleased with our record 117,000 promotions year-to-date, including almost 1,200 promotions to Managing Director.  
And while delivering these results, we have raised the bar again in terms of investments. We now expect to invest about $4 billion in strategic acquisitions this fiscal year, with 39 acquisitions closed or announced year-to-date. This includes announcing this quarter 2 acquisitions with purchase prices over $1 billion each, the acquisition by Accenture Federal Services of Novetta in the U.S., an advanced analytics company, which we expect to close in August; and of umlaut, a world-class engineering services company headquartered in Germany, which we expect to close in Q1. These 39 acquisitions are well balanced with 10 in North America, 17 in Europe and 12 in growth markets.  
Our level of investment demonstrates as well how scale, experience and trust matters: scale in terms of our financial capacity, experience in terms of our track record of the successful integration of approximately 200 companies since 2013 and the trust we have earned in the market that attracts leading companies to want to join the Accenture family. We invest in acquisitions to scale in areas where we see a big market opportunity, to add skills and new capabilities and to further deepen our industry and functional expertise, all to drive continued innovation and the next waves of growth.  
Finally, because we believe strongly in our commitment to share success with our communities, we recently announced that we would donate $100 for every 1 of our then 540,000 employees, or $54 million, to urgently address the needs of our communities due to the pandemic, including $25 million for India.  
KC, over to you.

Thanks, KC. I'll start with the environment. The dynamics in the market we are seeing are not only a recovery from the lower spending pattern at the onset of the pandemic, but a more sustained growth in demand as companies race to modernize and accelerate their digital initiatives with compressed transformation.  
Pre COVID, our research showed a digital achievement gap, with leaders growing 2x faster than laggards, and we estimate that gap has now widened to 5x, with leaders stepping up their investment in technology and innovation and lead progress taking accelerated steps to catch up.  
Cloud is an even more critical enabler as companies are increasing their focus on enterprise-wide transformation and rapidly moving to digital- and cloud-powered models. These needs of our clients are driving strong momentum in our business with an acceleration of continued strong double-digit growth across applied intelligence, cloud, Industry X, intelligent operations and security, with Interactive and Intelligent Platform Services returning to strong double-digit growth this quarter. These strategic priorities are multiservice and are powered by our unparalleled technology ecosystem relationships.  
Let me share some color to bring this demand to life. I want to particularly highlight cloud, which continues to have very strong double-digit growth rates as well as the subset of Accenture Cloud First, where growth was even stronger and has exceeded our expectations when we formed Cloud First last September. With our Cloud First services, we are helping agencies served by Consip, Italy's national procurement agency, to deliver on Italy's National Recovery and Resilience Plan. We're developing and running industry-specific cloud-based platforms to standardize and improve their efficiency and speed, reducing the time to launch new contracts and ultimately providing much improved services for Italy citizens.  
We are using our Intelligent Platform Services to help DuPont, a company with a rich history of business reinvention, reimagine its financial structure to coordinate operations across its large geographic footprint. After going through a strategic and deliberate restructuring through M&A, we will now help DuPont implement a central finance processing suite that will help them to consolidate their multiple financial systems and chart of accounts into one and close the books faster. This will provide real-time view of results for all of the business units, all in the cloud, giving DuPont more agility, speed and certainty in a complex and volatile market.  
We are helping Jaguar Land Rover transform its global marketing model to deliver a more personalized customer experience with creativity and technology at its core. We were selected for our technology capabilities, data-led performance and experience-led approach. We will use the strength of the experience, creative and digital capabilities of interactive and the marketing delivery capabilities of operations with our SynOps platform, which we already use as part of Jaguar Land Rover's warranty operations. SynOps will deliver AI-powered insights and highly automated production around the world.  
Security is top of mind for our clients as the threat landscape expands. Our very strong double-digit growth is driven by the breadth and depth of our services, from advisory to cyber defense to manage security. For example, facing ever-increasing cyber threats and continued financial pressures as a result of COVID-19, Accenture is helping a [ U.K. eye bank ] by bringing together the full breadth of these capabilities to provide innovative solutions to support the bank's future security strategy.  
Across many of these examples are our implied intelligence services. We were excited this quarter to announce Accenture Federal Services' agreement to acquire Novetta, an advanced analytics company serving U.S. federal organizations that is demonstrating what's possible with analytics, machine learning, cyber and cloud engineering. This will augment our already strong capabilities and scale in these critical areas, providing even more diversification across our federal business, specifically in the national security space which is seeing substantial growth.  
I want to give a special recognition to our colleagues serving the public sector around the world throughout the pandemic. Your 7 consecutive quarters of double-digit growth reflect your absolute commitment to the important missions of government serving their citizens.  
Turning now to Industry X, our digital engineering and manufacturing services. We believe that product development, design engineering, manufacturing and the supply chain make up the next big digital transformation frontier. The impact of COVID-19 is accelerating the need to transform these core operations. And for nearly a decade, we have been investing to build the unique capabilities and ecosystem partnerships to combine the power of data and digital with traditional engineering services. We are very pleased with the announcement of our agreement to acquire umlaut, which will add more than 4,200 industry-leading engineers and consultants across 17 countries and expand our capabilities across a range of industries, including automotive, aerospace and defense, telecommunications, energy and utilities.  
Some recent examples of our Industry X services include helping a German telecom company continuously develop and enhance their Internet television service by utilizing embedded engineering in their set-top boxes and managing new features on the platform; helping a large media conglomerate accelerate their primary revenue streams in digital products and advertising with our product and platform engineering expertise to design, build, test and deploy new products, services and features; and working with a global automotive OEM to execute online remote software updates for their in-car computer systems to allow seamless deployment of new software versions.  
We are also working with an American multinational manufacturer of confectionery pet food and other food products to deploy a digital twin platform to optimize production in its manufacturing facilities, improve margins and reduce waste.  
We're working with a large electric company in Japan to help their power plants -- to help bring their power plants into the future by digitizing their operations and standards across each department; and with a large oil and gas company to build their internal digital capability to substantially reduce time to market for new digital solutions that extends to its customers while supporting the company's key safety and sustainability goals throughout the use of a digital factory.  
Taking a step back. The examples I have provided today all require deep industry knowledge and innovation. Our breadth and depth across industries enables us to tailor industry solutions while bringing cross-industry expertise as we help our clients facing industry convergence and by using the lessons of other industries.  
We were proud this quarter that Fast Company recognized us for our innovation across multiple initiatives in its World Changing Ideas Awards. Our cross-industry expertise is one of the powerful sources of our ability to innovate.  
For example, using our deep banking industry and technical expertise, we rapidly developed for a commercial bank which was not a traditional small business administration lender, a program under the U.S. Paycheck Protection Program that allowed them to make loans to thousands of small businesses struggling with the impacts of the pandemic. We then pivoted to apply this approach to stand-up Facebook's Small Business Grants Program for Black-owned businesses, enabling the distribution of 10,000 grants to Black-owned businesses in the U.S. This grants program is an important part of Facebook's overall commitment to invest $200 million in building programs and tools for Black-owned businesses.  
Finally, let me turn to our incredible people. Their health and safety remain our top priority. We are supporting our people by facilitating vaccinations, including standing up clinics in many of our offices such as in India, where already 50,000 of our people, their families and contractors have been vaccinated. We have been focused on taking the lessons as an almost 100% remote workforce during the pandemic to a new way of working, moving from a remote or hybrid model to an omni-connected experience. People will work in the office, from home and at client sites, and it is likely many of our clients will be doing the same. So our approach focuses on the experience of connecting to continue to serve our clients in a differentiated way and create an environment that our people feel a sense of belonging.  
The rich diversity and ingenuity of our people, from our Board of Directors to our new hires, helps us deliver 360-degree value for the benefit of all. We now have more than 250,000 women, representing approximately 46% of our workforce. As you may recall, shortly after the murder of George Floyd in the U.S., on this call, I shared with you our commitment to take 3 actions in the U.S.: setting external goals to increase representation, training our people and making a bigger impact in our communities. One year later, I am pleased to report that we not only took each action but have made measurable progress, including increasing our representation, having 95% of our U.S. people complete our new anti-racism training and making substantial new investments in our communities. You can find a full progress update on our website because we believe transparency and accountability are hallmarks of good governance and essential to building trust.  
As we see the rise or continuation of all kinds of hate crimes against diverse communities, including violence against Asians, the LGBTI community, anti-Semitism and Islamophobia, I want to reaffirm my and Accenture's unwavering commitment to equality and justice for all and zero tolerance for racism, bigotry and hate of any kind.  
KC, back to you.

Sure, Lisa. And look, so we've always said we have the capacity to do larger acquisitions, but we're very disciplined about what we will acquire. And so these were opportunities that were very aligned to our strategic priorities. 
So Novetta being both investment in public sector but primarily all about advanced analytics, machine learning, cyber and cloud engineering. And so also importantly, diversification for our federal business because they are in the national intelligence space. 
And umlaut is in engineering, which was just an opportunity as a company that we know very well, that really is giving us an opportunity to accelerate our scale in Industry X. And we've seen the digitization of manufacturing and engineering be a major priority post COVID. We've been investing for nearly a decade in this space. We predicted this would happen, as you can see by the number, the amount of work that we're already doing. And this was a great opportunity for a company that we know well. 
And our strategy continues to be we're going to make acquisitions to scale in big market opportunities to add new skills and opportunities, as you know, that we built a lot of interactive through acquisitions. For example, those were new skills and capabilities and then to deepen industry and functional knowledge. And so this is a continuation of that. 
And I think the advantage we have is our financial capacity to make investments and to increase our investment for the benefit of our clients and all of our stakeholders when we see the right opportunities. And we're going to continue to have that discipline around making strategic acquisitions.

Yes. So Ashwin, it's a great question around managing our business. And so I want to just take you all back to right before the pandemic, remember back then. And on March 1, we put in a new growth model we called the next-gen growth model. And that was designed for helping us manage our business as we saw the scale increasing, right? And that change in up in growth model was focused on being able to have more of our leaders closer to our clients. We changed the P&L, as you recall, to the geographic. And so we've already put in place a model that is designed to allow us to continue to scale. And so this, for us, was anticipated, and it's exciting to see how we are very uniquely positioned as our clients' needs have accelerated because that's what's driving the demand, right? The needs of our clients have accelerated post COVID to do compressed transformation, and we have the right operating model in place. 
As we think about attrition, it's ticked up to pre-COVID letter -- levels in a hot market, although not the highest we've ever seen. And so as you said, it's an industry phenomenon and we're comfortable. I mean our core competency is about managing our supply and demand, but more importantly, our core competency is being a great company to work for. And as you saw with our numbers this quarter, we hired net 32,000 incredible people. And that is just a testament to our ability to attract great talent as well as continue to train our people. We've trained over 100,000 people since the pandemic started, pivoting to the areas of our clients' needs. 
So we feel good about it. And of course, this is what you expect from us, so we'll continuously improve.

Well, sort of big picture, we believe that the digital engineering and manufacturing space is the next frontier for our clients, right? There's been a lot and there's still a lot to do with respect to the front office and the back office, for lack of a better term, that right now our clients are building a digital core, they're transforming operations and they're trying to find new ways of growth. But the areas that have been not as digitized over the last several years as companies have pivoted has been in core operations, manufacturing and supply chain. 
Now we predicted this, just as we predicted back in 2013, that someday everybody would be a digital business. And so we've been investing. We've already made, I don't know, 7, 8, 9 acquisitions over the last several years to build these capabilities. And you saw that with all the examples that we did in the script. And so this is about rapidly scaling with some of the best engineers in the world, right, because we see the market opportunity, but most importantly, the need from our clients. And so you should expect that we'll continue to build these both organically and inorganically. But obviously, this is a great add in terms of scale for us.

Yes. I mean I think the way to think about it is that we're taking market share and we're really well positioned to capture the growth that's available because of the needs of our clients. And so you're obviously seeing that uptick in organic growth. And how -- and we think this will be sustained demand. I think it's too early and we're not going to kind of back into sort of giving sort of a view of FY '22, but what we would say is we do believe that what you're seeing right now in demand isn't just like a recovery because spending decreased, but actually sustained demand and that we are incredibly well positioned to capture that because clients are looking for outcomes and the breadth of our services. They're turning to us because we can give them solutions, not just individual services. They want the innovation that we're bringing, the things like our SynOps platform. They are very appreciative and focused on the fact that we care about the 360-degree value so that we're helping improve their own skills as well as achieving their goals. And finally, and I think something that is really critical right now and why we are so well positioned, is they see us a company that creates value and leads with values. And so trust really matters when you are doing major transformation. 
And I'll give you one example. We've had over 80 clients in the last 12 months just come and sit down with us to learn more about our diversity supplier program, because it really matters to them and they see us as a leader, right? These are the things that make us an incredibly attractive and trusted partner. And so we think that this is really an enduring differentiation at a time when -- if there's going to be a sustained demand for compressed transformation.

There's nothing material. I mean think about the public sector, for example. We did a lot of COVID surge work, but now you've got the fiscal stimulus that's around the world and you see the digitization of the public sector, like we gave the example of Consip in Italy. So there's nothing material that we think will be difficult to manage because you're seeing really -- when you see that in the results kind of across industries, there's this need to digitize. So nothing material that we think to mention.

Yes. It's a great question. It's not so much about the size, it's really about the intent. I mean what you're seeing is clients really saying, in a world where I've got to digitize the entire enterprise, right, what can -- where do I want to focus my own resources and leadership? And where can I leverage Accenture and their investments? And this is where we really got ahead of the market, right, where we developed SynOps. And what we're providing them is both cost efficiencies, but really outcomes of actual insights that come from being able to digitize. And then you add on top of that where we have more clients thinking about having us take over. We have a strong pipeline and taking over more people because we have such a great employee value proposition, and so they're starting. When we think about the future of work, think about it, we're seeing more of our clients really see it as a combination of their own employees, automation or bots and then partners like Accenture that really integrate with their own employees, and we're just the leader here. And so it's more about the trends of the need to digitize that is what you're seeing reflected, digitize at speed.

And Bryan, as a reminder, because I remind you all every single quarter, right, clients aren't focused on, is it strategy and consulting or technology or operations? They are looking for outcomes. And what makes us so unique is that all of these things, whether it's cloud or intelligent operations or marketing transformation, bring together our services and with more confidence and certainty. And that's really how we think about it.

I mean you should all just think about this as we're going to deliver on our commitments and we are investing to drive the next waves of growth, and we are taking advantage of our ability to do so in this market.

Great, Tien-Tsin. Okay. In closing, we really appreciate everyone joining us today. We believe that we are unique because of both what we do and how we do it. And we're a company that, as I shared before, creates value and leads with values. I want to thank all of our people and our leaders for what you're doing every day. And finally, I want to thank all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support. We will make sure to earn it every day. Be well.