Thank you, Angie, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Today, we are very pleased to announce our outstanding financial results for the second quarter and first half of fiscal '20. I want to start by thanking our leadership team and all of our people for their dedication to our clients and to delivering on our commitments. And it is because of our leaders and people that I have absolute confidence in our ability to adapt and successfully navigate the unprecedented global health crisis the world is now facing. I am incredibly proud of how our leadership team and people have rallied in the face of this crisis and worked 24/7 to ensure the safety and well-being of each other, and to continue to serve our clients at this time of great need. 
KC and I know that you are keenly interested in understanding how the coronavirus is impacting Accenture and our people. First, we're going to cover our starting point. KC will take you through Q2 results and I'll give you color on the strength of our business and our growth strategy as we exited H1. Then I will specifically address the current environment in light of the coronavirus and how we are managing the impacts. Finally, KC will give you our updated business outlook. 
KC, over to you to go through our strong Q2 results.

Thank you, KC.
So as we reflect on where we are for the first half, we delivered record bookings of $24.5 billion, revenue growth of 8% in local currency, 20 basis points of operating margin expansion and 8% increase in earnings per share and $2.7 billion in cash returned to our shareholders which means we exited H1 in a clear position of strength, delivering outstanding results, taking market share and continuing to successfully execute our growth strategy. 
In H1, we continued to see how our unique business model, which spans services from strategy and consulting to operations, resonates with our clients who seek speed to value. And our unparalleled digital and technology capabilities, ecosystem partnerships, deep industry and functional expertise and incredibly talented people are making the difference. 
Let me give you color on the demand we saw from our clients in Q2 and H1 overall. This quarter, we had 18 clients with new bookings over $100 million and operations hit a milestone of 25 consecutive quarters of double-digit growth. 
Let me double-click on operations. First of all, congratulations to the entire operations team on this remarkable achievement. In operations, where we continue to lead the market at nearly twice the size of our largest competitor, we have unparalleled capabilities to create value for our clients by delivering tangible business outcomes at speed by leveraging our SynOps operating engine. This engine uses a truly unique approach combining data, applied intelligence and emerging technologies with human expertise to reinvent business processes and enable intelligent operations. It allows our clients to reduce costs and achieve technology-enabled enterprise transformation faster by using our engine rather than investing to build their own. 
Our operations capabilities span the enterprise from finance, HR, marketing, procurement, supply chain and digital manufacturing to industry-specific offerings, such as banking and insurance operations, health claims operations and trust and safety, which is doing the vital work of helping to keep the Internet safe. And the power of our operation services also comes from our unique business model, which allows us to bring multidisciplinary teams to create new value for our clients. 
For example, Accenture was recently named agency of record for Kimberly-Clark's Baby & Child Care segment, a huge win for Accenture Interactive and our Droga5 creative team. Combining creative talent with our unparalleled operations capabilities was key to our success, enabling us to deliver customized, local, market-driven experiences powered by data and technology. And we are so proud that Droga5 was just recently named by Fast Company as one of the world's most innovative companies. 
Our industry expertise across our 13 diverse industry groups also continues to be a core competitive advantage, allowing us to bring deep industry and cross-industry knowledge coupled with our technology, including our ecosystem relationships and applied intelligence capabilities to help our clients tap into new opportunities for growth. For example, for KDDI, the Japanese telecom operator, we are leveraging our data and analytics capabilities, the AWS platform and knowledge of the industry to grow their core business by improving customer retention and expanding services for existing customers. At the same time, with our broad industry expertise, we are uniquely positioned to partner with KDDI to help transform their business by expanding beyond telecom into the banking, insurance, electricity and automotive sectors. 
Finally, as always, let me highlight how our continuous innovation approach is driving our business. Last year, we launched Living Systems, a new approach to IT and business transformation. Living Systems is an innovation multiplier that creates value for our clients through a series of transformations, including organizational, technological and talent in an agile way while efficiently managing applications and infrastructure for our clients. It fundamentally shifts IT to be measured by business outcomes rather than traditional metrics. This offering continues to gain momentum in the marketplace across multiple industries. For example, we are partnering with Corteva, the major global agriscience company to enhance its performance through our Living Systems approach. 
We leveraged Accenture's myWizard platform and analytics to enable Corteva's innovative product-driven IT organization while activating savings that funded essential projects during its first year as a public company. 
Innovation is core to our growth strategy and is in the DNA of Accenture. We just released our Accenture Technology Vision for 2020, marking the 20th anniversary of this annual thought leadership piece on the most important technology trends for the next few years. This is where we first predicted in 2013 that every business would be a digital business. And today, digital is everywhere. It is the core of our business and our client's business. This year's research explores how enterprises need to think differently and reimagine their fundamental business and technology approaches in a responsible, human-centered way in order to deliver on the full promise and value of digital. 
Finally, we are incredibly proud that Ethisphere recently recognized us as one of the world's most ethical companies for the 13th consecutive year. And Fortune included Accenture on their list of Best Companies to Work For in the U.S. for the 12th consecutive year ranking as #41, up significantly from #61 last year. 
Let me now turn to the coronavirus. We currently have 2 priorities: the safety and well-being of our people and continuing to serve our clients at this time of critical need. In addition to our exceptional leaders and people and strong financial hand, we are well positioned to address the impacts of the growing global health crisis due to 5 key factors. First, our Global Management Committee already operates our business as a virtual team. We do not have a headquarters. Our top leaders are spread across the globe, and Accenture has operated this way as a management team for over 3 decades. And so mobilizing to address this situation has been seamless. 
Second, we have a standing Crisis Management Committee which is led by our Chief Operating Officer, Jo Deblaere, one of our most experienced leaders. As designed, we were able to quickly activate our protocols and a team of our most senior leaders, who, under the leadership of Jo and with support from across Accenture has done what can only be called a truly remarkable job. We have had these protocols in place, which we have tested and retested for years through real and simulated crises and they are focused on our people, business continuity, facilities management and financial impact, among other things. 
While we have not planned for a global pandemic, the ability to trigger these protocols and then adapt for this unprecedented situation is allowing us to move rapidly. For example, we have restricted travel and asked people to work remotely from home where possible. As of today, globally, we have already enabled a very significant percentage of our people to work from home, including 60% -- approximately 60% of our people in our centers in India and the Philippines. 
And to give you a bit more color on how our crisis management team is operating, some of our work cannot be done from home given the nature of the work and some employees do not have the ability to work from home. In these cases, we have reduced the density of the people in our offices and centers and instituted extra hygiene procedures and social-distancing protocols. We are working closely with our clients every step of the way as they also adapt to remote working environment and to date have not experienced any material service interruptions. 
Third, we are deeply experienced in working virtually and already have deployed at scale in the normal course in our business, collaboration technologies and infrastructure for remote working. For example, we're the largest user of Teams by Microsoft in the world. And in the last few weeks, as we rapidly ramped more people working remotely from home, Team's audio usage has almost doubled from our typical 16 million minutes per day to almost 30 million minutes per day. We are using our deep experience of working together virtually across Accenture and with our clients to help adapt how we work together from home. 
Fourth, our strong corporate functions and investments we have made to digitize Accenture have always been key to our attracting and retaining talent and operating Accenture with rigor and discipline. Our top-notch professionals in finance, HR, operations, geographic services, marketing and communications and CIO enabled by these significant investments in our own digitization are making the critical difference in how we are responding with agility to the crisis, and we are deeply grateful for their dedication and hard work. 
Finally, as our record bookings in Q2 demonstrate, our services are highly relevant to our clients. Our rotation to "the New" over the last several years, now at over 60% of our business, our deep client relationships with the world's leading companies and our unique business model will enable us to help our clients succeed in this uncertain period and continue to position us strongly in the long term. 
With that, I'll turn it over to KC to provide our updated business outlook. KC?

Sure. I mean really what I want to take you through, Tien-Tsin, and thanks for the question, because clearly, the way we've updated guidance is we're expecting that our business is going to evolve differently for the next 2 quarters for a whole host of reasons, right? So I think maybe what might be most helpful is to kind of give you some color on what's really happening on the ground with our clients. And there's really 3 sets of activities right now, right? So the first is our clients are focused, as a first priority, on the safety of their people and adjusting to the need to have remote working, right, which for many of our clients is very new, and we're helping many of our clients make that adjustment. So for example, we have a client who asked us literally to go, and we partner with Microsoft to do this, to go from 0 people using Teams; in 5 days, it will be -- their entire 61,000 workforce, right? 
So in 5 days, 0 to 61,000, right? And so as we look at it, our clients are very much focused on how to adjust to remote working, and that's easier or harder depending on the nature of the industry and the kind of work. And at the same time, as responding to the crisis, you have our clients, for example, in the public sector, who are having to respond, not only for their own workforces, but to what they need to do for the public. So for example, with -- we're working with some of our public sector clients to deploy more virtual agents that are preconfigured with COVID-19 advice to continue to free up capacity to add to the more critical questions in our call center, right? So the first is safety of their own people and adjusting to this new environment where they have to have remote working and make decisions about that. 
The second activity is really focused on mission-critical services, right? That of course varies by company. But if you look at the work that we're doing with our clients, we're working very closely to them on mission-critical services like we do the settlement of services, of trades for major banks. We do payroll services, we support many different health care services. We're doing trust and safety services, keeping the Internet safe, right? So there's a big focus in this first phase on mission-critical services, working together with our clients, being able to do that, in some cases remote, in some cases, continuing to go into the centers. 
And then the third thing that's going on with our clients in parallel, of course, is the assessment of the impact on -- of both the global health crisis and the disruption in the economy and what's been happening with the travel restrictions, the restrictions of people needing to stay at home, in some cases, sheltering in place. Now as you might imagine, that assessment occurs along 2 vectors. It comes at the intersection of industry technology and geography as well as the individual circumstances of the client, right? And so to give you some sense of the variety, right, I have a client in the utility industry that is of course dealing with the macro environment. 
But in my discussions with the CEO just this week, the first question was, "Hey, how do you feel, Accenture, about your COVID-19 arrangements because you do a lot of work for us." And then we went right back to our usual touch point on the ERP system that we're putting together which they consider to be mission-critical for how they operate, right?
On the other side of the spectrum, you have a client in the industry, in automotive industry that has been hard hit. We're executing our strategy beautifully there because we're helping them with enterprise transformation, right, and they're making choices in this environment given what they're facing. So in that case, for example, they said, "Look, our HR transformation's mission-critical. We may need to and are likely to postpone the finance transformation." And they're working with us and their other partners as they make the essential choices you would expect in this environment, right? 
If you go to a consumer goods client that has less expectation of a significant impact, right? Our conversations with them are, "Help us understand your -- how you're going to adjust. And can we move even faster?" Because we think there's a competitive advantage in putting in place ERP system that we're helping them do. And then of course, you have something like travel, where what is critical at this time is very, very significantly different than many of the other industries for the obvious reasons, right? 
So as you think about our guidance, we're thinking about how the impact is varying, looking at industry, geography and understanding the work and anchored, of course, in the -- much of the work that we do for our clients is mission-critical or critical to their agendas.

Sure. It's interesting because Accenture Interactive that has some of our most creative minds, they're probably best suited, in fact, in thinking very creatively about how to stay connected. Many of those, as you may know, as you think about how they work virtually often do work in studios. And so they work virtually with their clients as well. At this point, we're really just focusing on how to adapt the virtual environment and keep them -- and keep people connected. And so from an Accenture perspective, we feel very confident in our workforce being able to adjust, and then of course, working with our clients to help them do so. 
With respect to knowledge transfer, that's a great question. And as you might imagine because we are so familiar with how to do virtual, what we've done is rapidly look at, and this is one of the first things we do, how do you do knowledge transfer remotely? Some of it is already there. And to be honest, we've had a lot of that and oftentimes our clients have wanted to do it on site even though we said it could be done much more efficiently. 
And one of the things you should recognize is that this is really going to be helping accelerate also the digital transformation of our clients, right? Because our clients, for example, some of whom who wouldn't have allowed us to work from home now who are giving us permission, who don't themselves work remotely, who aren't using collaboration technologies, are now being forced to. And the upside for them is really the opportunity to accelerate the cultural change and the digital transformation. So a knowledge transfer, do you ask -- or to your specific question, we have put in place new ways of doing that, but it's based on thinking that actually in this case, we've already done. 
If you think about SAP, one of the first things we did, SAP, Oracle, any of our systems, is that we've looked at all of our methodologies. Obviously, our methodologies today do involve being on site. And so we are converting them and then pushing that out across our workforce and helping our clients understand it. We're rapidly doing testing of those methodologies. 
And so at some point, of course, there's limitations. You do need to be able to get together for some pieces of it. And of course, just remember, today, we have people working in offices as do our clients for essential work. And so on balance, right, we've rapidly moved to use all of our knowledge to be able to convert, to help our clients do that, to change our methodologies. And then as we continue forward, depending on the duration and the magnitude, our expectation today is we will get into a rhythm that continues to allow the essential things to happen over time.

I mean our guidance, and KC can add anything she'd like. At this point, we're giving you the guidance we see over the next 6 months based on the best information we have today, right? And as you said, it's early to speculate how some of this may play out on the individual industry. So we -- and it's just -- it's quite early.

Sure. Well, at a macro level, of course, there's some real differences in that -- several years ago, that was about an economic crisis. And today, because of the global health crisis, you're dealing with circumstances that are quite different in terms of globally, clients having to move to work from home. And what that does in terms of just the adaptation that they're making, the cessation of commerce, in retail, et cetera, in many communities. And so what I would say is you kind of start with, this isn't just an economic crisis which one would never have thought that they would say that as they look back at the financial crisis, but you're really dealing with 2 things, right? So if you think even about how we expect the situation to evolve, and then I'll come to how we're different as we enter into this. 
But you'd expect -- what we're expecting is that right now, as clients are very focused in adapting to not just the economic disruption, but as I said, in those 3 buckets of things, having to adjust how they're working, right, that's why our guidance assumes that there'll be an improvement in the business environment in Q4, either because the situation is better or because simply, clients and ourselves are adjusting to working together. But I would say, as you think about today, that is a very different circumstance as -- than the financial crisis. But as we look at it, we can't imagine a better-positioned company to address it for all the reasons that we talk about. 
The second thing, though, is the nature of our services today, right? As you saw with our results in H1, you'll go back to what have we been focusing on? We've been focusing on building the digital core of our clients which is moving to the cloud, having the right systems, all of which this current crisis actually points out to are very critical, right? And in the first wave of that, you're just seeing it in the demand for us to help them increase their -- improve their infrastructure, deploy collaboration technologies and so on. The second thing we've been helping them with is optimize their operations, right, and the ability to use technology not only to reduce costs but to be more productive. And what you are seeing -- even now, we're already having sort of inbound things about, "Can you help us achieve more savings through technology in the shorter term?" So we have very relevant offerings. And what's really interesting, right, if you go back to the financial crisis and operations, that business was very different. It was much more around labor arbitrage with some analytics on top of it. 
Today, as I talked about earlier, our business in Operations, our business in Living Systems starts fundamentally with technology platforms that we have built so that as our clients are making decisions, do they invest themselves to build something or should they leverage here; the current crisis actually makes those investments we've been making for years even more attractive and relevant because clients will have less investment capacity, they'll need to move fast and they've got to address the challenges. 
And so the final area is around accelerating the growth agenda. And this is where Accenture Interactive is critical. I mean just think about what's happening right now. People are staying home and they're getting online and they can't go to stores. The opportunities over time to engage differently with your customers, to establish different relationships are going to be very important. And Accenture Interactive is at the core, right, of customer experience and very relevant. So we knew -- coming out of H1, you see the strength of that. But as you think about what's actually happening, and of course, it's still early days, but we could see what's going. Our services, we believe, will be even more relevant, right, as we get through this first period where we need to. 
And I just want to be clear, at the end of the day, we have to serve our clients, and we need to help them adjust. We need to make sure their mission-critical services are continuing and then help them evaluate how to navigate, grow and address it, and that will be very different in different industries and companies. And we are very -- this is where our relationships matter so much. 95 of our top 100 clients, we have been there for over 10 years, right? And so I feel very confident, and I think we are in a very significant position of strength as we go into this chapter.

Sure, thanks, Lisa. Great question. So first of all, just philosophically, we will -- we are not ever going to be shortsighted here. And as you said, our people are really our competitive advantage, and we're the envy of the industry. And so as we look at this, we do a couple of things. First of all, we're obviously slowing recruiting but we're still recruiting. Like, for example, in Italy, and we all know the situation in there, we're still recruiting for security right now because as our clients have been moving to home, they need greater help in security services. 
And just a shout-out to our HR team, we've rapidly turned our onboarding into entirely virtual so that we can continue to recruit the critical services our clients need during this time, when obviously we cannot have people coming to the office. The second thing that we do is we look at where we need skills and our ability to pivot people, because of course we're a great learning organization, right? And so one of the first things we always do is, "Where is the demand and what can we do?" 
I mean we've trained over 300,000 people in the last couple of years just on new IT. And so part of what we will be doing, a significant part, is making sure that we also are able to adapt. For example, if you just look at the digital -- the need for digital workplace, in this week alone, we took 600 people and spun them up and trained them on all the skills they need to be deploying these technologies like Teams because our clients rapidly needed that for the demand. And so in our first -- in its first phase, our focus is of course slowing down on our recruiting except where we need the critical skills and then deploying our people at the demand, and we won't be shortsighted.

Yes, well, I mean obviously, we've got -- it's sort of client by client. And by the way, our legal department is doing an amazing job right now because, as you might imagine, many of our contracts didn't even contemplate ever working from home, right? And so they have been working client by client, sort of 24/7 to evaluate that. But it's just a mix. And so I'd just tell you our guidance is kind of taking into account all of these different factors, and that's where we updated it to.

Well, so in the Philippines, we're probably about where we expect to be. In India, we're still adding. But again, it really depends on the nature of the work. And so we wouldn't expect it to be much higher than that because some of the work, if you think about bandwidth, the need for power, what our employees can do and some -- their conditions, and then like sort of the availability, the bandwidth on some of the things that take more bandwidth, so it's going to go a little bit higher in India, but I think we're in a pretty good position. 
Around the world, it varies. I mean look in Italy, we're at 85% to 90%; in Spain, 90%. And so globally, it's actually much higher, right, because of the nature of the workforce. So you really have to look at nature of the work and country by country. But as my stat of 16 million minutes a day to 30 million minutes a day, are -- it's -- we've mobilized very quickly.

Why don't you take that.

All right. So thank you again for joining us on today's call. 
As we navigate the current environment, it is important to remember that we will continue to invest in our business and our people for the long term. The fundamentals of our business are strong, and we plan to emerge even stronger. 
I cannot emphasize enough my gratitude for the extraordinary efforts of our leaders and our people around the world to both take care of each other and continue serving our clients which they have done, even as they are concerned for their own health and the health of their loved ones and communities. 
I also want to thank our clients for placing their trust in us, our investors for their continued confidence and our ecosystem partners for their shared commitment to our clients. 
Perhaps what is most unprecedented about the situation we face is how universal the tragedy is that is unfolding around the world. It truly affects us all and I hope that each of you and your family and friends are healthy and continue to be well. 
Thank you.