Thank you, Pierre. Happy holidays to all of you and thanks for taking the time to join us on today's call. Building further on Pierre's comments, let me start by saying that we were very pleased with our overall results in the first quarter, which came in as expected and position us extremely well to achieve our full year objectives. 
Before getting into the results of the quarter, I want to remind you that both our quarter 1 results and the FY '18 comparisons reflect the adoption of the new revenue and pension accounting standards, which impact our revenues and operating margin percentage in an immaterial way. In addition, as we previously discussed, we adopted the accounting standard for income taxes on intercompany transfers, and the impact is reflected in both our results and our business outlook. 
With that said, let me begin, as I normally do, by summarizing a few of the important highlights for the quarter. Strong revenue growth of 9.5% in local currency continues to reflect broad-based momentum in our business and once again demonstrates the durability of our growth model with double-digit growth in 3 of our 5 operating groups and in both North America and the Growth Markets. We estimate that our growth continued to significantly outpace the market, underpinned by strong organic growth of over 8% in local currency. Our operating margin of 15.4% expanded 20 basis points compared with last year and reflects strong underlying profitability, which continues to allow us to invest at scale in our people and our business. And we delivered very strong EPS of $1.96, up 9% compared to last year even with an FX headwind of approximately 2%. 
Regarding cash flow, we generated significant free cash flow of $950 million, while at the same time returning roughly $1.7 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. We're also pleased that we invested a little over $200 million in the quarter to acquire 9 companies to bolster our skills and capabilities in strategic high-growth areas of our business. And we continue to expect to invest up to $1.5 billion in acquisitions during fiscal '19.
With that said, let me turn to some of the details, starting with new bookings. Our new bookings were $10.2 billion for the quarter. Consulting bookings were $5.9 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.0, and our outsourcing bookings were $4.3 billion with a book-to-bill of 0.9. This level of new bookings was in the range we expected and follows our typical pattern of lower new bookings in the first quarter, which then build throughout the year. Looking forward, we feel good about our pipeline and are encouraged by our new bookings potential in the second quarter. 
Turning now to revenues. Revenues for the quarter were $10.6 billion, a 7% increase in USD and 9.5% in local currency and at the top end of our guided range. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $6 billion, up 8% in USD and 10% in local currency, and outsourcing revenues were $4.6 billion, up 7% in USD and 9% in local currency. 
Before I comment on the underlying growth drivers, I want to mention that we've made some minor changes to our business dimensions, which we do from time to time as our business evolves. For fiscal '19, we have renamed Application Services to Technology Services and expanded the definition to include infrastructure outsourcing, which was previously included under Accenture Operations. These changes were made to reflect the synergies between our infrastructure and cloud services business and our application services business, and the revised name of Technology Services simply reflects the broader scope. So now, looking across the business dimensions, we were especially pleased with the balanced growth in the first quarter.  Both Strategy and Consulting Services combined and technology services grew at very healthy high single-digit rate. And operations continued its trend of double-digit growth. And "the New", including digital, cloud and security-related services, continued very strong double-digit growth as well. 
I would also like to highlight the continued strong demand for intelligent platform services, which grew double digits and was an important contributor to our growth. As a reminder, these services primarily relate to deploying next-generation technologies in SAP, Microsoft, Oracle, Salesforce and Workday where we continue to be the #1 service provider for all of these important partners. 
Taking a closer look at our operating groups. Resources led all operating groups with 21% growth in local currency, driven by continued double-digit growth across all 3 industries and all 3 geographies. Communications, Media & Technology grew 14%. Continued strong momentum was driven by double-digit growth in Software and Platforms, which was the primary contributor to overall double-digit growth in North America and the Growth Markets. Products delivered its 14th consecutive quarter of double-digit growth with 10% growth in the quarter, driven by broad-based demand across all 3 industries and all 3 geographies. H&PS grew 5%, driven by strong growth in public service as well as double-digit growth in both Europe and the Growth Markets. As expected, we saw modest overall growth in North America, which reflects some continued pressure in our U.S. federal business. Finally, Financial Services grew 1%, which is the range we expected, reflecting strong growth in insurance and slight contraction in banking and capital markets. Overall, for Financial Services, we saw double-digit growth in the Growth Markets and modest growth in North America, partially offset by a contraction in Europe. We expect growth in the same range in quarter 2 before seeing improved growth rates in the second half of the year. 
Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the quarter was 31.1% compared with 31% for the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.1% consistent with the first quarter last year. Our general and administrative expense was 5.6% compared to 5.7% for the same quarter last year. Operating income was $1.6 billion in the first quarter, reflecting a 15.4% operating margin, up 20 basis points compared with quarter 1 last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 19.8% compared with an effective tax rate of 20.5% for the first quarter last year, and diluted earnings per share were $1.96 compared with EPS of $1.79 in the first quarter last year, and this reflects a 9% year-over-year increase. 
Days services outstanding were 42 days compared to 39 days last quarter and 43 days in the first quarter of last year. Our free cash flow for the quarter was $950 million, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $1 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $78 million. Our cash balance at November 30 was $4.4 billion compared with $5.1 billion at August 31. 
With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the first quarter we repurchased or redeemed 4.9 million shares for $788 million at an average price of $162.01 per share. At November 30, we had approximately $5.2 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in November, we paid a semiannual cash dividend of $1.46 per share for a total of $933 million. This represented a 13% -- $0.13 per share or $0.10 (sic) [ 10% ] increase over the dividend we paid in May. Let me say that again, this represented a $0.13 per share or 10% increase over the dividend we paid in May. 
So in summary, we're off to a very good start in fiscal '19, and working hard to sustain our strong revenue growth, profitability and cash flow for the remainder of the year. 
Now let me turn it back to Pierre.

Thank you, Pierre. Let me now turn to our business outlook. For the second quarter of fiscal '19, we expect revenues to be in the range of $10.1 billion to $10.4 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about negative 4% compared to the second quarter of fiscal '18 and reflects an estimated 6% to 9% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year '19, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we now assume the impact of FX on our results in USD will be about negative 3% compared to fiscal '18. For the full fiscal '19, we now expect our revenues to be in the range of 6% to 8% growth in local currency over fiscal '18. 
For operating margin, we continue to expect fiscal year '19 to be $14.5% to 14.7%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over fiscal '18 results. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 23% to 25%, and this compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23% in fiscal '18. 
For earnings per share, we now expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal '19 to be in the range of $7.01 to $7.25 or 4% to 8% growth over adjusted fiscal '18 results. 
For the full fiscal '19, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $5.75 billion to $6.15 billion and property and equipment additions to be approximately $650 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $5.1 billion to $5.5 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $4.5 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. With that, let's open it up so we can take your questions. Angie?

So there is -- overall, there is really 3 things that drive our operating margin, overall, and really all 3 things apply to gross margin as well. So you just mentioned it, you start with contract profitability and we are pleased with the progression of our contract profitability, and we've also been very pleased with the progression of our pricing. You know, Tien-tsin, that we have invested substantially in our strategic areas of focus to build what we think is significantly differentiated capability in the marketplace. I'm referring to the components on "the New." And as we said before, in those areas where we have significant differentiation and where there is high demand, then we tend to get some pricing power. And of course, beyond the contract profitability and pricing, we have been very efficient in how we have managed our overall payroll efficiency as well as our nonpayroll expenses. And so -- and I know I speak for Pierre, I think our organization has done a particularly good job in recent quarters and, certainly, this quarter we just closed, in driving our profit objectives.

Yes, it is. It is reflected in those numbers.

No. I mean, there is nothing about '19 specifically that would influence the mix trend that you've seen now for several quarters. So I think that trajectory of an increasingly higher percentage of our revenue being in "the New" as well as the trajectory of stronger growth with our consulting type of work, I think that continues.

Yes. Actually, we are -- you mentioned health care specifically, and I assume that's what you meant as opposed to H&PS, if you like...

Okay. So if you look at H&PS overall, then really the story is pretty clear. And maybe the best point to share is the fact that if you look at our H&PS business absent the impact of the cycle that our U.S. federal business is going through, so if you look at the rest of the public service business and if you look at health absent the U.S. federal business, H&PS is growing upper single digits really right at, almost touching double-digit growth. And so actually, we're quite pleased with the performance of our Health & Public Service business. If you look at the health business specifically, we've seen continued strong trends in the payer side of the business. And at the same time in the most recent quarter, we've seen some green shoots and sign -- encouraging signs on the provider part of the business as well. We have double-digit growth in H&PS and both Europe and Growth Markets and again, really if you look at North America, it's really a story of the U.S. federal business going through kind of a natural cycle as contracts wind down and reconnecting with growth. But overall, absent that, H&PS is doing quite well.

Really nothing. There wasn't anything unusual in quarter 1 relative to what we said when we provided annual guidance, and of course, we haven't changed our annual guidance. And so quarter 1 played out as we expected and again, our annual guidance has remained unchanged. So the things that influenced our tax rate this year, 4 of which we've talked about continually over the years is geographic mix of income, changes in prior year tax liabilities, final determinations and then tax impacts on equity compensation. And then in addition to those 4 that we've traditionally talked about, we have the U.S. tax reform, which we've said previously, statement remains true today that it would have modest upward pressure. And then we have the adoption of the new tax standard regarding intercompany transfers and again, that is exactly as we stated. It has about a 3% headwind in our tax rate in '19 and going forward. And then, of course, how that plays out in any particular year is based on all of those factors coming together. And so this year, all of that is reflected in our tax rate.

Yes. I would say that in our case, it's more seasonality. Again, we have seen -- this isn't the case every year, but certainly, most years we tend to see softer bookings in the first quarter. I think also when you look at our first quarter bookings, it's important to look at them in the context of what we've done in the 6 months or the 2 quarters previously, where we had, I believe, our largest and second-largest bookings quarters in our history in those 2 quarters. Or to say it differently, over a 6-month period, we had a record level of bookings. And so I think that's at play as well as you kind of rebuild and reestablish the pipeline. I also made the comment in the script and so I'll just say it again that we are pleased with our pipeline, and as we look at the second quarter, in particular, we're very encouraged with our bookings potential as we look at the second quarter.

I don't -- I think the talent market in the some areas of "the New" where the supply is tight it is -- it's a competitive market. Having said that, one of the hallmarks of Accenture is that we have established ourselves and have been and continue to be a real magnet for talent in the marketplace. And I think that there is 3 reasons behind that, the first is that people in the marketplace know that Accenture is the leader in "the New." So we are working in the areas that are the most attractive to the most attractive people in the marketplace. The second thing is that talent is attracted to market leaders and companies that have demonstrated superior performance and certainly, we've done that over the years. And then the third thing and this is something that Pierre talks about from time to time, and it's an important part of Accenture, is our culture and our values and the environment that people work in, how we treat them and how we value what they do. And those are the 3 things that really make Accenture distinctive. We have no issue attracting talent and don't expect that to be an issue going forward.

Yes. I mean, the math is clear. It is contracting, and I think that math is clear. We've talked about it previously. In terms of the margin trends, as we've also mentioned is that tends to be the -- the common characteristic is that that's the most commoditized part of the marketplace. And as you can imagine, therefore, there is significant competition and pricing pressure. And at the end of the day, to some extent, we are disrupting that part of our business intentionally. We're disrupting it by focusing our efforts on growing in "the New." And then for those legacy services, if you will, we are, again, using new technology to even reinvent those and in some cases, to automate the way those things are done is one form of disrupting that part of our business. And so all our focus is on "the New" and the rest of the business will continue to evolve the way it evolves.

Yes. At this point with only one quarter in the books, it's really too early to adjust the number. And so there is a lot that -- it's hard to predict the timing of acquisition flows for the remaining 3 quarters. So right now, we still see about 1.5%, which is what I said on last quarter's call. Obviously, we'll provide an update at the end of the second quarter. But right now, think in terms of about 1.5%. In the first quarter, it was just below that. So I mentioned that our organic growth, which is very important to us, was just over 8% and then the balance of that, by definition, below 1.5% was inorganic.

Growth Markets, I'm certainly not going to suggest that we're going to comment on mid-teens growth over the long term. But again many of the things that Pierre has been talking about in terms of being diversified and broad-based, we see that in our Growth Markets model as well. When you talk about Growth Markets at Accenture, while we have a lot of great stories, for us, it really starts with Japan. And when you look at the business that we have built in Japan, which in the context of the Japanese market, is a reflection of the Accenture Strategy in the sense that it's diversified across several industries and it represents the full scope of the services that we provide from consulting to operations. That creates some resiliency for all the reasons that Pierre mentioned in the Japanese context. And so that will give us some resiliency and durability over time. Japan's not the other -- the only story. We have other important markets. If you think about our business in Australia. You go to Latin America, even in the context of challenging macro conditions in Latin America, we actually have had very strong growth in Latin America, again, for all the reasons that Pierre has mentioned in terms of our go-to-market strategy and what we're doing to be relevant to our clients, leverage our investments and to have durability in our model. So I'm not going to guide to a double-digit percentage, but we feel very good about our Growth Markets business. Pierre?

Yes, absolutely.

Yes. We -- let us maybe come back to that in the right public forum, but we'll come back and try to give some insight on that maybe on our next call.