Thank you, Angie. And thanks, everyone, for joining us.
Today, we are very pleased to announce strong financial results for the first quarter, continuing our momentum from fiscal year '19. We are especially pleased with our revenue growth of 9% in local currency, well ahead of the market, which is broad-based across all dimensions of our business. We also delivered strong profitability and again returned substantial cash to our shareholders. Our strong results across industries and geographic markets reflect the diversity and scale of Accenture's business around the world. We are very well positioned to continue creating value for all our stakeholders. We're off to a great start in Q1, and we feel confident in our ability to deliver another strong year in fiscal '20.
Now let me hand it over to KC, who will review the numbers in detail.

Thank you, KC.
Our first quarter performance reflects continued strong demand for our services as well as the disciplined execution of our growth strategy. Accenture is uniquely positioned to partner with our clients to successfully achieve transformation across the enterprise. We have unparalleled technology capabilities and ecosystem partnerships, deep industry and function expertise, a focus on continuous innovation, digital at scale and incredibly talented people. We create value for our clients, from building out their digital core to helping them innovate across their growth agenda and realize significant value from optimizing their operations.
The New, digital, cloud and security, is now our core, accounting for about 65% of total revenues; and we are focused on continuous innovation across these services. In cloud, for example, we have more than 300 patents and pending patent applications. We have 90,000 cloud professionals; and are the leading global partner of Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform and Microsoft Azure. And I am very pleased that we just launched myNav, a groundbreaking new platform to help clients accelerate their cloud transformations. Identifying the right cloud solutions can be complicated, so the key is simulating and testing a scaled-up model to quantify value and build the business case, giving clients confidence in the potential benefits so they can move forward quickly. This is just another great example of our continuous innovation mindset and how we drive speed to value for our clients.
Over the past few months, I have been spending time in many of our key geographic markets around the world, meeting with our clients, our people and our ecosystem partners. We have scale in every major market, and we are the leader: #1 in both North America and Europe; and #3 in Growth Markets, where we continue to rapidly gain market share. As an example, we have reached scale in China with more than 17,000 people, and this is a key strategic market for us and our global clients.
Let me double-click on our major markets, our 8 largest countries as we move around the world: the U.S.; the U.K., Italy, Germany, France and Spain in Europe; and Japan and Australia in the Growth Markets. These countries account for nearly 80% of our revenues, and they all generate $1 billion or more in annual revenues. They also are home to more than 85% of our 200 Diamond clients, our largest relationships with the world's leading companies. Our extensive global presence has always positioned us uniquely in the market to deliver best-in-class global programs for the largest multinational companies. And today, it has created yet another competitive advantage, which is the ability to create value at speed and scale by leveraging our global expertise tailored to the local context. Leveraging our global network of more than 100 innovation hubs that we have built over the last few years, we can bring innovation from every corner of the world to our clients. And while the theme of transformation is common across the globe, it plays out at the intersection of industry, technology and geography. We see growing and significant differences by country, while at the same time, our global footprint gives us the opportunity to leverage our learnings and our talent from around the world to accelerate outcomes for our clients.
Let me bring this to life with a few examples from our Resources business. The ways in which energy is produced, consumed and distributed are changing dramatically, but the shape and pace of the change and the opportunities for Accenture are different around the world. In Europe, we are working with clients in France and Italy to help them succeed in the transition to a low-carbon economy. For ENGIE, the French multinational utility company, we are teaming with Salesforce and Vlocity, in which we have a minority investment, on a global unified CRM platform for more than 15,000 employees. The new platform gives ENGIE a common intelligent view of its customers across more than 70 countries and empowers employees to strengthen customer relationships and provide personalized recommendations to support ENGIE's new 0 carbon transition strategy for the Fortune Global 500. In Italy, we are collaborating with Snam, which operates the largest gas transmission network in Europe, to identify Internet of Things technologies on the Microsoft Azure platform leveraging connected devices as well as machine learning, artificial intelligence and advanced analytics to optimize the monitoring and maintenance with energy infrastructure to make it smarter and more sustainable as well as more efficient.
In the United States, we are working with Southern Company, the gas and electric utility, which is building the first new nuclear reactor in the U.S. in 30 years. Partnering with Southern Company, Accenture built a new cloud-based construction work management system on the Amazon GovCloud platform from scratch in just 6 months. This enabled Southern Company to expand and accelerate plant construction as it strives to bring this clean, carbon-free energy production online for 500,000 homes and businesses.
Let me pause for a moment and take a step back. Each of these examples demonstrates the power of our unique business model, which spans services from strategy to operations, with digital and technology at the core. This enables us to create the multidisciplinary teams that are needed to not just create a vision of transformation but to execute and scale and give our clients the confidence that they will achieve real value. If you think about the environment our clients are navigating, unprecedented change, the need for speed and major investments to drive their enterprise transformation, our unique model and capabilities give us an incredible competitive advantage to be the partner of choice for the world's leading companies.
Now let me turn to Accenture's greatest and undeniable strength, which is our people. During the first quarter, the number of Accenture people surpassed 500,000, a significant milestone. I want to thank each and every one of them for their incredible commitment and dedication to serving our clients. As always, we continue to strengthen our leadership team, which now includes more than 8,000 managing directors. I was delighted that, earlier this month, we promoted 787 new managing directors and senior managing directors, including a record 260 new women managing directors, accounting for 36% of the promotions to this level.
And before I turn it back to KC, I just want to mention some of the great recognition we have recently received for our long-term success and cutting-edge capabilities. We are especially proud that Droga5, which joined Accenture Interactive last April, was named agency of the decade by Adweek, which characterized Droga5 as a dominating creative force. Interbrand ranked Accenture #31 on its list of top global brands, our highest ranking ever. Our brand value increased 14% for the second year in a row. And I want to recognize Amy Fuller, our Chief Marketing Officer; her team; and all our people for this great work to continually strengthen the Accenture brand.
With that, I'll turn it over to KC to provide our updated fiscal '20 business outlook.
KC?

Great. Let me give you a color, Lisa. And thanks for joining us. So our acquisition strategy continues to be centered really around 3 focus areas. The first is scaling in the hot skill areas, where we see a big market opportunity. The second is continuing to add skills and capabilities in the New, and then the third is deepening our industry and functional expertise. And as you might imagine, acquisitions don't always fit exactly into 1 of those 3. They often cross those, so let me just give you like a little bit of sense of just the 3 that we just announced in the last few months.
And if you start in the U.S.: We've announced that we're buying, we're acquiring Clarity Insights, which is a leading provider of data science and applied intelligence capabilities. They're very focused on 3 industries: health care and financial -- banking, capital markets and insurance, which are priority areas for us globally and in particular in the U.S. And at the same time, they bring with them accelerators that will help us bring more speed to value for our clients. And they're focused on one of our most important markets, so they're helping us scale where we already have scale, but it's a very hot area in applied intelligence because it really crosses our services. Then if you move around the world and go to Europe: Silveo, which we announced and expect to close actually just in a couple of days, which is headquartered in London, they're a company that's focused on supply chain and manufacturing and particularly solutions on SAP and Dassault Systèmes, which are both important partners. And so they are very much a part of our Industry X.0 strategy and, at the same time, providing scale and functional expertise in core areas for us, SAP, Dassault Systèmes and supply chain. And then if you move again around the world, to China, where I was just there a few weeks ago. We're really excited about FutureMove Automotive. I actually spent a few hours there myself, really touching and feeling the work that they're doing. And they're a digital and mobility service provider for the automotive industry in China, incredibly advanced, all right, working with leading automakers there. And what's so exciting is not only does this acquisition help us really partner with our clients in China, but their advanced services and what they're doing with the connected car is something we'll be able to leverage and bring as innovation all around the world because we have important clients who are not only operating in China but in the U.S. and Europe. And so that just sort of gives you a flavor. And as you can probably tell, I'm so enthusiastic about what our team is delivering here because it's very much targeted on making an impact close to clients in our markets around the world but also bringing us skills that we can leverage around the world.

It's very much more of the same in the sense of enterprise-wide transformation; and then a focus on innovation, particularly around the growth agenda; and then continuing to optimize operations. And that -- really that's been the theme and it continues to be the theme. In fact, I think, since September 1, I've met with over 100 C-suite executives. And I am very confident of that we have a pulse on the demand and that we have the capabilities they need.

Joe, this is Julie. So maybe just kind of going across, let me just start with Financial Services, all right? So on the Financial Services side, as you say, Europe continues to be a challenging market in the industry and for us. And so we expect that we're going to continue to face challenges there, particularly in the UKI, all right? But overall our Financial Services business, if you look at North America, and the Growth Markets remains robust, all right, but we continue to expect challenges in Europe. If you just look at -- take it up a -- across the dimensions of our business and our industries: North America delivered very strong results. We are seeing continued momentum there. We have a very strong business in Europe. And so while we've got pockets of pressure in Financial Services, the other area I would call out in Europe is we have seen pressure in industry and automotive, but otherwise, Europe remains a strong business. And in fact, 12 out of 13 of our industries this quarter had positive growth. And then the Growth Markets keep being strong really across the board. And the only other place of pressure that I would call out was in North America we did also see, not surprisingly, some pressure in industry and automotive.

Yes. And Tien-Tsin, I would say, as we talked about last quarter, from the revenue side we are very pleased with mid- to high single-digit growth. And you're going to have some quarters you're in mid. You have some quarters you're in the high growth. That's the zone we want to be in because the context for our strategy and consulting business, you need to look at it in the context of our overall business. Big drivers of growth are the fact that we can bring together these multidisciplinary teams to drive enterprise-wide transformation, all right? That is our huge competitive advantage. It's the demand that we see in the market, all right? And it's our ability to actually go from strategy to operations to field these teams that really is what is -- that drives big growth in our business. And of course -- but at the core, we've got the digital and technology. So we look at our strategy and consulting business in the context of the needs we are trying to fulfill for our clients, which are very much around these multidisciplinary teams that span our services, which frankly nobody else can do, right, at our scale.

Sure. I mean maybe let's just start with our philosophy, right, around people and size because, every time we hit a milestone, it's always can you keep doing it. Are you able to [ kit ] the people? And so first of all, our philosophy is that we can continue to grow in size, as long as we're -- what our people are doing is the high-value work that drives our financial objectives, all right? And so we're very focused on what our people are doing versus how many people we have because the size part of it is about our ability to manage, and we're really good at that, right? Like, over the years, we've made the adjustments. We've done the things we need to do to focus on our clients and our people. And so the big focus for us is on what our people are doing, which ties to the demand that we see in the market, right. We are early innings of digital transformation, enterprise-wide transformation. We are constantly seeing new emerging tech. For example, we're doing some great work with [indiscernible] in Japan, where we're putting in one of the most significant early examples of using blockchain to drive their business. They're creating a platform that allows their customers to access other financial products. That's very new, cutting edge, right? We're still at the beginning. So we see the demand for these new high-value services still quite early. Then you look at the model itself is we don't see the model today as being linear. I mean one of the things that people often talk about is, well, you're continuing to grow, but underneath that is we've been automating. We've been using people and their talents differently. I mean we often talk about the automation in our operations business where there we actually didn't let people go. We automated and then upskilled them to do the higher-value work but not just in operations, if you look at our other assets. So we are constantly -- we don't have a linear model today because we are constantly doing what we're doing for our clients is leveraging technology to change the mixture of how we are using tech and our people to, again, continue to focus on the higher-value services. And so we are -- and I -- hopefully, that gives you kind of a color for how we think about our model.

Thanks, Harshita. That's a -- it's a great question. And we often internally talk about the analogies because, as you'll remember with Accenture Interactive, that was a -- or that growth came from a mixture of both inorganic and organic and very much fueled, though, by the power of Accenture. So even as we were bringing in -- as we've been bringing in skills and capabilities that we didn't have traditionally like a Droga5 and, before them, Monkeys and Karmarama, these creative agencies, the value proposition for our clients is to take these other capabilities and pair them with the traditional strengths of Accenture, for example, in building digital platforms. And that is what has been able to drive the growth in Accenture Interactive. And as we look at Industry X.0, this is an opportunity for us to serve areas of the company that we serve today but not as much at scale just like with Accenture Interactive. We weren't as relevant to the CMO and as we are today once we've built Accenture Interactive as well as new business creation. In Industry X.0, well, of course, we have served and we have still significant practices in manufacturing, in supply chain. Industry X.0 is really about the  digitization of manufacturing, the creation of connected products and then also these digital platforms and engineering around the software. And while again we're in -- just like Accenture Interactive, when we began, we're in parts of these. What we're doing is we're adding the complementary skills that will allow us to take the power of Accenture and really scale and bring all of that to our clients who themselves are going through a whole change because manufacturing is now being digitizing. And it's the convergence of IT with operating technology. And we expect to grow Industry X.0, as we have with Accenture Interactive, through a combination of organic and inorganic. So you saw us last year buy companies like Mindtribe and Pillar in the U.S., which are all about connected products. We saw the FutureMove acquisition I just mentioned in China, which is about automotive and connected services; Silveo in London, which is just the recent, and that's really about digitizing manufacturing, leveraging our ecosystems. But at the same time, we're building on the scaled digital and technology capabilities which is what our clients need to do as we all go through, we see this transformation to digitize these areas of the company that haven't been digitized in the same way that you have the customer front end.

Yes. And Bryan, I will just add, this is Julie, that, again as I talked about earlier -- although obviously we look at strategy and consulting, tech services and operations separately and report on that, remember that our focus really has been, because of the demand we see in the market, on our unique business model that brings these services together. And so it's not so much -- you can't really -- for us, the way we manage our business, it's not that, wait, there's a big surprise in strategy and consulting because -- KC is giving the answer around industries and clients because a lot of our work is actually bringing all of these services together to meet the needs we're seeing in the market. And so while we do report this to give you that insight into the types of work, when we are thinking about what's happening, it's much more focused -- it is only focused on clients. What are their needs? And how are we bringing these services together? And that really is the power of Accenture is that we're able to bring these services together. And if you think about what our clients need right now, I mean -- as I said, I've literally in the last 4 months -- almost 4 months spent time with over 100 C-suite executives. And top of mind for them is the importance of making sure they're going to get value. And that's why they want to partner with us is because we're bringing the teams and we're able to really give them confidence and outcomes. And we're able to point to the execution we've done with other clients and demonstrate the value and that we're bringing that learning. And I think, particularly as we see this inflection in the marketplace moving from pilots and use cases to this enterprise-wide transformation, multiyear programs, it's more important than ever that we're able to bring these services together for our clients.

Sure. Well, I -- Kimberly-Clark is a great example of what we see is the demand in the market, which is for a company to bring together not only world-class creative but the digital capabilities as well as the advisory capabilities to truly transform the customer experience, all right? And you hear that term now a lot. We believe we're the only company today that actually has all of the capabilities that are needed in order to deliver a very different customer experience. And so while I know you think of it as going up straight against the agencies, we think -- what we think about it is what the clients are looking for is not just the creative agency. And you see that in the industry as the industry, the broader creative industry, is also expanding into these capabilities. The fact of the matter is very difficult to have creative. It's equally difficult to have depth and breadth in the digital and technology capabilities that our clients need. And so we believe that our competitive advantage here is to have such strong creative capabilities coupled with like just unparalleled digital and technology capabilities at a huge scale in every major market. Because remember, Accenture Interactive, we have built around the world, right? And we've got it -- and I was in the studios in China. We have it in Australia, across Europe as well as the U.S. So we're extremely proud of the work that Accenture Interactive, under the leadership of Brian Whipple, but -- his entire team have done that is powered by the rest of Accenture, right. All of these skills and capabilities. That is very hard for anyone to replicate, in our view.

Well, I guess what I'd say is, if you think about what we're doing with respect to, for example, Accenture Interactive, that work is almost always a combination of marketing plus CIO, often plus the business units, right, because the work is not -- really is around customer experience. And so where the budget sits really varies by company. In some companies, you'll have budgets sit with the Chief Digital Officer, all right? So what we -- our focus is less on the specific budgets and more how are we serving the different needs of the enterprise. So if you just -- and you -- and remember we go back to really -- we think about it in 3 things: building the digital core. So 40% of our business growing double digit today is in our Intelligent Platform Services, our 5 big platforms, because that's all about next-gen platforms, all right? Similarly, our cloud business is there. Then we have the optimizing operations. So you've got a $6 billion scaled business growing high single digit to double digits, right, which is all about optimizing and making sure that within the functions as well as industries they've got access to the best technologies in a most efficient way. And then on top of that, you have the growth agenda, like Accenture Interactive which is $10 billion we announced last quarter, with strong growth; as well as the new areas like connected products and services. And so we continue to focus. Our big next focus area is Industry X.0, which is growing on our historic work in manufacturing and supply chain to the New and really going after that part of the enterprise along with the market because that's not digitized as fast as, say, customer experience. And that's really how we think about the business.

Yes, okay. Thanks, Bryan. So thanks, everyone, again for joining us on today's call.
We are very pleased with our strong start in fiscal '20, as you've just heard. And we are well positioned to achieve our updated business outlook for the year. We will stay laser-focused on continuing our current momentum, capturing the opportunities in the marketplace and creating value for our clients and all of our stakeholders. I want to wish you all, our investors and analysts and everyone at Accenture and your families, all the best for the new year. And finally, I want to thank each of our people around the world. You are what makes Accenture unique and special.
I'll see everyone on the road.