Thank you, Angie, and thank you, everyone, for joining. And thank you to our 710,000 people around the globe for their extraordinary work and commitment to our clients, which resulted in delivering another very strong quarter of financial results and creating significant 360-degree value beyond our financials for all our stakeholders. 
Here are a few highlights of the 360-degree value we created this quarter. Starting with our people, we continue to invest their skills, and they completed 10.6 million training hours, which averages to 16 hours per person this quarter. 
We're incredibly pleased to be recognized as a top 10 Great Place to Work for 2022 in countries representing 76% of our people: Argentina, Brazil, France, India, Japan, Mexico, the Philippines, U.K. and the United States. Specifically on the U.S. list, we are particularly proud that Accenture jumped 38 spots in 1 year to rank #6. Overall, this is the 14th consecutive year that Accenture has been recognized by Great Place to Work. 
Also of particular note, in India, not only were we ranked #10 by Great Place to Work, Business Today recognized India -- Accenture in India as #4 of the best companies to work for, marking our 11th consecutive year on the list. All of these recognitions reflect a tangible demonstration of our commitment to our people.  
The strong demand for our people and services and trust from our clients are once again seen in our strong bookings of $17 billion, which represents 15% growth in local currency. Compressed transformation continues, with another 18 clients with bookings over $100 million, bringing the total year-to-date to 74, which is 20 more than the same time last year. We had revenue growth of 27% in local currency continuing to take significant market share, growing nearly 3x the market while delivering margin expansion of 10 basis points.  
Our ongoing investment in our communities was reflected this quarter in how we are leveraging our expertise in digital learning and collaboration, partnering with UNICEF's Generation Unlimited on the new Passport to Earning platform program to equip 10 million young people, ages 15 to 24, with digital skills across 10 countries to prepare them for work. This program went live this quarter in India, the first and largest country of the 10.  
As always -- well, as always, we are staying close to our clients and our ecosystem partners to help them succeed today and to anticipate the needs of the future. And our very strong financial results this quarter reinforce the trust our clients and partners have in our ability to do so. 
Over to you, KC.

Thank you, KC. As we shared at our recent Investor and Analyst Day, we believe there are 5 forces that our clients must harness over the next decade that -- and that, in turn, will drive our growth: Total enterprise reinvention, talent, sustainability, the Metaverse continuum and the ongoing tech revolution. 
Today, we continue to see strong demand across our markets, services and industries, which is being driven primarily by 2 of these 5 forces: Total enterprise reinvention, which involves transformation of every part of every business, leveraging technology with new ways of working and engaging with customers and employees and new opportunities for growth; and talent, which requires every business to be able to access talent, be a talent creator, not just a talent consumer and to unlock the potential of their people.
Compressed transformation continues, with our clients seeking to execute bold programs in accelerated time frames, often spanning multiple parts of the enterprise at the same time, when in the past, they may have taken a more sequential approach. This desire for speed with strong execution is driving our growth as clients partner with us because of the breadth and depth of our capabilities, the insights that come from our scale, global footprint and our deep functional industry and cross-industry expertise. And they partner with us because they trust us and because we are trusted partners with a technology ecosystem which are also critical to our clients' transformation. 
While the current macroeconomic environment affects industries and markets differently, the common theme across our clients is that all strategies, whether for growth, cost or resilience, lead to technology, particularly cloud data and AI, and our clients turn to us to be able to effectively use technology to achieve their goals. 
Let me bring this demand environment to life. We help our clients execute total enterprise reinvention by helping them build their digital core, optimize operations and accelerate growth. Cloud, data and AI are fundamental to a strong digital core. 
We are working with The Clorox Company, a leading multinational manufacturer and marketer of home care, household and health and beauty products for consumers, as well as products and technologies for professional customers. The company is undertaking a broad digital transformation that will touch every aspect of the enterprise. We will help the company modernize business processes, streamline their operating model, leverage advanced data and analytic insights and establish a future-ready technology foundation to deliver new levels of customer and consumer experiences, accelerate go-to-market activities and enable a more agile and resilient supply chain so they can lead and shape the consumer goods industry. 
We are helping New Look, a global fashion retailer, migrate its existing e-commerce platform to the cloud and strengthen its technology foundation to enable a seamless experience across stores, online, mobile and social media. AI and machine learning will create greater efficiency, increase sales and provide the flexibility to scale for growth and overcome industry disruption. The company is committed to infusing sustainability into their transformation road map, using innovation as an accelerator toward their own 2040 sustainability targets, all of which promises to keep the company in step with the store of the future, the speed of the fashion industry and the demands of their stakeholders. 
And as we build the digital cores of our clients, security is more important than ever. Our integrated capabilities, from identity to threat intelligence to managed security services to incident response, are critical as our clients respond to increasing risk and expand their digital footprint. 
We are helping a large health care services provider assess their cybersecurity and business resilience levels. With much of their growth coming through mergers and acquisitions, technology and security have become more challenging to manage with multiple security providers, data centers and environments. We helped design a cloud strategy and secured their backups in the cloud with an end-to-end cybersecurity approach that will provide flexibility as they continue to acquire more companies. We are also providing a managed security service, from cyber resilience to threat intelligence, to monitor their infrastructure and their security products, improving their ability to protect against future attacks. 
Our clients value our unique combination of capabilities, from strategy and consulting to technology to managed services, because it enables us to deliver holistic solutions and expands their access to digital talent. 
We are helping Infinera Holdings, a Japan-based infrastructure construction services company, digitally transform operations in finance and HR through a data-driven approach. Through our managed services capabilities and our SynOps platform, we will help the company shift to intelligent operations by standardizing and automating key business processes, driving efficiency and productivity, reducing operating costs and providing greater opportunity for their people to focus on high value and strategic growth areas, such as business design and digital experience. 
Shifting to the next digital frontier in the enterprise. Our Industry X capabilities are digitizing engineering and manufacturing to reimagine the products our clients make and how they make them, and to build a greater resiliency, productivity and sustainability. 
We are partnering with a German multinational corporate manufacturer of luxury vehicles to develop an in-car software platform that will power the central intelligence unit for personalized driver interaction, information, convenience functions and entertainment. The platform provides a continuous flow of customer data to the automaker, enabling it to enhance vehicle functionality and create the superior customer experience that the automaker is renowned for. 
We are helping Albras, the largest producer of primary aluminum in Brazil, to increase its productivity, energy efficiency and minimize greenhouse gas emissions by creating a new smelter control system operated over a new IoT architecture that utilizes cloud platforms for data storage and machine learning. Data insights will enable better visibility of gas emissions around the clock, allowing operations to be proactively managed, leading to increased energy efficiency and operational safety as well as additional sustainability strategies to reduce their carbon footprint. 
Sustainability, 1 of the 5 forces shaping the next decade, continues to be a growing priority area for our clients. And they value our ability to help them achieve their sustainability goals as part of their larger transformations, such as the Albras example, and directly as part of sustainability-focused engagements, such as the work we are doing for Pos Malaysia's Berhad, the national operator running Malaysia's largest post and parcel delivery network. 
We are helping Pos Malaysia Berhad to embrace a data-driven approach to reducing emissions, cutting waste and upgrading its employees' digital skills. Best-in-class solutions for environmental, social and governance benchmarking plus the sustainability implementation road map and a skills for the future program will lead to dramatic reductions in direct waste in Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions, along with rapid progress on workforce upskilling. 
We continue to build our capabilities in this area both organically and inorganically. We are pleased that this quarter, we announced 3 new sustainability acquisitions: Greenfish, akzente and Avieco, extending our reach and enhancing our ability to deliver deep skills and expertise to clients in ESG measurement and nonfinancial reporting, net zero strategy and regulation and real-time data analytics. 
Our unmatched ability to access, create and unlock talent is valued by our clients as a key component of their compressed transformations, such as Pos Malaysia Berhad. In other cases, we help provide our clients access to talent through our managed services, and we help them become talent creators by having their shared services groups join Accenture, where they can benefit from our ability to transform, upskill and provide new career pathways. 
For example, we are working with BNL, a leading Italian banking group and subsidiary at BNP Paribas, on a compressed transformation, just 18 months from start to finish, that will leverage our SynOps platform, maximize our client's existing talent and reduce total cost of ownership. We will consolidate data to provide deeper analytic insights and a better customer experience with tailored services and faster fulfillment times for customer requests. 
As part of this transformation, more than 500 people from their team will move to Accenture, where we will leverage their industry-specific skills while also providing opportunities for professional development, enabling BNL to focus on strategic growth and benefit from this upskilling. 
We also do work with our clients that is primarily focused on their talent agenda. For example, we're collaborating with a large utility who is creating thousands of clean energy jobs in areas like renewable electricity generation, energy-saving homes and buildings and sustainable transportation. They are doing so for unemployed, underemployed and low to middle income residents. 
We are developing a recruitment, employment and tracking platform that matches people's skills with available positions, leveraging AI and market insights. This solution reduces hiring time, improves the candidate experience and unlocks talent potential to create jobs for the underrepresented residents who need the most. 
We are uniquely positioned to help our clients drive cost efficiencies and their growth agenda. As you may have seen, Accenture Interactive will now go to market as Accenture Song to reflect the fundamental change in the way companies must engage with customers and the incredible speed at which they need to operate and innovate. Song is uniquely operating at the intersection of creativity, technology and intelligence to help our clients reinvent connections and meaningful experiences, including sales, commerce, marketing, new business platforms and the Metaverse continuum. 
We are helping a North American multibrand retailer scale their digital business and accelerate growth while reducing operational costs up to $100 million over the next 5 years. Together, we are designing and implementing a new multiproduct platform to improve the customer experience and enable the use of data and insights to drive increased engagement and better business performance overall. 
While still very early, we are seeing our clients look to take advantage of the Metaverse, another of the 5 forces. For example, we are collaborating with an international property developer, MQDC, to develop their business model and design their customer experience in the Metaverse. 
As you can tell, this continues to be an exciting time for Accenture as the depth and breadth of our business allows us to help our clients with innovative and impactful work. 
Back to you, KC.

Sure. Thanks, Tien-Tsin. So we don't predict the macroeconomics. So what we do is really focus on what has helped us be successful. And obviously, every financial situation is going to be different. The pandemic. We don't know how this is going to be versus what was happening a decade ago. And so let me just focus on why we are in a strong position. 
And that is, first of all, what's driving today is total enterprise reinvention. And so that means companies are trying to transform using tech, data and AI around the enterprise. And we've been investing for a decade to be in the position that we're relevant to the enterprise. And so we can do everything, as you saw in our examples, from HR and finance to manufacturing, right; to -- in the insurance industry, underwriting and claims, right? So -- and it's really the entire enterprise that we're relevant to, and that all gives us a huge power to help our clients. 
And you see that's happening right now. With the inflationary environment, you've got consumer goods companies focused very much on cost as well as growth. And we're able to help them do both, right? And on the other hand, you've got, say, the energy companies that have had a really rough cycle who now have the ability to invest more, continuing on their cost discipline, but trying to also drive their transition to clean energy, right, and to advance their digitization. And so our diversity in both what we can do and our diversity in industries is extraordinarily helpful. 
And then as you think about why we're a leader today, I just want to -- so to make sure people understand the power of the fact that we can do everything, from strategy to consulting to managed services. So if you just take a consumer goods company, one of the biggest areas of spend is in marketing. 
We have amazing strategists at Accenture, right? It's a huge group. It's really, really relevant. And what they bring is not simply, here, let's go after your marketing spend. That looks like the biggest spend. What they can say is -- and let me explain to you that the trend is to digitize, to use hubs, to not be as geographic-specific. And let me show you where we've actually executed that and are managing that service for some of the leading companies. That's what our strategists can uniquely bring. And we can talk to our clients and say, "And we can either help you build the capability or we can do it on your behalf because we can access to talent, we can move you more quickly." 
And so as we think about why are we strong today and how do we deliver on our enduring shareholder value proposition of growing faster than the market, delivering margin expansion, returning to shareholders and delivering 360-degree value, it's really based on this unique set of capabilities, these very strong, tested relationships. And then of course all of this underpinned by technology, where we're a powerhouse, and we are the leading partner of the largest and -- technology companies in the world. 
Operator, next question?

Yes, sure, Lisa. I mean, usually, we see an uptick in attrition from Q2 to Q3. We actually also see seasonally another uptick in Q4, which we'll expect to see. So this is kind of in line with prior patterns. And again, it's primarily driven by India at the lower end of our pyramid, which is highly competitive. At the same time, we're able to hire for the demand we see. And so -- and also, as we've commented before, our overall executive retention, which is the people who are driving our business every day, continues to be high. So not a lot of change, and these are really seasonal upticks.

Sure. I mean, the core of our business is how we manage supply and demand, right? And so we're -- our ability to -- we do have high attrition, right? So our ability to not, for example -- when I say high attrition, meaning, our industry has high attrition. So our ability to not hire to replace that attrition, right? 
So our core competency is managing supply and demand. And we have an ear to the ground with our clients, but we also have a lot of analytics around what we're seeing in open demand, what we're seeing in our pipeline. So we manage our business with great rigor and discipline, and we'll continue to do that throughout this cycle. 
And of course, I just want to make sure we're not walking past an incredible quarter from revenue and the bookings. And as KC said, we see continued strong demand going into the next quarter with another strong bookings quarter and another strong revenue quarter.

Sure. So first of all, as always, we call it like we see it. So today, we see strong demand, and we're not seeing a change in decision-making. What we are seeing is a shift, depending on the industry and the market, on what clients are asking for. So for example, in the industries like a consumer goods industry, you're seeing a lot more focus on cost than a year ago, right? With CEOs saying, "Hey, Julie. You know how I always used to talk to you about growth? Can we talk about growth and cost, right?" You're seeing more investment going into help me do more with less. And at the core of that is cloud, data, AI. 
You also see a big focus on can we go faster? And I was just meeting with a CEO last week who said, "Julie, can you just look at our strategy? And are we being transformational enough, right? Are we challenging ourselves to go fast enough?" And this is where the experience that we have of doing this, particularly over the last 2 years, where we saw this compressed transformation, is so important. 
I was just speaking with an energy company last week, where they -- like a lot of companies early on, when digital transformation started, say, 5, 6 years ago in the front office, they've been doing a bunch of experiments of digital twins around. And they're saying to us, "Okay, Julie, help us understand, where are we going to get the most value, but how do we scale?" 
And that's that unique combination we have of like we can understand from a strategic perspective, where's the biggest value? But I can then take -- like let me take you this company over here, different industry, that's been doing digital twins that we've just been massively scaling over the 18 months. Let's share with you the lessons learned on how to do that because it is the next digital frontier, there isn't as much experience, and now will help you go faster. 
So the context is different depending on the industry. I think every CEO is of course focused on the macroeconomic, and people like to use that as a catalyst for doing some of the harder things around cutting costs. And what we do, as Accenture, because we can help on all aspects of that, we also can embed in a growth conversation. 
You saw the example we used of a big retailer in the earnings, where we're helping them grow and we're taking out $100 million in costs at the same time, right? And that's what makes us so unique. And that's why we will just continue to stay very focused, and we're doing a lot in supply chain, that those conversations accelerated in Europe for obvious reasons. But they're really -- it's a global phenomenon, and we're doing a ton there. 
And of course, as we think about our business, when we look at the demand, we also look at, do we need to upskill any place because we're seeing more demand, say, in supply chain, or more demand in a particular industry? And that's where the agility of our learning, as you may recall, in the first 6 months after the pandemic, we upskilled 100,000 people to shift to cloud and collaboration technologies. 
So that's how we stay very close. And then we use these other tools we have, like our ability to upskill to make sure that we are responding to what our clients need.

Yes. And from a strategic point of view, we continue to believe that the mergers and acquisition, V&A as we call it, is critical to the way we grow. And there's 3 big reasons, right? 
The first is we will do it for scale. So you saw us do a lot of cloud acquisitions, for example, because we wanted to capture the momentum in the market and to build scale in countries. Like we did a big one in France, for example, where we didn't have the scale and we had a lot of market momentum. 
The second reason we do it is to move into adjacencies. So you saw us build Accenture Song, then Interactive, over years. We've used that very effectively with Industry X. So you saw that umlaut, a big acquisition last year, for example. And that continues. And you're starting to see that now in sustainability. We just announced 3 acquisitions. So where we're really going into new areas with new skills and capabilities. 
And then third, we're always looking to sort of continue to add in our industry and functional expertise. And that strategy has served us well, and we continue to believe that, that's an important part of our growth going forward.

Yes. We're not seeing any weakness in those results. And so we continue to really stay close to our clients. There's -- as I talked a little bit about earlier, there's a shift in focus in many of the more impacted industries and across the board around things like energy efficiency, right? And so our strength in, for example, manufacturing and sustainability is helping us drive conversations and helping our clients get more energy efficient for obvious reasons, given the background in Europe. 
Supply chain, lots going on in supply chain as you think about what we're doing there. We're doing everything, from helping them have greater insights. So we're working with a food retailer, for example, to understand how they can anticipate disruptions better and earlier using data and analytics. So supply chain is a big topic. And then cost because everyone is anticipating at least a continuation of the inflationary environment that we're seeing globally. And so cost becomes a big focus. 
So it's today, again, all roads lead to not just technology, data and AI, but how do you use it to transform the business? Which is our sweet spot, right? That is what we do. We partner with the technology companies and our clients to help them use these technologies to get results. And that's what we're doing today. And that's the environment that we're seeing our clients need.

And I'd say on the captive side, it's more of a steady kind of -- it's been steady. I don't think I'd say ticked up or not ticked up. It's been steady for the last couple of years.

I think a couple of things. I'd start with the rebranding is really more around reflecting what we're doing today in Accenture Interactive. And that brand was kind of old because it started a decade ago, right, where -- and it doesn't really reflect kind of the -- particularly post-pandemic, which is really a complete use of technology, bringing in creative, using data and AI and moving very, very fast. 
So this is where you've got examples like we've given in the past is like a Jaguar Land Rover, where they're using managed services to personalize experiences and they're moving very, very quickly. And so Song just really captures better what, in fact, we are doing there. 
And from an operational perspective, it's just a natural evolution to bring together some of the brands that we've acquired over the years. As you know, we built Accenture Song through a very deliberate M&A strategy. And so I think a bit more of just kind of the natural evolution.

Yes. And I would just add that, remember, an industry isn't a monolith, right? So you had, coming out of the pandemic, in almost every industry, you had some percentage, we've talked about this, who went really fast. Now you've got others who are saying, "Wait a minute. We're seeing the impact of some of the leaders move faster on their digital transformations. 
And so for example, those who moved early to the cloud, we're now talking about the next phase of how do you utilize the cloud to drive new things? Remember our little formula, cloud is the foundation, data is the driver and AI is the differentiator. And so if you move to the cloud, now you're using the data in that differently, right, as opposed to those who still need to move to the cloud. Like we are very early in the transition. 
And so the way we think about it is, if you have a total enterprise, we walk our clients through, what's the digital core you need to have? Where are you on the maturity scale? And how do you prioritize? And so while we look at the industries as growing double digits, what's actually happening within the industry really depends on where you are in the maturity curve, and that's what drives our business, right? Because we can help the clients who are leaders go to the next level, and we're helping the ones that are behind try to leapfrog. 
And so I think it's important to look at it in that sense, is that you need to have granular, deep understanding of the industries and help our -- and we help our clients with that to know where to go next.

Great. Thanks, Jim. All right. In closing, we really appreciate everyone for joining us today, and thank you again to all of our people and our leaders for another outstanding quarter in every dimension, from our financial results to our 360-degree value beyond our financials. And thank you to all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support. We'll work hard every day to continue to earn it. All the best.