Thank you, Angie, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Fiscal '20 results demonstrate the relevance of our growth strategy, the resilience of our business and our people, our operational rigor and discipline, the power of the relationships we have with the world's leading companies and ecosystem partners and our ability to pivot rapidly to meet the needs of our clients and new ways of operating.
Fiscal year '20 also demonstrated the unique advantages of our long track record of focusing on being a responsible business, from our commitment to inclusion and diversity that has helped make us an innovation-led company, to our focus on investing in our people and their skills, to the way we live our core values, all of which help make us the trusted partner that our clients have turned to in the face of the ongoing global health, economic and social crisis.
And if there was ever any doubt, we clearly demonstrated that scale matters. We are unique in our industry for the scale of our digital, cloud and security capabilities, and for our leadership in all the services critical to building a company's digital core, transforming its operations and accelerating growth with our 4 services of strategy and consulting, interactive, technology and operations, as well as our deep industry experience and data and artificial intelligence capabilities. And we are also unique in the scale we have with large client relationships and across 13 industry groups with a global footprint. This scale has been core to our resilience in the second half of FY '20. Let me share a few highlights.
We are now approximately 70% in "the New"- digital, cloud and security, just when the need for these services, already high, accelerated dramatically as a result of COVID-19. In fact, in FY '21, we will no longer measure "the New" as "the New" is now our core. And as of March 1, with the new growth model, we have embedded digital everywhere. We will continue to share color on our growth drivers, including cloud and security as we continue to invest in these large, high-growth market opportunities. 
We ended FY '20 with 216 Diamond clients, which represent our largest client relationships, a net increase of 15 over the prior year. We transitioned seamlessly to our new growth model with a new global management committee to increase our agility in bringing together the power of our multiservice teams to our clients and to create greater opportunities for our people. And the new model and team successfully passed a challenging test, navigating the pandemic and emerging stronger. More on that later.
We committed to stronger bookings in Q4, and we delivered with our second highest bookings ever in the fourth quarter, finishing the year with a record $50 billion of sales.
In FY '20, we continued to increase our investments for the future at scale with $1.5 billion in acquisitions, $871 million in R&D in our assets, platforms and solutions, including growing our portfolio of patents and pending patents to over 7,900 and delivering a 6% increase in training hours for our 500,000 people, while reducing our training cost by 11% to $866 million due to our digital learning platforms. We are now 45% women, on track for our 2025 goal of a 50-50 gender balance. And this month, we announced ambitious new goals to increase our African-American and Black and Hispanic American and Latinx communities in the U.S. And despite the unprecedented uncertainty and volatility, with the pandemic declared only a few days before we had to give guidance for Q3, we called it like we saw it for each of Q3 and Q4 and delivered within our guidance. For the full year, we delivered either within or above our guided range and continued to deliver growth ahead of market modest margin expansion and record free cash flow.
Our resilience begins with an exceptional leadership team and our incredibly talented and dedicated people. Before I turn over to KC, I want to thank each of them for what has truly been an exceptional year that we should all be proud of. KC, over to you.

Thank you, KC. From an overall demand perspective, the trends that we discussed last quarter are continuing. Companies need to accelerate their digital transformation across their enterprises and move to the cloud; address cost pressures, which vary by industry but are universal; build resilience; adjust their operations and customer engagement to a remote-everything environment; and find new sources of growth.
Now I will give you a little more color on the depth and breadth of our ability to deliver value to our clients in this environment through the lens of some of our 17 clients with new bookings over $100 million in Q4. Then I will turn to fiscal year '21.
Diebold Nixdorf, a global leader in services, software and hardware for the banking and retail industries, and Accenture have extended a strategic agreement to accelerate Diebold Nixdorf's multiyear digital and cloud transformation program, which includes streamlining its finance, human resource, IT and sales systems. The collaboration will unlock approximately $50 million of incremental savings through 2023, while improving business productivity, consolidating operations and enabling investment in innovation and growth opportunities.
Prudential Financial, a financial wellness leader and premier active global investment manager, has entered into an agreement with Accenture to transform its group insurance operating model by redesigning its processes, operations and technology to create simple, intuitive interactions between brokers, customers and employees that enhance financial wellness. New digital solutions designed by Accenture Interactive and powered by artificial intelligence and analytics from our SynOps platform and our operations team will provide more data-driven, seamless and human-centered experiences in onboarding, billing and claims processes, enhancing user satisfaction and, ultimately, revenue growth.
Halliburton, a leading global provider of products and services to the energy industry, Accenture and Microsoft entered into a 5-year strategic agreement to advance Halliburton's digital capabilities in Microsoft Azure. Halliburton will complete its move to cloud-based digital platforms, drive additional business agility, reduce capital expenditures and strengthen its customer offerings as well as achieve sustainability benefits by migrating all of its physical data centers to Azure.
A leading global automotive company has selected Accenture to migrate 55% of its applications over 18 months to the cloud, working with its ecosystem partners for the public cloud, AWS and GCP, and HPE for its hybrid cloud. This work will address both cost pressures and the need to transform their IT infrastructure to address obsolescence and provide digital experiences.
These examples are noteworthy for their diversity across industries, complexity requiring multiservice teams, strong ecosystem partnerships and using our assets, platforms and solutions. And many involve us delivering what we call 360-degree value, because we are creating agility, helping reskill our clients' employees or helping reduce their carbon footprint to the move to the cloud in addition to delivering clear financial value.
And stepping back for a moment. Our clients were being impacted by unprecedented change before COVID-19. Then came COVID-19, giving a whole new meaning to unprecedented and requiring our clients to change virtually every aspect of their business faster than ever before, and they are turning to us to help embrace that need for change and become stronger.
Turning to fiscal year '21. Our own formula for market leadership is enduring. We continually transform our business and embrace change to create more value for our clients with incredibly talented people. We view fiscal year '21 as turning a page. We are no longer navigating a crisis. We are facing a new reality, and we plan on returning to pre-COVID growth rates by the second half of this fiscal year, and we are ready. We are emerging from the second half of fiscal year '20 stronger than when we entered, which was our strategy.
As a leadership team, we set 5 measures of what stronger means, and we have met each of them. First, did we grow market share faster than pre-COVID? Check. We grew at approximately 4x the market in H2 as compared to 2x the market in H1. And as a reminder, when we say market, we were referring to our basket of publicly traded companies.
Second, did we execute on our big deal pipeline in H2 despite the crisis, which would be a proxy for enhancing our role as the trusted transformation partner? Check. In fact, we had 3 more clients with over $100 million of bookings in H2 compared to H1 of this year.  
Third, did we capture new growth opportunities? Check. We have had substantial new bookings in the health and public sector, such as the 10 states in the U.S. where we are doing contact tracing in remote collaboration services as well as cloud, security, supply chain and digital manufacturing, which helped offset a portion of the severe impact on some of our clients.  
Fourth, did we continue to invest in our business and our people? Check. Not only did we invest significantly in our business and increase our training hours, but we also created the capacity to pay our people meaningful bonuses for fiscal year '20 performance and are planning for a significant level of promotions in our upcoming December promotion cycle. And all of this, we believe, will distinguish us from our competitors.
And finally, fifth, did we continue to deliver consistently on our shareholder commitments? Check. And we also reduced structural costs through our new growth model and took to accelerate our fiscal year '21 usual level of performance management-related exits of around 5% each fiscal year so that we are preserving our talented workforce for the future while positioning ourselves for modest margin expansion and continued investment in our business in fiscal year '21.
Before KC gives you more details on our FY '21 outlook, I want to touch on Accenture Cloud first, which is an example of how we anticipate client needs and then act at speed and at scale. Last week, we announced the creation of Accenture Cloud First and a $3 billion investment over 3 years, which will be funded by prioritizing our expected investments across the business. Accenture Cloud First is a new multiservice group of 70,000 cloud professionals with more than 100,000 people providing cloud-related services, which brings together the full power and breadth of Accenture's industry and technology capabilities, ecosystem partnerships and deep commitment to upskilling clients' employees and to responsible business with the singular focus of enabling organizations to move to the cloud with greater speed and achieve greater value for all their stakeholders at this critical time. We have been building our cloud capabilities for the last decade and are a leader with approximately $12 billion in cloud revenue for FY '20, growing double digits, which includes our SaaS capabilities delivered through our Intelligent Platform Services business. This positioned us well to recognize that COVID-19 has created a new inflection point that requires every company to dramatically accelerate the move to the cloud as a foundation for digital transformation to build the resilience, new experience and products, trust, speed and structural cost reduction that the ongoing health, economic and societal crisis demands and that a better future for all requires.
Post-COVID leadership requires that every business become a cloud-first business, quickly moving from today's approximately 20% in the cloud to 80%. This is a "once in a digital era" massive replatforming of global business.
Accenture Cloud First works seamlessly with our Intelligent Platform Services, which focuses on our SaaS capabilities, which are an important part of replatforming global businesses. Recent wins include working with a leading consumer goods manufacturer on a global deployment of SAP S/4HANA, initially focusing on their central finance system and building a new digital backbone for the entire supply chain in China from purchasing to direct-to-consumer sales; working with the U.S. Air Force to establish a new cloud-based common infrastructure for its Oracle Enterprise Resources Planning program; working with a bank on the integration of their front office operations and enhancing customer relationships powered by Salesforce; and working with a top higher education research institution to implement Workday to transform their HR capabilities, to drive real-time data analytics and become a strategic partner across the organization.
And ServiceNow is another digital platform that is critical. For example, for a public service agency, we collaborated with ServiceNow to rapidly implement a cloud-enabled workflow solution, enabling millions of citizens to access government services while complying with dynamic pandemic health safety guidelines.
Now over to you, KC.

Yes. Tien-Tsin, I think what's important -- so in other words, we're not over-indexed in strategy and consulting versus the rest of our business and industries. And so how it's kind of worked with sort of 20% in severe industries, et cetera. 
As I talked about last quarter, right, when you think about strategy and consulting, it's a huge differentiator in sort of these transformational deals, and I'll talk about that in a minute. 
And then, as I said, the leading companies right now are very focused. So some of the smaller work that you would do to sort of incubate and to start doing things, companies are saying, and we're telling companies, focus on the big rocks that you need to do, right. And so what's playing out in the market isn't about sort of a weakness in strategy and consulting. It's a reflection of how our clients are thinking about their businesses and what they need. 
So I'm actually quite pleased with how well strategy and consulting is holding up. 
And the thing that's the most important is that this is how we're delivering 17 clients with over $100 million bookings, because each of these big transformations, like, require this deep understanding of industry and functions. And you see that in other places. 
For example, the Bank of England, we announced a deal there where we're helping them with their high-value payments infrastructure to support resilience and innovation, right. Digital payments and instant payments were huge before the crisis. As you know, it's changed dramatically. And because we understand the industry, we have cross-industry expertise in how digital payments are being used, right, as well as the understanding of data and the technology, those things come together to create this new system that improves resiliency, customer experience, access to data and end-to-end risk management. No one can do that, right, with all of those skills but us. Anything? Maybe next question.

So Lisa, and again, and I know all of you guys think very much about strategy and consulting and then the technology and operations separately. But in fact, as I've said consistently, including pre-COVID, we really think about our services together. But let me just give you an example of one of the most severely impacted industries, energy. 
So last week, I'm with the CEO and the leadership team of one of our major clients, and the meeting goes like this: The first part of the meeting is, thank you very much, Accenture, for helping us save money in finance and accounting operations because we lowered what they needed to create some -- help them with their cost pressures. 
Then the next part of the meeting is all about the IT modernization that we signed during Q3, right, which includes strategy and consulting. It includes our application outsourcing, maintenance. And it includes other technology services, right. And that was about -- because they have to continue to build their digital core, they need -- it's helping them with cost, but it's also about moving to the cloud. It's about creating those capabilities. 
Then the third part of the meeting was around some pilots that we're trying to shape with them that include -- that are -- it's driven by strategy and consulting, where the criteria is we need to turn them faster. So there's small pilots all about innovation, right. But the criteria we're helping them say is, well, how can you -- what should we do that will get more return, right, because they've got to balance, right. 
So again, we think about this as what are the needs of the client and how do we bring these services to deal with their short term, their longer-term transformation and also thinking very quickly about how they can innovate to get nearer-term returns. Does that help kind of bring that together in terms of how they're thinking?

Yes. I mean -- and Lisa, that's exactly what's happening. Because remember, before crisis, there was exponential technology change, right. I mean, just in January, we were talking about the big inflection point. Remember, it was back in 2013 that we first said every business is a digital business. So that was happening pre-COVID. 
What COVID has done -- we thought it would take a decade. It's now shortened to what we think is more like 5 years. That's why we announced Accenture Cloud First last week, because we think this is right, now the "once in a digital era" moment where we are rapidly moving to a complete replatforming of global business, right. It is hugely significant. And that's why having invested since 2014 when we first created digital in these capabilities is what's helping us, as you say, do so well in this incredibly difficult challenging macro environment.

Yes, which means, of course, H1, we've got -- still got the headwinds in terms of the compare. It's like the sunsets. But we're not saying, hey, but we're just going to get on. We're going to get an uplift.

It could be an upside, right. So -- but just on the demand side, you do have it right, Ashwin, in that there's -- what's happening right now is you've got certain things we're doing immediately, and then you have these bigger conversations that we're doing. That's how you saw 17 clients last quarter. We're continuing to shape a lot of these bigger things. 
If you take like supply chain, for example, with one client, we -- they needed immediate forecasting help because it's a pharma client that had to get PPE. So we worked quickly with SAP to put an integrated business planning, help forecasting, decrease critical shortages, while we're talking about a broader transformation of supply chain. 
Same thing for a leading health and personal care company. They needed a transportation management system, which we partnered with Blue Yonder to put in, to immediately address the issues about getting goods to different places. But we're talking about shaping an entire transformation of the supply chain to build in the resilience, get the data and the analytics, right. 
And so -- and that's what you're starting -- we're doing kind of everywhere, where we have the agility to quickly -- and by the way, the critical ecosystem partnerships to do that while at the same time we're shaping the larger conversations. That's happening in cloud as well, right. That's why we're doing Accenture Cloud First. We're oftentimes doing some immediate things, but we're shaping these bigger transformations, working with the public hyperscalers on the hybrid cloud, working with the hyperscalers as well as the HPE, VMware, Red Hat, Ciscos of the world, who are incredibly important partners as we shape this.

Yes. Look, on the decision-making, what's happening is what you'd expect to happen, right. Everyone had to make really fast decisions in how to navigate the crisis. So there are some things that are happening at lightning speed, right. When you have to figure out your supply chain or get up on Teams fast, you do that. We've seen some acceleration in the transformation deals, right, because they're like, we got to move faster to kind of get to that. And you have other places where they slowed down things, clients where we had 3 things teed up, and they're like, let's do this one and then let's wait and see on these others. 
And so I would just say it's very contextual right now and it varies also by industry. And of course, we're now going into kind of budgets for the end of the -- as you normally note, due in the fall season. So that will be -- and that will -- we'll see how that plays out as well.

Yes. And on remote -- on the work from home, right, that's -- I talked about the new reality, and we're going to be working differently, but it's going to be constantly evolving. 
So for example, we've got about 1,400 clients worldwide, where our people are back at the clients. We're encouraging our people to come into the offices with respect to doing collaboration. We're back to approving travel. Now it's massively restricted because you're not going to go to a place where you're quarantining. We've got some people who have childcare issues, who've got health issues, and that is the reality, right. And so we're going to continue to navigate that. And this, of course, is where we already were so remote that we're really good at being able to navigate that. But that's all about the new reality.

Great. So we're excited to turn the page and deliver for our clients, people, shareholders, ecosystem partners and communities in FY '21. We call this shared success, and it is a mindset we strive to live every day. Thank you to our people and leaders for how you come together to deliver on these commitments and shared success. And a special thank you to our shareholders for your continued trust and support. Be well, everyone, and thank you for joining.