Thank you, Angie, and thanks so much to all of you for joining on today's call. 
Before we get into the quarter, I want to take a moment to acknowledge Pierre and how important he was to Accenture throughout his decades-long career and his leadership as Chairman and CEO. From a personal standpoint, it's certainly a different feeling doing an earnings call without him. But as you'll hear in our comments, I'm confident Pierre would have been really pleased with all we accomplished in the second quarter and the first half of fiscal '19. 
With that said, we delivered outstanding results in the second quarter, and I want to share some of the highlights. 
We delivered record new bookings of $11.8 billion. We grew revenues 9% in local currency to $10.5 billion, with continued double-digit growth across many parts of the business. 
We delivered earnings per share of $1.73, a 9% increase on an adjusted basis. Operating margin was 13.3%, an expansion of 20 basis points. Our free cash flow was outstanding at $1.2 billion. 
And we continue to return substantial cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, including $2.7 billion on a year-to-date basis. Today, we announced a semiannual cash dividend of $1.46 per share, which will bring total dividend payments for the year to $2.92 per share, a 10% increase over last year. 
So with the first half of the year behind us, I feel very good about the broad-based strength of our financial results and the momentum we see across the business as we enter the second half. Later, KC will mention that we're raising key elements of our business outlook, and I'm confident in our ability to deliver another strong year. 
Now it gives me great pleasure to hand over to our new CFO, KC McClure, who will review the numbers in greater detail. Over to you, KC.

Thank you, KC. 
As I reflect on our second quarter and year-to-date results, I think they say a lot about the important attributes that truly differentiate Accenture as a market leader. Of course, the overarching headline is the consistency and durability of our strong financial performance, which KC described very well in her comments. But I think it's equally important to understand how closely aligned our results are with our strategic priorities because what drives the results is just as important as the outcome. So I want to take a few minutes to describe how our results clearly reflect our strategy in action. 
First, the foundation of our growth strategy is to drive strong momentum in "the New," and that has certainly been the case so far this year with continued double-digit growth across digital, cloud and security, even as these businesses have reached significant scale and now represent the majority of what we do. 
With Accenture Interactive, we continue to lead a significant disruption in the market, leveraging our position as the world's largest provider of digital marketing services with award-winning capabilities to help leading brands transform their customer experience. In fiscal '19, we have invested significantly in this area and have announced 6 acquisitions so far this year to further enhance our scale and differentiation in high-priority markets. 
In Applied Intelligence, we've also made significant investments to scale the business and strengthen our distinct positioning, which combines advanced analytics and artificial intelligence with our deep understanding of industries and business functions. We currently have more than 20,000 people focused on Applied Intelligence, including 6,000 deep in artificial intelligence and data science. And we've developed more than 250 proprietary, industry-specific assets that significantly differentiate us in the market. 
We're making excellent progress with Industry X.0, which is using advanced digital technologies to help clients transform their core operations, from R&D and engineering to production and aftermarket support. We're building a market-leading capability with more than 10,000 people supporting Industry X.0, and we continue to expand our capabilities in dozens of innovation centers in our global network, from Munich to Tokyo to Detroit. 
We're also rapidly scaling Accenture Security, where we made further progress this year in building a market-leading cybersecurity business. Today, we're one of the leading providers in this market, growing double digits year-to-date with revenues that we estimate will be well above $2 billion in fiscal '19. 
The second pillar of our strategy is Accenture Technology, which we believe represents the strongest technology capability in our industry. And so far this year, we've sharpened our focus on 3 key areas within Accenture Technology that power growth across our business. First, you've heard us talk about Intelligent Platform Services, where we're a global leader partnering with the largest players: SAP, Microsoft, Oracle, Salesforce and Workday. This business continues to account for about 40% of our total revenues and has grown double digits so far this year. 
Intelligent software engineering services is the next area of focus, where we're leveraging the capabilities of more than 30,000 engineering professionals to deliver products and custom systems in a time of accelerating technology disruption. We believe that demand for custom, cloud-based applications will grow significantly in the coming years, and we're well positioned to meet that demand. 
And with intelligent cloud and infrastructure services, we're a leading integrator for cloud partners such as Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud Platform, providing clients with powerful, differentiated solutions as they accelerate the adoption of cloud-enabled technologies. 
Accenture Operations is the third pillar of our strategy, and we continue to lead the market with new and innovative approaches to help clients drive top line growth and efficient and intelligent operations. During the second quarter, we introduced SynOps, our unique approach to orchestrating data, applied intelligence and digital technologies with human expertise to reinvent business processes and enable intelligent operations. Accenture Operations has contributed double-digit growth so far this year and in fact has been a consistent market leader with double-digit growth for 7 consecutive years. 
And to complete the picture, we've continued to invest in growing our strategy and consulting capabilities, which are the foundation of our deep and differentiated expertise. In the first half alone, we've scaled key growth areas in strategy and consulting with the addition of more than 400 new managing directors through promotions and external hires. And I was so delighted that Accenture was recognized just last week among the top companies in the Forbes ranking of American management consulting firms receiving more 5-star ratings than any other company. 
Of course, what makes Accenture truly special is our ability to combine our capabilities across these strategic areas of focus to drive large-scale transformational change for our client, and you see strong evidence of this in the $22 billion of new bookings we generated so far this year. 
Underpinning all of these strategic pillars are Accenture's unique position in the ecosystem, a relentless focus on innovation and the significant capacity we have to invest strategically and at scale. 
So in summary, our strong financial performance is the direct result of our ability to continue executing our growth strategy with a high level of focus and precision in all we do. 
Finally, our results also underscore the strength and depth of our leadership team and the resiliency of our organization. Accenture has always been a collection of extremely talented individual leaders who are motivated, first and always, by the power of the team, and that certainly is evident in our second quarter and year-to-date results. 
Before I hand it over to KC, I want to provide a brief update on our CEO succession. 
As you would expect, our board continues to execute a very rigorous and comprehensive process, which is going very well. Given the strength of our leadership bench, our expectation is that we will name an internal candidate and that the process will be completed by the end of this fiscal year. 
With that, I'll turn it over to KC to provide an -- to provide our updated business outlook. KC?

Well, Growth Markets has been a great -- has really been a great story for us. And as we've highlighted several times, the real strength of the Growth Markets has been what has been an amazing story led by our leader, [ Agawa-san ], in Japan. And in Japan, we do have a very broad based -- we believe, a very broad-based, durable business which reflects all of the elements of our strategy, which are constructed to create some durability. There are other important markets in the Growth Markets as well, though. For example, interesting, you look at Brazil, which is a market that even in the backdrop of some macro challenges, our Brazil business has been very strong. You look at China, for example, this quarter where we also had double-digit growth which is not material in the context of Accenture overall, but yet it's an important part of that Growth Market story. 
So if you're asking me would I expect that we will grow forever at the rates of growth that we've been at recently in Growth Markets, I wouldn't necessarily make that assumption, but we are extremely well positioned in the Growth Markets. And ultimately, what we -- the measure that we hold ourselves against is that we continue to grow significantly faster than the market and take share, and I think we're well positioned to do that in the Growth Markets going forward.

It is absolutely business as usual. What the -- the statement that I've made and our leadership team has embraced is we don't hit the pause button at all. So we continue to move forward. We operate. And I'm executing the responsibilities in the same way that Pierre would have executed them if he was on the call today. So no pause. We continue to drive our business forward.

Oracle.

Yes.

Yes, I mean, it's one of the important parts about what differentiates Accenture because when you look at our strategic areas of focus, as I outlined in my script, all of those things -- the common thread across all of that is that many of them are enabled by a strong strategy and consulting practice that is deep in both industry skills and differentiation but also in functional skills and differentiation. And that is part of the end-to-end model that we talk about at Accenture. And of course, the consulting and strategy capability underpins that and really, in many ways, is the tip of the spear for most of the pillars of our strategy. And as I mentioned, we continue to invest significantly in building that capability and staying ahead of the market.

Yes. So when you look at the risks that we've talked about, which includes Brexit and it includes the trade disputes among others, I mean, as you well know, really those risks still exist today. So our view of the macro environment, the potential for some slowdown in overall economic growth, that has not changed at all. Having said that, consistent with what we've said before, for global companies to operate in this volatile dynamic environment is the new norm, but it's been the new norm now for several years. And so as we talk to our clients, they continue to focus on, for the most part, driving their business forward. And the 2 themes remain the same. Our clients continue to focus on investing in digitizing their business, both for top line growth, differentiation in the market but also as a way to create operating efficiency in the business. And so we believe that companies continue -- for the most part, continue to be on their front foot, looking to invest in digitizing the business. And the other theme that continues to be at play maybe incrementally stronger is the whole focus on strategic cost management and cost rationalization, which is always aimed at creating capacity to invest more in "the New." And I think as we talked about last time, all of that really plays to our strength because where companies are investing is in these areas of new services, which, of course, is where we have put 100% of our focus. 
We also commented on the last call that we continue to see client budgets grow. I think we said last quarter they would grow in '19 maybe at a slightly lower clip but in the same range as what we had seen the previous year. We haven't seen anything that changes our point of view on that. And of course, the best illustration of that is the $11.8 billion in bookings that we just posted. 
And so look, the market is always challenging. There's nothing different about it today than it was a year ago. The market is never easy. It's always challenging. But as I talk to our C-suite executives and our clients, there is a willingness and a desire really to invest and drive the business forward, and that's not changed.

Yes, it is absolutely broad based. And it is an interesting point of view to share and it's an interesting trend that we see in the market, quite different from what you might have expected 3 to 4 years ago where everyone was talking about package, package, package. And if you think about it, it's easy to understand. As strong as the functionality is and the next-generation packages and platforms that companies are embracing, really to get the full power of the data, the artificial intelligence, the machine learning, there is the need to do a lot of custom app software development in the cloud, so to speak, to really exploit all of the advantages of kind of the broader landscape of new technology and new platforms. And I see that with our own company, and I see that with so many of our companies that I meet with. And so these are not -- as you would expect, these are not like large-scale, necessarily individual projects, but it's a rapid pace of quick development of custom apps in order to really exploit and take advantage of the power of data, artificial intelligence, machine learning, all of those things that require some customization for individual companies. And so I think it's broad based and pervasive, and it's really just the -- it's kind of the art, if you will, behind the power of the technology and really customizing that to the needs of a particular company.

Yes. And just to add to what KC said, just using what we've done -- what we've announced, let's say, really as of today, we've done roughly about 7 acquisitions in Accenture Interactive. We've done 3 in Industry X.0. We've done 4 in technology. If you look at technology, 3 of those were directly tied to deepening our skills in the platforms. I think there were a couple in Oracle and 1 SAP, as an example. There was another one around data and analytics. And then we had several vertical-specific acquisitions, several in Financial Services, as an example. And so I think that's a good representation of we're all about investing in "the New." So that's a good road map for our acquisition strategy as well as our highest-growth, highest-priority verticals. And that's a good road map going forward just as it's been in the past.

Yes. Well, first of all, when we look at digital as we define it, there's really not any aspect of our digital business that we consider to be late in cycle. I mean, look, so just -- let's just start there. If you look at Accenture Interactive, which is the business that, relatively speaking, is the most mature within our business, Accenture Interactive, if you look at the G2000 and if you look at the rate of adoption of the power of digital in really reimagining and recreating customer experiences and all of the analytics and revenue enhancement and all of the other offerings that go around that, the rate of adoption, while we are, let's say, several years into that cycle, there's still a lot of runway in that business going forward. I don't think you would find any G2000 company that would tell you that they think they're kind of done with that. That is an ongoing process, and so that has a lot of potential going forward. And of course, we're constantly investing and kind of reimagining in our business to find the next desk curve or the next growth curve, which is exactly what we're doing in Interactive as we speak. If you look at Industry X.0, I think that it's widely recognized that the potential of Industry X.0 is massive but yet very, very early cycle in terms of the adoption. And so if you look at the kinds of things that we are doing, digital services, factories for manufacturing companies, when you look at the adoption of intelligent products or connected smart products, digitizing the manufacturing process as a way to accelerate time-to-market, again that is very early adoption. And I think if you look at applied intelligence and -- I don't think you would find any company that says that they think they've arrived in terms of fully exploring -- exploiting the power of data, artificial intelligence, machine learning, et cetera. And I could continue on. Accenture Security. Companies have a big agenda, multiyear agenda still to really deal with all that is required to fully secure the enterprise, their customer -- data customer relationships, et cetera. And so we look at this as a longer cycle and a cycle where we are still early innings, if you want to use the baseball game analogy. So we think there's runway when you look at the elements of our digital business.

Yes. Well, I'll tell you what we believe, what we observe, and then we'll see -- at some point, perhaps we'll see how this plays out. But our observation is that with the pace of disruption in global business, with the pace at which industries are getting disrupted, companies are getting disrupted, there's a recognition, we believe, we see among companies that you cannot afford to hit the pause button. You cannot afford to slow down. And I think that when we hit the eventual soft spot, what you will see is companies doubling down more and pushing harder on the operational efficiency and cost rationalization agenda in order to fuel what is the lifeblood, which is constantly reimagining, reinventing and investing in growth, continuing up this adoption curve of the power of the new technology. And so what we see -- what we believe is that there's going to be resiliency in companies' willingness to invest in their definition of "the New" because to do otherwise would just fundamentally jeopardize the existence of the enterprise going forward. We'll see the extent to which that plays out, but that is the observation that we have.

I would say there's really no change. I think when you look at the Accenture and, let's say, the competitors that have been part of a disruption, and so I think about Deloitte Digital, PWC Digital, IBM has a business that is focused on this space to some extent, I think this is an attractive market. It's a -- top of the C-level agenda discussion. And so I think companies continue to invest and attempt to compete. And so I think that those companies that had been successful at disrupting and really bringing technology and industry depth and differentiation, the consulting and strategy and then also the ability to operate, what I just described, we think, is unique to Accenture. But the other companies are competing hard. I think the incumbents are -- intend to try to rotate, to look more like the disruptors in the market. But that's a difficult thing to do because when you look at the things that are relevant to Accenture Interactive, some of these things at the core are things that -- capabilities that we built over decades. So to build a front-end consulting and strategy practice, for example, is tough to do. To have the technology capability and DNA to underpin that business is tough to do. To have the operations capability -- so one of our big offerings in operations now is Accenture Interactive Operations. You don't just create that overnight. And so we think that we're well positioned in that market going forward, but it's an attractive market and we don't underestimate any of the competitors.

Yes. Lisa, are you just having fun with me asking me a deep technology question and then just [indiscernible]? Is this a test?

That's -- all right. I'll channel Paul Daugherty. But in all seriousness, I mean, what -- as always, the way you characterized it is exactly right. And I will say that Accenture's position really from the very beginning was that the cloud adoption would evolve to be more of a hybrid environment. We've had that belief from the very earliest days of discussion about cloud adoption, and that is exactly the way it has played out. And I think that -- and there's a lot of things that influence the need to do that. Part of it is an issue around a client's comfort or willingness to put certain data, certain apps on the public cloud. Of course, there's also the opportunity to exploit the power of the public cloud, which is -- maybe exceeds the potential power of any private cloud with all of the capabilities and especially the machine learning and artificial intelligence, the kind of capabilities that are embedded in many of the cloud offerings. And so I guess I could just say that, that is the definite trend. There's a lot of work that we do for our clients in helping them think through their cloud migration strategy. So if anybody thinks that, that is kind of behind us, I would say to the contrary. In fact, again, I was just with one of our client CEOs 2 weeks ago, and the first thing that he wanted to talk about was cloud migration strategy, and it was all around the context of this hybrid cloud and the private versus the public and then the public -- the strategy across the range of very strong providers. And so it is a dynamic going forward, and it's exactly the approach that I think every single company is taking in their adoption of the power of cloud.

Yes, hello.

Yes, so first of all, I think when you look at the adoption of artificial intelligence and automation, consistent with what I said earlier, I think any company that I think you could talk to would tell you that they are early in that cycle. And so I think from a market standpoint, in terms of the work that we do for our clients in that area, I would say artificial intelligence especially is still early cycle. When you talk about automation, I would say that, that is -- the adoption rate of that is higher, although still I would say relatively early cycle. When you look at then the connection to the relationship between headcount and revenue with Accenture, I'm not going to predict the timing with which we would see a direct impact to that. We -- clearly, as we do multiyear financial planning and we think about the evolution of our business and our own economic model, we see some potential for a different dynamic there, but the pace and timing, I just wouldn't want to predict, okay? All right, thank you. 
Okay, thanks again to everyone for joining us on today's call. And as you can tell at the midpoint of fiscal '19, we're very pleased with our financial results and the momentum in our business. With our highly differentiated growth strategy and disciplined management of the business, we're very confident in our ability to continue driving profitable growth and delivering significant value for our clients, our people and our shareholders. 
We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. And in the meantime, as always, if you have any questions, feel free to reach out to Angie and her team. Have a great day.