Thank you, Angie, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Since our last earnings call, the world has continued to face unprecedented challenges: Health, economic and social. And throughout Q3, we saw rapidly deteriorating economic conditions globally. I am proud of and want to thank our people and our leaders around the world for coming together in Q3 to continue to deliver on our commitments to our shareholders, our clients, our people and our communities in the face of this crisis. 
Before turning to our delivery on these commitments, let me provide a bit more color on the context. Within days of our earnings call on March 19, we continued to quickly mobilize our people to work from home. And during the quarter, we had approximately 95% of our people enabled to work remotely. For all of April and May, other than China, virtually every country in which we operate was in lockdown. 
In addition, as you may remember, in January, we announced that as of March 1, we were implementing a new growth model and making leadership changes. We seamlessly implemented this new model, demonstrating our agility at massive scale, which is a testament to the talent of our over 500,000 people and the strength of our leadership team. 
So in terms of delivering on our commitments to our shareholders, we delivered Q3 revenues in line with the range we provided only 8 days after the global pandemic was declared. And we hit a new milestone of approximately 70% in "the New", a digital -- which is digital, cloud and security. We delivered $11 billion in new bookings, a 6% increase over Q3 last year, which demonstrates the relevance of our services and our ability to sell in a remote everything world. We continue to invest in our business for the long term, closing an additional $742 million in strategic acquisitions for a total of $1.3 billion year-to-date. We delivered operating margin expansion of 10 basis points. And we continue to strengthen our balance sheet, closing the quarter with $6.4 billion in cash. 
In terms of delivering on our commitments to our clients, our clients rely on us for mission-critical work. 95 of our top 100 clients have been with us for over 10 years because we are a trusted partner. And during this time, we have deepened that trust yet again because of our ability to deliver seamlessly, including how we transitioned our people from the delivery centers in India and the Philippines to work from home without service interruption. For example, we closed the books on time for more than 70 public companies in operations, and we continued our precrisis track record in technology with around-the-clock go-lives on new releases every 15 minutes on average. In both technology and operations, we were able to execute entirely remote knowledge transfer with great success. 
In terms of delivering on our commitments to our people, we continue to invest in training and development and the continuous reskilling of our people. We are on track to deliver the same training hours as last year while pivoting completely to a digital learning experience built on our platform, Accenture Connected Learning. We continued to promote people midyear, although at a reduced level compared to last year, to ensure that our very best talent continues to build a vibrant career and is recognized and rewarded. 
In terms of delivering on our commitment to our communities, we believe strongly in our responsibility to contribute to the well-being of our communities. In addition to our teams who have supported our Health & Public Service clients with extraordinary COVID-19-related work, we also wanted to make a unique pro bono contribution that leveraged our strength. In addition to our many local activities, we are very proud that we are helping put people back to work around the world with the People + Work Connect platform that we created together with Lincoln Financial Group, ServiceNow and Verizon. 
This platform is a global online employer-to-employer initiative to bring together, at no cost, companies that have laid off or furloughed people with organizations in urgent need of workers. Designed by CHROs, including our own extraordinary CHRO, Ellyn Shook, Accenture built the platform in only 14 days. The response has been overwhelming as more than 1,300 organizations across approximately 80 countries have engaged, with currently about 400,000 positions already on the platform, which are balanced between open needs and availability. 
With that, over to you, KC.

Thank you, KC. As we look forward, we are starting to see the overall business environment improve with more engagement with many of our clients. However, the high level of uncertainty persists, and it is too early to predict when the pandemic and economic conditions will improve. 
Now working from home is highly efficient, and I am connecting personally with more clients around the world than ever before. I first want to share our perspective on the crisis and how demand is shaping up based on what I'm hearing from CEOs and then bring it to life. 
Crisis is unique in 2 ways. First, it has created the largest-ever change in human behavior at scale and almost instantaneously, requiring companies to fill new demand trends, change how they engage with customers and adapt quickly to volatile market conditions, all of which require a strong digital foundation, just as they also faced massive cost pressures. 
Second, the pandemic is happening during a period of exponential technology change, which was already driving entirely new ways of doing business. In our future systems research last year, we identified that the top 10% of companies in terms of tech adoption, depth and culture, or the leaders, are performing twice as well as the bottom 25%. We believe COVID immediately widened that gap. We see the leaders doubling down on their investments while the laggards recognize the need to accelerate the pace of their transformation. 
Companies are turning to Accenture as the trusted partner with deep industry experience and the ability to help them create investment capacity and change at scale and to execute with multidisciplinary teams spanning strategy and consulting to operations. And trust matters more than ever, making our strong client relationships and reputation a critical advantage. This is reflected in our Q3 bookings, which include 11 clients over $100 million, and importantly, is reflected in our strong pipeline as we look ahead to Q4. 
Let me highlight some of the transformational deals in our Q3 bookings to bring to life what our clients need and how we're able to deliver. Leveraging our Intelligent Platform Services for a major global beverage company seeking to drive growth, we will be implementing SAP S/4HANA to support business simplification and better engagement with customers and consumers through real-time data. We are also providing ongoing IT modernization and application maintenance, leveraging our myWizard asset to lower costs and improve the user experience. 
IT modernization overall continues to be an area of high demand. Leveraging our Industry X.0 capabilities, another area where we are seeing increased demand, we will helping be Airbus reduce cost by up to 15% and speed time to market by modernizing their legacy product life-cycle management system. We are implementing and enabling a digital platform built with Dassault Systèmes, a leader in 3D design, to help the company reinvent how they design, build and support new aircraft products and components. 
Leveraging operations, we extended our strategic partnership with Microsoft to provide them with credit and collection services, collecting over $120 billion in cash annually across 170 countries in 30 languages. By combining the market-leading AI-powered assets in our SynOps platform like Intelligent Collections with Microsoft Azure and Power Platform Technologies, and by simplifying global processes and policies, we will drive significant day 1 savings and lower the marginal cost of growth. At the same time, we will deliver top-tier performance. This is an example of why we continue to be the market leader in business process services, powered by our ecosystem relationships. Operations is an area where we are seeing a significant increase in demand. 
Each of these deals create tangible value in both cost efficiency and business outcomes, leveraging our mix of services and deep industry and functional expertise which Accenture is uniquely able to bring to our clients. 
I also want to touch on another area of demand where we are seeing even more significant growth post-COVID across industries. Cloud migration and cloud-based data and innovative business models have quickly accelerated. Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud Platform as well as Alibaba Cloud in China and Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, or OCI, companies are looking to more quickly reduce costs and capture the innovation of the cloud as well as provide the foundation for better access to data for new business outcomes and models. 
Examples from our Q3 sales include working with a global pharmaceutical company to consolidate multiple data sources on AWS to drive faster product development. Working with a major global insurance company to migrate over 30% of their business applications to Azure in just 18 months. Working with a leading Asian bank to build digital banking services on GCP. Working with one of the largest dairy companies in China to migrate and modernize their customer and omnichannel commerce systems using Alibaba Cloud. And working with a European telecommunications provider on a Living Systems IT modernization, which includes the migration of their Oracle estate to OCI. 
With cloud, our ability to bring industry and cross-industry insights to our clients and world-class change management for speed and value due to our strong strategy and consulting capability is a major competitive advantage. 
Given the events of the last weeks, I do want to pause and take a moment to talk about a core part of who we are as a company. We have an unwavering commitment to inclusion and diversity and equality for all. We have zero tolerance for racism, bigotry and hate of any kind. We live this commitment every day because it is the right thing to do and because becoming the most inclusive and diverse company in the world has been critical to our strategy. 
Since 2014, when we doubled down on inclusion and diversity and created our digital business, we have delivered 9% compound annual revenue growth in local currency. We are a talent magnet in part because the most talented people want to work at a company that not only creates value but also leads with values. 
We have made progress with respect to our people of color, but not enough. We are determined to use this moment in the U.S. as another moment of change for us. This month, we announced our commitment to take our next set of actions, which includes setting external goals in the U.S. for increasing overall representation and managing directors for African-American Black and Hispanic-American Latinx communities similar to how we have set public goals for gender globally. We also are adding new mandatory training that will help our people identify, speak up against and report racism. And we are committed to take similar actions globally. 
Now I'll turn it over to KC to provide our updated business outlook. KC?

Sure. I mean as between kind of consulting and outsourcing, we saw sort of similar patterns in Q3 and this. We had lower sales in strategy and consulting in Q3 and we're going to have some lower sales in Q4. We sort of expect that as we continue. 
But when you step it back, let's just look at demand, right? Because the whole set of demand that started in Q3 that will continue into Q4 in some areas, around a few things. So Health and public sector, right? So we saw a surge in need in Health and public sector. 
For example, we became -- we pioneered in the -- for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in the U.S., working with Partners in Health and Salesforce, the first contracting-tracing application and operation, which we've now taken to Phoenix, for example; the state of California, where we're working with Salesforce and AWS. That work will continue. 
You saw us working around the world, doing things like using our industry and technology expertise to set up virtual agents, like in India with MyGov; and Microsoft Avanade, we set up a virtual agent. You go to Brazil, we worked with Microsoft to set up on telemedicine for a major hospital there. 
That work and those trends around telemedicine and the need to support citizens through the pandemic will continue, we believe. And what's important there is it's not simply -- this isn't about technology, right? This is about taking all of our insights from the needs of -- from health and public sector and supporting the citizenry with technology, with the ecosystem partners, and quite honestly, innovating remotely, right, the work that we've been doing. And that will continue. 
You also see the supply chain really being an area of big focus. So we've worked with Danone, a multinational food products company, whose supply chain was immediately disrupted severely. And leveraging analytics, it became essential for them to give them a near-real-time data around their supply chain to avoid disruption. So that kind of work, supply chain, is going -- we've been doing, and it's going to continue. 
And of course, clients are now moving from the immediate needs and leveraging the assets and tools and understanding that we have to thinking longer term. Because of course, what you have is completely different trends and uncertainty. And so how do you really connect everything, from understanding the customer all the way back to manufacturing? And that's why you start to see the demand in digital manufacturing, supply chain. And we expect on the customer side to -- that to continue. 
Then finally, the whole area of online. So we worked with a global retailer who've been investing for years in omnichannel. We've been piloting curbside pickup before the crisis, 100 stores. In 48 hours, we took them to 1,400 stores. And so we're beginning to really talk about -- with the other retailers who were behind, right? We talked about the laggards and the leaders, right, to how are they going to be adjusting it? 
Now if you take a step back, Tien-Tsin, on the big picture, right, we do 3 big things. We build digital core, and I talked about in my script how cloud is accelerating. Security is accelerating. We just bought Symantec's managed service business. We're now one of the largest and leading providers in the world. The threat landscape has expanded, and that, we've seen tons of demand in security, lots of demand in data and applied intelligence as data is so necessary. 
But on the other hand, Intelligent Platform Services, which as we've shared in the past, is about 40% of our business and precrisis was growing double digits, that moderated in Q3. And we'll see further moderation in Q4, we expect, as clients have to take a step back, refocus, prioritize. We're helping them shape that. But the demand long term is absolutely there, and you saw that in our bookings that we talked about for the S/4HANA implementation in Q3, where we are -- we're doing so to drive growth as well as efficiencies. And so while we continue to see that moderating, we really do see that as being very much affected by the industries that are most severely impacted, but also as clients frankly are taking a step back to figure out how they're going to accelerate and in what sequence, their digital core building. 
In the area of optimizing operations, which is the second big thing we do, our operations business is seeing surge in demand. We talked about this last quarter where we had double-digit growth for 25 consecutive quarters. Obviously, some crisis-related impacts in this quarter. But as the need for digital transformation has accelerated, the ability to use our digital platform, SynOps, to drive cost efficiencies and get better data faster, right, is really taking -- having that business have another new surge in demand as we look at our pipeline, and then also the digital manufacturing, as I referred to. 
And then finally, on the growth agenda side, Accenture Interactive, right, an incredible business. We hit $10 billion and having significant growth. It was significantly impacted in Q3 as companies focused more on shoring up what they had as opposed to thinking about the next generation of customer experience, et cetera. We're now seeing those conversations begin again. And what's really interesting there is that the B2B companies, like the industrials, who had their -- have a traditional field sales model, were able to get connected with remote work, but they weren't online, right? And so we think there's going to be a real surge over time, and we're starting to have those conversations about how you move online. 
In general to your question around kind of remote working, look, we've enabled lots of companies to work remotely, right, whether it was an aerospace and defense company on G Suite, 100,000 people; to the NHS hospital system with Teams, over 1 million people. Companies have really adapted. And where we have the advantage is because we've been so remote and because of the -- we're a global company and have a strong tradition of working with our clients around the globe, we've just adapted very quickly. And you see that in our strong bookings, which were higher than last year's Q3 and what we expect in Q4.

Yes. Sure. Lisa, remember, what we're guiding to is really a modest growth that would reflect the economic conditions, right? So what we're seeing in Q4 is we're seeing our business stabilize at what is a much lower level, right, than precrisis with, at the high end of the range, starting to tick up and improve, right? So that is what's really, as you say, like, that's how you reconcile that, right? 
And as I just went through with Tien-Tsin, there are parts of our business that are accelerating like cloud and security and operations. But a big part of our business, our Intelligent Platform Services business, which is 40%, was growing double digit, moderated in Q3. And we expect a further moderation, reflecting the economic conditions, clients sort of taking a step back and saying, "How do I sequence?" And so -- but when you look at what's happening, the IT budgets, all the analysts are telling us and we're seeing it, too, is that they are declining, but they're focusing on the digital transformation that's needed to navigate, right? 
So like the supply chain examples where you have to do this. This is why, Lisa, our position is so important right now because what we can uniquely do is provide cost savings while we transform. When we talk about IT modernization and managed services, right, we're doing managed services, and we talked about this in prior quarters, called Living Systems, where we're taking down the cost but we're helping them have DevOps and Agile at scale to get their product releases faster. We are seeing deals, like if you look at the one I highlighted on SAP, it had 2 components for the global beverage company, right? It was replatforming, but it also had a managed service component that was modernizing and cutting their costs. 
And so what we're seeing is this flight to Accenture for: Flight to quality because we can deliver; a flight to the ability to increased investment capacity, decrease costs, but still modernize like what we do with operations. And so of course, we're going to be impacted. Like, we got severely impacted as went through businesses that industries that -- of course, we're feeling all of those effects. But we believe our results, we don't know, nobody else has come yet, are taking share in this environment.

Sure. I mean, it's a great question and something we really focus on because our competitive advantage is phenomenal talent. And the underlying fundamentals of the market, the need to digitally transform and of our business remain strong. And so we are very focused on preserving that great talent and our strategic capabilities because we have everything, from strategy and consulting to operations. And so that's been our principle. So we're pulling the usual levers of less hiring, except in specific areas, of replacing subcontractors where we don't need it. We continue to promote, but we moderated the promotions, but it's important that we're delivering still on it. We've delayed some start dates, as you would imagine. 
The second thing we're doing is we did just put in this new growth model, and we were able, in a more simplified organization, to identify efficiencies. So we're going after some cost-structural decreases that are helping. And then as we move forward, we'll do things like, we're in our annual performance process. And so the pace of how we do our kind of business-as-usual managing out of our lower performers is another lever that we can pull as we look forward. And what we're really focused on is making sure, like, say, for our Intelligent Platform Services business, yes, it's moderating, but we know it is an absolute critical part of our business, so we're doing a lot of upskilling. 
I mean, I think this -- I'm going to give you a number that I think is so phenomenal. Since the beginning of March, right, when we hit COVID and we saw the shift in demand in technology, we have reskilled 37,000 people in hot areas like cloud since the beginning of March. And these are in sort of 15 -- on average, 15- to 20-hour modules of reskilling to pivot. We've taken our strategy in consulting people and pivoted to some of the needs for operations in the public sector. Because, again, those are -- also require those insights. And the resiliency of a business like ours, because we're in multiple industries, multiple types of work and we're able to kind of seamlessly move people who are used to working in these multidimensional teams anyway. And by the way, our people love it because they get great new opportunities. So we feel really good about how we're managing it. 
And to your point, Lisa, we think we're going to come out much stronger because of how we're delivering for our people.

I mean look, if you sort of look at it, I always start with like the -- we're in this big shock, right? I mean how fast the economy went down, the need that every business is now a health business, and so all of these. So I don't read too much into a quarter's sort of response in terms of now new versus legacy, other than the impact of what's happening to have to move to online everything and remote will absolutely require, and is requiring, and that's what we see in our pipeline, an acceleration of building the digital foundation, which means companies are going to have to make more choices. 
And this is why we used to tell you, our theory was, in a financial crisis, that the rotation to "the New," right, would make us more resilient. And that's what is absolutely the facts, right? So is that -- we've seen what's happened. You have to be more digital, and that's going to stay. And that will no doubt have some effects on where you're spending the money. But it's part of what's driving what we're doing now with our managed services and helping modernize those for our clients in a more cost-effective way to get our clients to "the New." And a lot of what we're doing now is taking all of our learning capabilities and building that in for our clients to help them rotate their talent, which they need to do as well.

Yes. Look, as it relates to ourselves, it's complicated, right? Like in our operations business, it's 24/7 and we run shifts, and we get to have the advantage of sort of using assets over and over. So I mean, it's not a straightforward sort of discussion around that. 
But maybe let's just take a step back. What are the realities, right? We're open 30% of our offices now, but we're not putting a lot of people back in the office and neither are our clients around the globe because we're dealing with an ongoing health situation. And so whether you like it or not, right, remote working is going to be here to stay at a pretty high level for some time. And so we and our clients are focused on understanding where does that make sense? I was just talking to a technology company yesterday, where what they've said is, "Look, everything's working pretty well except R&D, not because R&D needs to be in the office, but they're just struggling to collaborate as well," right? And so company-by-company, are learning. 
I give a lot of advice to CEOs about this because there's some who got really excited about let's get rid of all our real estate. Back in the '90s, we pioneered remote working, right? And we called it hoteling. And we -- and particularly in the U.S., we took out a lot of real estate because we said, "Oh, our people are in our client sites and there -- or they could be home." And what we found, in fact, over the last 5 years when I was running North America, we started gradually to expand the footprint again because there's a benefit of bringing people together as well. Now we proved you can innovate remotely, I gave some of those examples, but I would say it's going to be cautious. 
As respect to sort of driving our business, what it has helped CEOs really understand, is some of the areas in some industries that have resisted, say, finance and accounting in certain areas saying, "No, no, no. We need to have the teams together," is to recognize that they can really rethink like what should they do in-house? What can they rely on a partner like Accenture? How to get the right balance, both from an expertise and a cost perspective? But just as much, this idea of leveraging others for digital transformation. And you're going to see more of that thinking. 
I mean, when you move to the cloud, you're basically saying you have this important, permanent third-party partners that are running your business, right? And so how digital transformation happens at speed going forward is really going to be this weaving of partners together, which is why the fact that we're so trusted really helps us in this environment.

No. Then as I said, our bookings were kind of sort of split between outsourcing and consulting sort of similar as to the past patterns overall.

In the quarter.

Yes. And with respect to managing, as I said before, we've identified some real areas of efficiencies. And so that has obviously headcount implications to it, which maybe is what you're calling layoffs. We really see it as focusing on our cost structure and then otherwise are kind of managing our supply and demand. As I went through before, pretty ordinary course. We don't see some extraordinary workforce actions. 
And remember, the Q4 guidance builds that in, in that we think we're either stabilizing to slightly up in terms of our business environment. Because if you look at our guidance, we're pretty pleased. I mean, Q3 had a great, strong March. We don't have that in Q4. And so we do see our business either stabilizing or slightly up.

Well, I mean, our outlook includes kind of what we're seeing. And it's a little bit all over the map, right? You've got some clients who want to go faster, right, because they need the savings faster. You have other clients who may be having a slower ramp up. So I'd say it's mixed.

Well, we don't normally quantify. But as I told you earlier, right, we had Accenture Interactive, precrisis, had been significantly growing, and it was significantly impacted in Q3. And that primarily around industries and kind of focus. So you've got that. And then where as you sort of look at cloud, that really was up and security was up. And remember, Intelligent Platform Services came down. So those are kind of the big components that we normally kind of give you a sense of.

Great. Well, thank you, everyone. Before I wrap up, I did want to give a special shout out to Fabio Benasso, who leads our Italian business, to his leadership team and all of our people in Italy. As you all saw, Italy was actually in lockdown in the entire 3 months of the quarter and it was an extraordinarily difficult time. And yet, they delivered 8% revenue growth in local currency in Q3 because they stayed so close to our clients and to each other. And I just thought it deserved a very special mention. 
As I wrap up, we really believe that Accenture is uniquely positioned today to help our clients succeed in the current environment, both because of what we do as well as how we do it. We are committed to shared success with our clients, people, shareholders and communities; to living our core values; and to being a trusted leader in responsible business. 
Thank you to our people and leaders for how you come together every day to deliver on our commitments. And a special thank you to our shareholders for your continued trust and support. Be well, everyone, and thank you for joining.