Thank you, Angie, and thank you, everyone, for joining. I would like to begin by honoring the incredible bravery of the Ukrainian people in the face of the unlawful invasion by Russia and extending our deep sympathy and concern over the horrific losses of life. While these words don't feel adequate to capture what is happening, we are taking actions to help in the small ways we can, which I will share more about later in the call. 
Turning now to the quarter. I will start by thanking our almost 700,000 people around the world for your incredible dedication and work to create 360-degree value for our clients and all our stakeholders. Thank you to our clients who are making bold moves to transform and putting their trust in us to help them. Finally, thank you to our technology ecosystem partners we work with every day to innovate and create more value for our clients. 
Now a few highlights from the quarter. We had record bookings of almost $20 billion and continued improved pricing, which refers to contract profitability or margin on the work that we sell across the business with 36 clients with bookings over $100 million. We had record revenue growth of 28% in local currency, bringing total revenue added through H1 to $6.2 billion, which is what we added in all of FY '21. And our EPS grew 25% year-over-year with flat operating margin and continued significant investment in our business and our people. 
Our workforce grew by 24,000 people, demonstrating again our ability to attract top talent at the scale needed by our clients. We were the top scoring company on the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index out of more than 400 organizations globally. We were recognized in Ethisphere's World's Most Ethical Companies for the 15th year in a row and by JUST Capital for the sixth consecutive year. Our people completed another 9.2 million training hours this quarter. And we continue to gain market share, growing more than 3x the market. 
With such an exceptional quarter, I would like to particularly recognize and thank the incredibly strong delivery teams that underlie these results. Our clients know that our commitments are backed by the outstanding work our people do every day, working side-by-side with them, from shaping the future to building the best systems and platforms to creating amazing new experiences and brands to running critical functions for our clients and everything in between. 
Before handing over to KC, let me pause to reflect on the current macro environment. It was almost exactly 2 years ago that we did earnings only 8 days after the pandemic was declared. Then, as now, the world faced incredible uncertainty. We are all watching the events unfold in Ukraine, and there are many potential scenarios which are difficult to predict. 
While the circumstances are very different, our focus is the same: on the well-being of our people, serving our clients and staying close to their evolving needs and helping our communities. We emerged from the pandemic an even stronger and more relevant company, and we will use this strength to successfully navigate this environment and fulfill these same 3 goals. 
Over to you, KC.

Thank you, KC. Let's begin with the demand environment. We are experiencing double-digit growth in all parts of our business across all markets, industries and services. All our growth priorities, Applied Intelligence, Cloud, Industry X, Intelligent Operations, Intelligent Platform Services, Interactive, Security and transformational change management all are growing double digits. Many of our clients are taking on bold transformation programs, often spanning multiple parts of the enterprise in an accelerated time frame, which we call compressed transformation, as they recognize the need to transform every part of their enterprise with technology, data and AI and new ways of working. 
What is also clear is that the sheer speed at which an enterprise now needs to move and the breadth of the expertise required to transform demands partnerships. For example, our wide range of managed services from Intelligent Operations to application development and maintenance to Cloud, infrastructure and security, our strategic capabilities that enable our clients to digitize faster, access hard-to-hire talent, transform more quickly due to our deep expertise and achieve outcomes from greater efficiency to improved customer satisfaction, to enhance security, to faster development, to higher growth. 
Our managed services are unique because they combine our strong strategy and consulting capabilities to anticipate and shape the future and be at the cutting-edge of industry, function and technology. We also see our clients looking for partners who can create 360-degree value, upskilling our people, focusing on enhancing diversity and building in sustainability, which is our focus. 
Stepping back, when you think about the extraordinary growth we are experiencing and how we navigated the pandemic, we believe our commitment to create 360-degree value for all our stakeholders and our unmatched diversity of people, services, industries, functions, markets, ecosystem partners and investments, together with our leadership and technology, have made us both relevant to the world's largest companies and resilient. 
I will now bring to life how we are partnering with our clients with a snapshot of the range of solutions we are bringing across industries and across the enterprise. Let's start with enterprise functions. In chemicals and natural resources, we are expanding our relationship with a leading chemical manufacturer to carve out one of their business units serving the automotive industry to better focus on sustainable solutions. 
As part of this carve-out, we will build the backbone of this new entity with a cloud-based infrastructure, ERP platforms and Intelligent Operations managed services for technology, HR and finance, all in just over 1 year. This compressed transformation will create new value, reduce operating costs by up to 30%, enhance portfolio flexibility and enable future growth in new areas. 
In consumer goods and services, we are working with a large multinational personal care corporation to build an integrated digital core with standardized processes, IT enterprise platforms and instant access to consolidated data in the cloud, which will enable a more efficient and flexible supply chain and digital order processing. This will provide more time to sell, reduce human error, create a better customer experience and deliver a stronger bottom line. We will also streamline financial operations, leading to greater agility and cost benefits to remain competitive in any environment and delight their consumers. 
Now I will turn to our solutions helping transform the core operations of our clients. In high tech, we are supporting Airbus, a leading aircraft manufacturer in several areas of their business, including digital design, manufacturing and services. With our acquisition of umlaut, we're also helping Airbus engineering and manufacturing teams to develop the new A350F. At the same time, we will also onboard and manage training for new frontline employees using a realistic digital twin pilot, optimizing onboarding time and significantly reducing the learning curve of shop floor workers without disturbing production. 
In Banking & Capital Markets, we are helping BBVA, a global financial services firm, synchronize and speed up its digital journey. With the power of analytics, AI and automation, we will create an intelligent data-driven banking operation with greater agility and productivity, lowering costs by up to 30% by leveraging our strategic managed services, improving their customer experience and becoming an integral part of their talent strategy to provide new growth opportunities, upskilling and security opportunities. This builds on our work with this digital leader that spans over 25 years, including international expansion, capital market strategy and digital sales and services. 
In Health, we are helping Highmark Health, a national blended health organization to make Health care more personalized and proactive through the power of technology and data. By leveraging the cloud and operational hub, we'll bridge business units, consolidate enterprise data, provide faster insights and personalize the customer experience with the flexibility to evolve as needs change. By maximizing its key asset data, Highmark Health will see faster time to market, reduce operational costs and increase innovation and most importantly, better health outcomes. 
And we are helping clients accelerate their growth agenda. In consumer goods and services, we are collaborating with Del Monte, the iconic fresh and packaged food company, to establish effective B2B2C and direct-to-consumer commerce platforms. We will transition and scale their existing platforms into a one commerce ecosystem to make it easier to create and launch new products, driving significant growth in their e-commerce revenue. 
We are helping with clients to help shape and deliver on the significant emerging opportunity of the Metaverse. We've been an early innovator in this area backing -- going back a number of years, investing in R&D, our people and our own metaverse, One Accenture Park, all of which positions us to help our clients accelerate their Metaverse strategies and initiatives. 
In communications and media, we are helping Telstra, Australia's leading telecommunications company, to deploy 5G connectivity and technology to deliver immersive fan experiences at Melbourne's Marvel Stadium. From booking a seat to parking, to engaging with a match, fans will soon be able to experience a new augmented reality stadium experience before, during and after they attend the game. And if you missed the release yesterday, please be sure to read our new technology vision, which is titled, Meet Me in the Metaverse, and is available on our website. And we are building the digital cores of our clients from replatforming in cloud to building core systems as described in many of the examples above, to helping them secure their enterprise as the security landscape widens. 
In Life Sciences, we are working with Merck, a global pharmaceutical leader to create robust intangible value across the organization, which will help enable growth, accelerate the development of life-changing therapies for patients around the world. We will develop a more flexible and responsive IT infrastructure in the cloud, leveraging data and analytics and product-centric methodologies to power innovation, insight and speed. At the same time, we are cultivating IT talent through a new operating model that drives upskilling, diversity and development. 
Also in Life Sciences, we are expanding our partnership with an international drug wholesale company, which advances development and delivery of health care products, including life-saving cancer treatments and COVID vaccines around the world to support their suite of cybersecurity towers by creating an integrated delivery model to increase resilience, accountability, collaboration and feedback across monitoring, engineering, data protection, risk and compliance and identity while also reducing costs. 
And we are helping our clients...

I'm sorry?

Has the call dropped?

Sorry about that, everyone. I just want to make sure, confirm that we're good. Apologies. If you can hear me, we heard the call apparently dropped. We're good. Okay. 
So let's go back to we're helping our clients put sustainability in their core. We are helping a leading steel and mining company move to low-carbon steelmaking and employ decarbonization technologies. As an end-to-end partner supporting the company's ambitious decarbonization program, we will help standardize and implement the technical solution among its sites. 
I would now like to briefly comment on how Accenture as a company and our people have mobilized to support our Ukrainian colleagues and provide humanitarian aid. When people ask me what makes Accenture special, our actions like these are what come to mind. While we do not have operations or people who work in the Ukraine, we have many Ukrainians who work for us, particularly in Poland. For their extended families who are in Ukraine, we quickly put in place Ukrainian language telehealth and other remote support services. And for those family members who are leaving the Ukraine, we are providing the settlement assistance. 
I also am proud of our people who have volunteered to drive refugees from the border to help get them settled. With a decade of experience helping refugees, we knew that not-for-profit organizations operating in Ukraine and the border countries providing humanitarian relief would have an initial immediate need for cash. We are currently donating $5 million in cash to these organizations. 
In addition, our people have donated nearly $1.5 million in our employee giving program, and we are providing 100% match funding. Our people also have sprung into action to anticipate the next needs of refugees. In Poland, we are piloting the first addition of an Accenture Academy for women refugees from Ukraine to build their technology skills starting in cybersecurity. 
Finally, as we've shared, we are discontinuing our business in Russia. We are working to support our nearly 2,300 employees there, and we want to thank them for their dedication and commitment to Accenture over the years. 
Back to you, KC.

Thanks, Lisa. Great question because we're talking to our clients all the time. And I guess, let me just start with, I think the experience of the pandemic has just built in more of a sense of resilience and agility. And so we're seeing really a lot of what I call calm in response to the macro environment. I mean the reality is that it's very early. And while there are lots of like predictions around what could happen with inflation, what could happen with supply chain, people are not overreacting. And instead, what I'd say is they're remaining very focused on the priorities they had before the crisis because as you talk about, inflation is already a reality, right? 
And we're already living that. And so for inflation, depending on the industry, like, for example, consumer goods, there's been a lot of focus on growth and cost, right, with cost being even higher up because you're seeing that you can't push through all of the -- and price increases, all of the increases in input. Of course, as you think about the potential scenarios around like disruption of agriculture and so on, we could see that potentially going higher, but it's too early to tell. And instead, companies are saying, look, we've got to make sure that we're on pace, and we're executing. The same as I think about energy prices. Supply chain, if anything, there's just been an increased focus on we need to think as much about resilience, right, as cost in supply chain. And we absolutely have to digitize so we've got more insight. 
And so I think the trends that we were already seeing to address, things coming out of the pandemic, the changing economic environment around inflation are simply being focused on even more. And this premium on are we building in agility and are we going at the right pace, that's really the nature of the conversations.

Thanks, Bryan. It's really too early to see that. We're seeing clients staying very focused on their business and what we're doing with them.

Yes. Thanks, Bryan. It's really, I think, a combination of things, right, but let's just always start with our clients. Prepandemic, what we saw were clients much more into -- they did transformation quite sequentially, right? The pandemic was a major shock. You saw the leaders who are kind of coming into that saying we've got to go even faster. And you saw a bunch of companies saying, we need to leapfrog, right? We need to move online. We need to do digital transformation. 
And that meant that we saw companies starting to take on -- not sequential transformation, but what we call compressed transformation, where they're, at the same time, doing manufacturing as well as sales. And you saw that in some of the examples that I gave today where you've got entirely new backbones being created across multiple enterprise functions, where you've got both new platforms being put into place and manufacturing. And they're doing that in order to lead because of what they see in the business. 
And when you think about who is able to help navigate, because you don't do that kind of transformation with like a different partner for every transformation, right? Accenture is very distinctive in our industry because we are able to transform every part of the enterprise. And that's one of the things I was trying to emphasize. Like we can do -- we're going to finance in HR, right? We've got the growth agenda, sales, marketing and service, right? We've been investing for a decade in Industry X, which is really taking off. We talked about the digital frontier. 
And so you have in Accenture a partner that can do that. And you see that over the course of the last 2 years in the record numbers compared to prepandemic of clients with over $100 million in bookings. And it's really -- it's recognizing, it's representing that level of demand. And we're quite unique. Like we've talked about this for years, right? All of our different services, our deep industry knowledge. And when you're moving fast, you need a partner that really can span the enterprise and has that deep knowledge of the industry. And that is, of course, driving the growth, right? Because we are capturing the momentum in every part of the enterprise that's happening now.

Yes. And Tien-Tsin, the only one thing I want to add maybe back to your last question is, we are doing exactly what we did at the pandemic, which is we're calling it like we see it, right? So we'll update every quarter. And we've got -- we're really close to the clients, right? And as we said at the beginning, it is too early. So we're not trying to build in, be overly conservative or overly optimistic. Like we really just call it down the fairway. And next quarter, we'll update and we'll go from there.

Sure. Poland and Romania would be the sort of the 2 where we've got delivery centers. We don't have big local market, but Poland and Romania.

Well, thanks. I love that you look at it over the long term because that's how we do. And so the way we think about growth isn't about is it double digit or not, right? We've had a very enduring and I think it served us well, belief that we should be growing more than the market, right? And so that is what we focus on, is that we are always continuing to take market share. And that is an enduring commitment that we sort of -- that we anchor to. 
Now the way we do that is that we stay very close to clients so that we know not only what they need today, but also we can anticipate what they need tomorrow, right? And that's really important. So yesterday, for example, we talked about the Metaverse continuum where we have been investing for a decade. We think the Metaverse and Web3 is as significant as when, in 2013, we called that every business would be a digital business. And that will be a huge transformation over the next decade that will also be part of sort of next waves of growth. 
At the same time, it's really important to look at where we are now, which is still extraordinarily early in the digital transformation of every part of the enterprise, right? We estimate, for example, that only about 30% of workloads have been -- have moved to the cloud. And once you get to the cloud, that's when you actually use those technologies to grow and innovate. You saw that in some of the examples that we gave today where you're having the cloud piece, but then you're figuring out how to use the data and the AI to really transform. 
When you look at replatforming on the leading SaaS platform, similarly, extraordinarily early. So everyone feels, right, the big focus on digital because that was the wake-up call from the pandemic. But the actual transformation and just putting in the foundation is still very early stages, and then it's what you do on that foundation. 
Then if you look at from a technology development point of view, let's take manufacturing and supply chain. Many of the technologies have really -- that are advanced have only been introduced in the last couple of years, right, the advanced cloud-based technologies. And so technology itself, like there's still new functionality that doesn't even exist in some of the major platforms that's still being created. And so we consider the manufacturing and supply chain as the next digital frontier. And of course, that was a big play for us, which we've been doing for the last decade because it's a move from IT to OT as you think about the budgets that we're accessing, right? 
And so overall, like as much as we feel there's so much going on, you still have many, many companies who have not started the compressed transformation. You're very early in the platforming of what's today, let alone the next things that we can already see like Web3.

And I'm just going to add -- and I just want to add that I'm very happy with where we are on profitability. I mean if you think about what we are navigating, right, hyper growth has increased costs from all the recruiting, right? We did a big step-up in acquisitions last year. We're absorbing that dilution this year, right? We've increased significantly the investments in our business, which are all about driving growth today, but also tomorrow, right? We're in an unprecedented labor market with wage inflation, which we are absorbing and still delivering at 10 basis points operating margin expansion. So I feel really good about where we are as a company, both for this year and all the things that we're doing to position ourselves to continue to grow in market-leading ways.

Yes. And I just like I wish we could manage it sort of like say, we're going to do this many and then we're going to absorb. But it really is just about timing goes up and down. And also, we have a lot of rigor and discipline. We're only going to do deals that we believe in, right? So we're not trying to manage in any way to a quarter. We've got a capital allocation. If we can do that with great deals, we're going to do it, and so that's the approach. 
I will take the opportunity just to say one of the ones we did announce, we did close 2 this quarter. But one of the ones we announced I'm super excited about, which is AFD.TECH, which is in the network space, 1,600 people in France. And it's important because as you think about what's happening in digitization, our increasing move into really leading in network is important. And it's just another great example of how we use acquisitions to accelerate our strategic growth priorities. It's an important part of Accenture Cloud First.

Look, we all rose to dealing with the types of things that may come out of this crisis other than perhaps the military scenarios, right, whether it's more inflation, the need for energy conservation due to higher energy prices, the disruption in supply chain, agriculture. All roads lead to some combination of technology and human ingenuity, right, which is what we bring together. And so you've got great solutions like managed services to accelerate both cost takeout and finding new ways to grow, new ways to access markets, right? You've got energy efficiency that's going to come from technology improvements. 
And so as you think about what we do, right, we're the company that's going to be able to help companies navigate these macro trends. And so we really believe that the technology, importance of technology and then being able to apply it to get tangible outcomes is going to be critical. And so we believe we'll be resilient through this, through whatever this is going to be as well.

Interesting question. I would say that our clients really focus on skills. They don't focus on degrees. And so what they're looking for are the skills. And that's a broader trend. In fact, we predicted that 3 years from now, Chief Human Resources officers will all be talking about skills. And as part of this trend, you need to be -- not a consumer but a creator of talent, understand skills and then be able to reskill.

I wouldn't think about the arbitrary opportunity. We pay market-relevant pay. And it's the focus on skills. Even if you look at our -- the way we draft our recruiting thing, it is about skills. And so there isn't something that because you've got a 2-year degree versus a 4-year degree, now you're paid less. It's about skills. So there's a market price for these skills. So I wouldn't think of it as labor arbitrage.

What I would say is since the time of the pandemic, when we had this global shock, right, we continue to evolve our ability to move work and be flexible. And so our focus is really on that agility and making sure that we have the right kinds of talent, both geographically dispersed, but also the ability to move talent around.

I'm talking about talent all the time with our clients. And I'd say that it's slightly different than what your focus is. Here are the 2 big things, which are all around accessing talent. So in accessing talent, means you have to be able to attract and retain it, and you've got to be able to get it at scale. 
So the bigger focus is around what does it take to attract and retain in a hybrid work environment. And so more companies are focused on where they did -- they used to want everybody in the office, having more of a hybrid model, and that has knock-on cost effects as you decrease your real estate. And so that's been a big focus. 
But the actual -- the thing we talk to clients about is it's more about how do you attract people who today, all of our research shows that if you're not having to be there in a frontline worker, you want some combination, and then that does have costs. And so that's a huge focus around talent. 
The second piece on access, if you look at the way our managed services are being driven, it is really 2 big things. One is it's faster to digitize because you use our platforms. And the second is the access to hard-to-get talent, right? And so let's just take security. We have 10,000 security professionals who do everything from threat assessment to the rebuilding and designing platforms to managed services. And in today's world, with the security landscape broadening, right, that access to that kind of talent is incredible. And so just the real focus is on access and what does it take to access it, including through partnerships. And those are the kinds of conversations that we have.

Yes. Well, listen, I was just at CERAWeek, which is the world's largest energy conference for a couple of days just last week, so I spent a lot of time with everyone in the energy sector. And I think rather than looking at it historically, let's look at it like what are people talking about now. So first of all, despite the increases in prices, say, in oil and gas, no one is saying, "Hey, now we've got to let up on cost." In fact, the exact opposite. Because the oil and gas industry, in fact, the entire energy industry has a major challenge ahead of investing to move to sustainable energy solutions. 
And so what I would say is that there is an absolutely laser focus on continuing what that industry had to do during the pandemic because how it was fit and focus on cost and now accelerate innovation and moving to sustainable energy solutions. And that's where we gave the example today of how we're helping in decarbonization. We announced this week what we're doing with Ecopetrol and AWS around water management, right? And so we're playing -- we're obviously very well situated. We have a deep, deep expertise in utilities and oil and gas and the entire energy sector in -- at their core both enterprise as well as in the grid, at the refinery and then helping really create those sustainable solutions. We see this as a major opportunity for our clients that we want to help them on.