Thanks, Pete. Good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to be with you today to talk about Acuity. Obviously, we all wish the global context were different right now. We are embarking on the next generation of Acuity. As we start on that journey, we are dealing with the shocks caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. As we manage through the current situation and begin to change our company for the future, we do so with a strong financial footing, with a market-leading position in our core business and with a strong team to navigate the company through this.  Given that we're new together, I want to outline what we will cover today. 
First, I will give you some perspective on our second quarter performance, and Karen will go into more detail about the financials. Then I will cover how we prepare for and how we are handling the shocks related to COVID-19. I will provide you with some of my initial observations of the company, talk to you about digital transformation and give an outline of who I think acuity is and can become. For consistency, we will continue to discuss the business and present metrics that you've traditionally seen for at least the remainder of this fiscal year. Following our opening comments, Ricky Reece will join us for the Q&A period.  
Our second quarter performance was a mixed bag of continuing trends with several signs of improvement. After a very weak December, the business picked up in January and February, and we began to see real traction, specifically in our independent sales network channel, which represents over 2/3 of our sales and was up over 4% for the quarter, inclusive of TLG. Some of the business and product highlights included success with our Contractor Select products. Sales grew at 30% this quarter. We successfully launched Modulus technology. Modulus is a proprietary and innovative low-voltage distributed power and control system for LED luminaires, enabling design flexibility, greater connectivity options and lower installation costs. 
And the integration of TLG is progressing as expected and is accretive to our performance. Those were balanced by some of the same dynamics that you have heard from Acuity in the past. We continue to face year-over-year revenue declines in retail as a result of our changed home center strategy and in corporate accounts as a result of the timing of relight projects at several large retailers. We expect these dynamics to continue. We also saw revenue declines in direct sales of industrial and infrastructure accounts, primarily due to large projects in the prior year that did not repeat. Despite that revenue performance, we were able to expand gross margins year-over-year and to generate strong cash flow, both of which demonstrate the adaptability and durability of our core lighting business.  
With that, I'll turn it over to Karen for more details on the financials. Karen?

Thanks, Karen. Obviously, the effects of the coronavirus pandemic have turned the world on its head. I'll spend a few minutes updating you on what has happened and what we've been doing about it. I'll begin to say -- by saying how pleased I am with the company's resilience, beginning with the supply shock when China went on lockdown. 
As China began to shut down, we were able to use our preferred position in the industry to gather additional supply. Other than some specific finished goods inventory products, we so far have been able to largely buffer our customers from the effects of the supply shock. As companies are forced to reevaluate their supply chains, we can report that our diversified supply chain has performed well. As the potential worldwide ramifications started to become clear, we began to work to prepare our people, facilities and operations for what would come next. Our priorities were and are the health and wellbeing of our people while addressing both the risks and opportunities that the situation presents. 
Beginning in late January, we started making changes in our manufacturing and distribution facilities to ensure the health of our associates and the continued operation of our facilities. We reengineered the people flow in our buildings to create more social distance and to limit the number of people that any one person could come in contact with. We also changed the sanitation procedures to proactively eradicate as many contaminants as possible. At the same time, we have been working with various jurisdictions to respond to their directives to help slow the spread of the disease. In almost all instances, we have been deemed an essential business and remain open. However, we have scaled back some less essential parts of our business to spread out our operations and to reduce the number of associates that we have in our buildings. So far, the vast majority of our manufacturing and distribution facilities are operating at the capacity necessary to meet demand. 
We were also able to transition our other functions to completely work from home. As a newcomer to the company, I was amazed at the seamless transition. We made the decision to work from home on a Monday and on Tuesday, it was business as usual. Our product and go-to-market teams and our enabling functions transitioned overnight from all together to completely virtual. We also transitioned our communication with our channel so that we could effectively conduct business. We have been able to continue our important product work and to maintain our communication and alignment with our important independent sales network through this transition. 
From a financial perspective, we entered the shock with a solid balance sheet, as Karen discussed. We've taken steps to ensure that we are prepared for as many scenarios as we can imagine. Our priorities have been to ensure our liquidity and to use this as an opportunity to make our company stronger after the event than we're going into it. We are scaling our variable costs to respond to the changes in demand, and we are reevaluating our fixed cost investments as well. None of us can predict exactly how this will play out over the coming months. With that in mind, we are taking responsible actions in light of the current downturn in demand but they do not inhibit our ability to rebound when things return to normal. 
With that, I'll talk about what we all expected to be talking about on this call. I took over as CEO on January 31. I'd first like to thank Brian for his outstanding leadership of the company. He led the transformation of the company from a diversified conglomerate to a market-leading lighting business that has led many of the technology transitions in the industry. I've spent the last 8 weeks getting to know the company and our people and working through this crisis. I have visited all of our largest facilities, some, multiple times. I've met and worked with many of our talented associates, and here are my initial thoughts. 
Our lighting business is an industry leader. Our lackluster performance over the last few years obscures the underlying strength of our go-to-market, product development and supply chain operations. Our lighting business can compete effectively at the top, middle and bottom of the market. The recent revenue trends, however, will not fix themselves. There has been industry deflation. We have additional work to do on our business and product portfolio to position us for future growth. We cannot and will not take for granted our market leadership position as we evaluate future trends and competitors. Our independent sales network is and will continue to be a strategic differentiator for Acuity. Acuity has led many of the technology transformations in the industry, and we need to continue to do so in the future. 
Our existing technology businesses, including Atrius, have potential, but we have real work to do to realize it. We have a very talented team of can-do, will-do people who work well together. They are and will be the foundation of our future success. Our business model is adaptable and durable. We have the ability to generate cash and to continue to deliver efficient returns on our committed capital. 
Now let me spend a minute on digital transformation. Although digital transformation has become one of the trite, overused and ill-defined terms of late, the reality is that every company that was not originally digital needs to adapt itself to what is a fundamentally different world. In a sentence, what used to be a push-based world is now a pull-based world. And through this lens, Acuity is a push-based company in a push-based industry in a pull-based world. Acuity is no different from other successful companies. The better we were at what got us here, the harder it is to adapt to this new world order. We can and will adapt Acuity to these new realities. 
I have had the opportunity to lead digital transformations at some of the largest and most important companies in the world. In my experience, this process has 4 key components, all of which apply to Acuity: transformative customer experiences, everyone has new and expanded expectations; business model transformations, we need to understand the whole value chain and adapt our business models accordingly; using technology to improve business operations, data can simplify and accelerate the business; and run like a digital company, we can capitalize on the tools and methods of digital companies to be faster and more effective. 
As I've gone through these transitions at Walmart, CBS and CNET, there are 2 things that have been true. First, in all instances, the core business has gotten stronger as a result of the changes. The second is that by building from and adding to the core business, we have created larger, more vibrant companies. You may have noticed that we changed our boilerplate in this release. This will begin the process of defining Acuity for who we plan to be. We have the opportunity to be a market-leading industrial technology company. We already have leading or developing leadership positions in Lighting Controls and building management, in addition to a market-leading lighting business. We have the potential to be a leader in location-aware applications. Through the necessary changes of our digital transformation, we can improve our existing businesses and bear market competitiveness. We can continue to develop new businesses that are focused on defining the future of the industry. Those changes will strengthen our current business model. We will continue to be a strong cash generator. We have the opportunity to use that cash to grow our company through reinvestment and acquisitions. 
In conclusion, we have a strong company in a period of great change. We are aggressively managing to the uncertainties caused by the COVID-19 crisis. We have the financial strength and resolve to get through this and also to emerge a stronger company. Over the long term, we have the opportunity to more broadly adapt the company to expanding opportunities in our core businesses and to develop new ones. We have the market position, the people and the cash flow to become a larger, more dynamic company that delivers for our customers, our associates and our shareholders. 
With that, I'll pause and open it up for questions. 
As I mentioned, Ricky Reece will be joining us for the Q&A period. As we transition to questions, I'd like to both acknowledge and thank Ricky for his contributions to Acuity and his outstanding work in his new role as President of Acuity Brands Lighting. 
Operator, we are ready for questions.

Thanks, Ryan. As I said, we're trying to deal with both the challenges and the opportunities. So the challenges are obvious as we scale the business appropriately. We feel like we entered this period with developing momentum around our product portfolio and the core lighting business, and we have the opportunity to continue that process as we emerge from this. So the combination of the strength of our supply chain as we've been able to manage and have consistent supply through this process as well as some of the new product portfolio that we've been rolling out give us momentum for the -- whenever we emerge from this, and we think those are real opportunities. 
We also think there's opportunities to do some of the hard work under the covers that we need to do to evolve the company. While we can't solve those and make those changes in months, we can get a little bit of a head start while we're -- while we have folks that have more time on their hands than they would have otherwise.

So on the retail side, obviously, I've got a new set of eyes on the situation here, and we're going to evaluate the retail side for the long term and for the short term. And so let me address the long-term question first. So we're evaluating the customers that we reach with our products through the channel generally, and trying to get a better understanding of who exactly we're serving through that channel and how effective they feel like they're being served through that channel. And so we'll go through that process. Specifically, on the short term, we've seen fairly consistent results so far, but we expect the demand shock to flow through them as well. We just don't know exactly when that's going to happen.

Thanks, Christopher. It's good to be with you. I -- that's an obvious question that we're in the process of evaluating. We -- and I do think it's too early to call. I would take a step back though and say that one of the things that attracted me to this company was the strength of our business model and its adaptability. So as we think about kind of where we want to be 2, 3 years from now, we obviously want our lighting business to be beating the market, and we want it to be the most efficient company in the market. And the exact implications then on how we potentially restructure the income statement a little bit over time are still to be determined. We've been -- I've been pleased with what I've seen so far about our ability to develop products to engineer them to the appropriate margins to compete at the low, middle and high parts of the market. As an outsider, one of the first things I wanted to understand was how effective we were at competing at each one those sections in the market. And I think our Contractor Select performance is demonstrating that we can compete effectively in pretty much any product scenario. 
So then as we think about kind of what our long-term revenue make-up is going to be based on customers we target and products we offer, that will be the ultimate determinant of how we manage that income statement going forward. And our priorities will be to get to a position where can we be a market leader with more predictable revenue growth and appropriate return on our capital.

Yes, I'll treetop it, and then if you want more specific answers, Karen can jump in here when I'm done. But the big picture, the -- you're right, most of that was the impact of the acquisitions, so both TLG and LocusLabs, which rolled into this period. And then some incentive compensation and other things that were natural as a result of the second quarter performance. As we're thinking about kind of the changes that we're making as a result of the crisis, I want to emphasize kind of what I said earlier, which is that we're going to -- we're managing, obviously, the variable costs aggressively. And it's worth saying out loud that the variable costs don't manage themselves. So that's hard work, and we're on it. We're also taking a look at the distribution of our fixed costs, so that we're positioned for where we want to be going forward. That work is ongoing. So we'll continue to take a look at that through the period.

Yes, I'll start, and then I'll kick it over to you, Ricky, since you were actually -- you actually lived through the '08-'09 downturn and can provide kind of direct comparisons. I'd say the way we're starting to -- we've been modeling this brand as we've been trying to think about it in terms of months and deaths and decline. So this has been sort of a -- it's almost like a series of rolling brownouts is the way I would describe the demand as we're seeing it across the market. Obviously, we've continued to  write orders and to sell. And a lot of what we've been supplying is for important things, from  field hospitals to government facilities to other infrastructure projects necessary to get through this. And so we've seen a range -- we've modeled a range of outcomes by month that are -- could be really steep and -- but we don't know for how long. And the comparison to the 20% as I -- as, Ricky, as I kick it over to you, really depends on how long the shock lasts and how we can come back out of that. And we don't have a crystal ball. Ricky, you want to pick it up from here because we're thinking about both on the top line and how that might evolve.

Yes, Brian, I'll chew on some of that, and then Karen or Ricky, jump in here at the end with any specifics that you feel like I left out. So Brian, just to start where you finished, I think it's  undeniable that this will be one of those events that, after which, nothing will be exactly like it was before. So we are -- as we imagine, kind of the strategy for the company going forward, we are mindful that we expect there to be pretty major changes coming out of this. To spend a second again on digital transformation, I think one of the things that people often do is think that digital transformation is somehow using technology in the organization, which is why I went through the 4 things, but it's really what we do and how we do it. So you picked up on the strategic part. As we think about kind of what services we can provide with our technology to other endpoints, both retail and otherwise, it really falls into 2 buckets, which is we can either be in the business of moving market share or we can be in the business -- our data can be in the business of moving market share or delivering efficiencies for our partners. So as you think about kind of the technology that we've obviously rolled out at retail first, there are real opportunities to do both in those categories. And those needs will probably be more precedent after this than they were before this. The efficiencies necessary also will translate into other examples. 
Ricky mentioned the impact in industrial facilities and the opportunities that, that presented. I was in our Des Plaines distribution and manufacturing facility, and we run Atrius in that facility to  manage all of the materials in that. So we have an app that we use there that manages -- or evaluates the productivity of forklifts. It's -- on the face of it, it's a small thing, but it's a window into the different ways that this technology can be used. So I think it's a truism of technology that the impact is overestimated in the short term and underestimated in the long term. And I think our location-aware applications that we're describing here will continue to -- will take longer than we expected to realize, but the potential opportunity may even be larger than we originally expected. 
And then second, on just kind of the general technology evolution, I would say that like at all parts of the business, both the lighting part of the business and then the controls and other kind of ultimate location-aware applications will continue to walk themselves off a technology curve. So the -- I often describe technology companies is there, it's really not about 1s and 0s or about technology products, but about really the length of their product life cycles. And so as we shorten those product life cycles, we can be continually moving customers and products up the curve of technology. So that'll happen. We expect -- we all expect that to continue to happen in our core businesses, both the lighting businesses and the controls businesses that we've historically lumped into tiers. So big picture, I think that it's going to take a while, and it might be slightly different. But the on the kind of location-aware applications, they're about data that either -- it moves market share or create sufficiencies for customers and companies, and they have applicability in multiple different verticals over time. I feel pretty confident about that. And then our controls business can and will continue to be a grower and has real market opportunity. Ricky or Karen, do you want to add to any of those specific answers?

Yes, Ricky, I'll you pick that one up.

Yes. Sure. The -- as I started to detail in our comments earlier, Deepa, we are -- we feel really good about the strength of our balance sheet entering this. And as we've stress-tested the model for the company through this period, we are obviously building up from cash forward. And as Karen mentioned, we have access to significant additional liquidity. So we feel like we're as well positioned kind of going into this as we possibly can be. As we think about kind of what we're going to do with cash in the intermediate and then longer term, first, on the kind of the intermediate term. Obviously, we're going to -- we need to mind our knitting and take care of ourselves first. So we need to make sure that we stay liquid, we stay as well positioned as we can. Then as we look forward, we're obviously going to be paying attention to how this impacts other companies in our business and the ones adjacent to us to understand kind of where they are. We'll be mindful of our own company's value and performance. But our bias for the long term is that we believe we have a highly efficient cash-generating business, which returns high returns on invested capital, and we'd like to use that capital -- we'd like to bias the use of that capital for growth, both through reinvestment in our business as well as to add adjacent businesses to create size of the company.

Yes, sure, Jeff. I've have been down to Monterrey twice now. We started working on people flow and sanitation starting January 31, and they have implemented a number of different changes there so far. Currently, all of our facilities are operating there. We are meeting demand. The backlog and the activations there have been consistent with historical performance. Even as we've restructured the facilities, moved people apart, implemented everything from temperature checks to increasing the size of the manufacturing cells there so that we can spread people apart while we're working to changing the people flow so that cells don't come in contact with the cells unnecessarily. So for example, they all go -- they eat at the same table at lunch every day with the same people, so there's  no overlap. So far, we continue to operate there. As you alluded to in your question, the situation in Mexico is evolving and evolving pretty rapidly. So some of the other states in Mexico have implemented more stringent kind of stay-in-home or sheltering restrictions. That has not yet happened in Monterrey. We're working with the authorities there to -- obviously, we're an essential business because you can't build any of the things necessary to get through this without lights. So we're continuing to work through that. And we're -- we have a very constructive positive relationship with the authorities there to -- and our associates to help make sure that we're doing everything that we can, and we'll move forward. But as you alluded, the context there is fluid, it continues to change. But as of now, we're operating at -- we're meeting demand there in Mexico.

Yes, I'll start and then I'll pass it to Ricky for any additional color. Our modeling has been to being dramatic and to be relatively universal. So as we've looked at it from a build-the-company-up perspective, we are looking -- we don't want -- we have not allowed precision to be the enemy of insight as we've done our modeling. So we've assumed kind of the worst cases and worked our way back from there. As Ricky stated, and I'm about to hand off to him, but as Ricky alluded to before, our demand so far has not obviously been the worst case. And we've seen it kind of roll through different areas of the country. I'm talking about demand, not the demand shock. So Ricky, do you want to address kind of how that's happened and how you think about our regional diversity?

Thanks, John.

Yes. Sure. That's a great question and one we've spent a fair amount of time on. So again, I'll start, and then Ricky jump in if you feel like you want to add something. But because there are 2 things going on here, there's -- the impact of this rolls through, first, the supply shock as Asia and China specifically started to shut down. And then there's the -- which -- some of which is the impacts of -- are continuing. And then there's the -- how long does this last and how do we smooth our production and such through this. So I'd hit kind of maybe 3 big buckets there. The first is on Asian finished goods inventory. We have been pretty consistent about maintaining that supply so that we can make sure we're in the market with those products over the last month, and we'll continue to do that over the next. The second is that we've been aggressive about making sure that we have access to necessary components for our other products. So the -- and where we might have been easing back on inventory in preparation for this, we've made sure that we have supplies there, not in an irresponsible way, but in a way that -- to make sure that we're available to the market, and we come through this -- both through this and after this that as the supplier that the market could count. And then finally, the production and management of our production efforts. We still manage, as you know, a pull-based system. So we are building to demand there, so we're modulating where the inventory levels as they come through that. But basically, we are building to demand. Ricky, anything you want to add to that?

Ricky?

Thanks, Tim.

Are you talking about in the medium term or in the medium term and longer?

Yes. So one of the things you'll hear from me a lot is that time is the only constrained resource. There's always more of everything else than there is of time. And the time of your most valuable people is the more constrained resource. And so as we think about kind of reinvestment that ultimately manifests itself in results on the P&L, we think about how can we use the time of our most valuable engineers and other associates as productively as possible. So that's what we're really focused on during this period of uncertainty and as we go forward. As we think about kind of the medium and longer term, I believe that our more mature businesses we can hold -- we can evaluate their growth and their reinvestment on their ability to grow and return on invested capital. We will need to obviously protect our developing businesses a bit, and that may require us to invest in them and to take some impact to the P&L to do that. And if we do that, I think we have an obligation to be relatively transparent with you about what our thoughts are on that, without affecting, obviously, our competitiveness by doing so. But I think that we have the opportunity to build very attractive businesses. And over time, we want to be in a position where we are delivering organic revenue growth and we're delivering -- continuing to deliver a return on invested capital in a -- in hopefully a much larger-sized enterprise with more lines of business than we currently do. So that's the aspiration. That's where we want to get to. And we want to -- we are willing to use our financial strength to do that both on the income statement and on the balance sheet. And we'll -- over time, we'll obviously bring you along with us in our thinking on that so that you can know and hold us to account to our performance about it. But I came here because we all believe that we have a solid foundation. We have a company and a business that is more durable than I think is currently appreciated, and we'll demonstrate that through this downturn, that we are efficient cash generators, that we have market access, and we have talent and real opportunity to grow and acquire additional lines of business, which complement our current lines of business. So we're obviously -- despite the near-term -- and short-term, hopefully, but near-term impacts of the current situation, we're going to get through that and then we're going to really get -- hopefully be in a good position to grow the enterprise over time.

Sure. I'll let Karen handle that one.

As I started, it's a pleasure to be with you all. I wish -- I know we all wish the global context were different, but we're excited to be with you, and we want to thank you for your interest in our company and for being a part of this journey with us as we start on the next generation of Acuity. So thank you for your interest and your time, and we'll be in touch again soon.