Thanks, Pete. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for spending time with us today to talk about Acuity. Our company continued to perform well during the fourth quarter in a market that remained challenging. As I said in the third quarter, the combined strength of our go-to-market channels, product portfolio and supply chain allowed us to effectively serve the needs of customers across many categories. We were able to maintain gross margins in line with prior year and the third quarter and continue to generate a significant amount of cash during the quarter. 
Some of the highlights of this quarter included continued strong performance by our supply chain. The health and well-being of our associates remained our top priority, which allowed our supply chain to continue to operate effectively so we could, in turn, service our customers. 
Continued new product development. We expanded our product offerings with several new product introductions. We repurchased about 687,000 shares of the company's common stock for $70 million during the quarter. I will discuss our capital allocation priorities in more detail in a few minutes. 
Finally, we continue to make progress on the execution of our digital transformation, and I will also provide more updates later in the call on that.  
Most importantly, our performance this quarter has continued to demonstrate the adaptability and durability of our business. While our revenue declined 5%, largely due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we held our gross profit margins and generated $450 million of free cash flow for the full year. 
With that, I'll turn it over to Karen for more detail on the financials. Karen?

Thanks, Karen. As we embark on our new fiscal year, I'd like to take a minute to reiterate our strategy. We are demonstrating that our core lighting business is a durable performer in all markets, including the current market. We are executing on the transformation of this business. We're in the process of making it better, smarter and faster to transform the service levels to our customers and our new product development cycles. 
With Distech and Atrius, we have attractive, strategically impactful technology assets that we believe we can build into a very valuable business over time. 
Finally, we are demonstrating consistent cash generation, and we have the opportunity to use that cash to grow our current businesses and invest in new businesses while managing our capital structure as we have begun to do with our share repurchases this quarter. 
As Karen described, net sales of $891 million were 5% below the prior year and 8% below the prior year excluding acquisitions. During the quarter, we made the decision to be aggressive in the marketplace. Thanks to a myriad of actions across the company, we were able to make strategic investments in price while also maintaining our gross profit margins. As the market has changed, our business is flexing to where we see opportunity. This quarter, we grew sales through the retail channel and in infrastructure and industrial markets. 
While we were able to grow in those areas, many of the end markets we serve continue to be negatively impacted by the impacts of COVID. There is no better illustration of this than the geographic inconsistency that we saw across the country. Our sales have fluctuated widely depending on the health and economic situation in different regions of the country, with sales up in some territories and down in others. 
I would also like to take a minute to acknowledge that while COVID is no longer new, it also has not gone away, and it is no less dangerous to our associates and our operations. We are and need to continue to be just as diligent about our processes to protect the health and well-being of our associates and to ensure the continuity of our operations. 
Turning to product development. Our complementary strength in product development, go-to-market and supply chain have allowed us to continue to change the market. We have a broad offering of products positioned to compete in multiple end markets. Our product development activity remains strong in this challenging environment, and we continue to invest in innovative product solutions. We are expanding our support for germicidal UV products by developing a portfolio of products that serve a variety of needs. 
We previously announced a partnership with Ushio related to the Care222 technology. And I am pleased to announce we have entered into a strategic agreement with Puro Lighting and Violet Defense related to broad-spectrum UV technology. While the size of the market remains to be determined and our initial expectations are modest, we believe we have the right combination of product development, go-to-market and supply chain that allows us to scale as the market develops. We are uniquely positioned to support customers with our luminaire, controls and building management portfolio.
Our controls portfolio also continued to expand. This quarter, we launched the SensorSwitch Just One Touch, or JOT, wireless control solution, a contractor-friendly room control system, which allows simple wireless dimming and local control. This technology enables pairing of a JOT-enabled devices and luminaires without the need for additional 0- to 10-volt dimming wires, mobile apps or additional software. JOT-enabled products feature a Bluetooth radio, which wirelessly interfaces with other enabled devices to provide switching, dimming, daylight harvesting and presence detection.
Finally, we continue to have strong traction with our Contractor Select portfolio, which, on a comparable basis, was up 11% over the prior year as we were able to respond to discretionary opportunities and support additional home center business.
As I mentioned, we have also continued to make progress on the execution of our digital transformation, which we are calling Better, Smarter, Faster. Simple examples of this include shortening our lead times and allowing all of our ecosystem partners, including contractors, distributors and agencies, to know the status of their orders in real-time. You are already starting to see the impacts of this in higher service levels. We are having great success recruiting talented and engaged technologists to help drive this forward. We are pleased with the progress and excited about the possibilities.
Turning to capital allocation. Our priorities remain to: first, grow our current businesses; second, to grow through M&A; and third, to return cash to shareholders by maintaining our dividend and repurchasing shares. In the last year, we have invested in people and capital related to our digital transformation and product innovation. We completed 2 acquisitions, TLG and LocusLabs, and continue to look for other opportunities to extend our capabilities, particularly in the technology space. We paid dividends of $20 million, and we repurchased almost 2% of our shares outstanding in the fourth quarter. We are demonstrating both our ability to generate cash as well as our ability to deploy that cash for long-term value creation.
Before I turn the call over to you for questions, I want to say that I am pleased with our performance this quarter and our ability to generate cash in this challenging environment. Looking ahead, there is still great uncertainty around demand and the timing of any economic recovery. Therefore, we expect this new fiscal year will present us with challenges, some continuing and, no doubt, some new. We will continue to manage through this uncertainty, and it is our intention to be aggressive where we believe we need to be, including taking any actions that we deem necessary around price. We believe that we have the financial strength and the resolve to manage the effects of the pandemic and to emerge stronger. Over the long term, we have the opportunity to more broadly adapt the company to expanding opportunities in our core businesses and to develop new ones. We have the market position, the people and the cash flow to become a larger, more dynamic company that delivers for our customers, our associates and our shareholders.
With that, I'll turn it over for questions, and we welcome Ricky Reece, our President, to join Karen and me for the question-and-answer period.

Sure. I'll start, and then I'll ask Ricky to provide some context as well. I'd say that, first, Tim, the last quarter is probably predictive of the future in that we flexed the business to where there was opportunity. So we saw strength in markets which are growing like residential through home center, the Contractor Select portfolio for discretionary and then around industrial as well and infrastructure. So we feel like the portfolio is pretty broad.
As you dive in specifically to C&I, we do see the project as we look forward, the project portfolio to be mixed. We're not -- I don't think that anyone has visibility in this market to exactly how it's going to play out. And Ricky, maybe you can provide some context to that.

Yes. Tim, as we said last quarter, it was our intention to manage to this level. And so we were able to invest strategically in price, as I mentioned, because of a lot of activities across the country to manage those.
It's our desire to continue to manage into that range, as you described, kind of the 41%, 42% range. That may vary on a quarter here and there as we take specific actions, but that's our target.

Yes. I mean, look, big picture, let's -- I mean, just kind of state the obvious, which is that the end markets are under significant economic pressure, and there's still a bunch of supply in the marketplace. So we're managing our share gains with our gross margin to ensure that we take our -- at least our share, if not a disproportionate share of what those markets are.
So we also mentioned that we were strategic about our investments in price. So we're -- this is not a blanket activity we're taking. We're being strategic about areas where we want to balance out supply and demand and make sure that we are investing in long-term relationships and opportunities with our end-user markets.
So I'm pleased that we were able to do that and maintain the gross margin. To Tim's question, that's kind of the plan going forward. There were definitely activities by other players in the market, both the majors and smaller players. And you can see the impact of the -- you can see the -- how that netted out in our performance in the quarter.

Ricky, you want to take that one?

Yes. Chris, in the -- I would say that whenever you make strategic investments in price, it's -- you try and be, as I said, as strategic as you possibly can and to correlate those to share gains. I'd just highlight a couple of things. Obviously, you saw the performance in Contractor Select on a comparable basis. It was up 11%. We also introduced some new products. So the absolute number was even higher than that. And obviously, that's an area where we are intentionally aggressive to meet the marketplace. And you can see the benefits of that happening.
Beyond that, we're, as we said, strategic. So it's -- the investment was around specific product portfolios and around specific end uses and customers to try and balance out the supply and demand and make sure, as I said, we hopefully can get at least our share, if not a disproportionate share, of the new activity.

Yes. No, it's a great question, and it's exactly the way the conversations that we've been having about the balance sheet. Obviously, we want to reiterate the priorities that we're going to -- our primary objective is to grow both our current businesses and through the addition of new ones. And beyond that, we will manage the capital structure for value creation. We were pleased with the amount we were able to repurchase. We ran into, in the fourth quarter, some volume restrictions on our abilities, and so we'll continue to kind of look at it through that lens, which is, first, to focus on growing our businesses, making -- and grow through acquisition, making sure that we have the necessary capacity to do the things we want to do. And we'll be responsible with the rest of the cash that we generate.

We -- I would say that's intermediate term at this point. So we're focused on the current business right now and improving the current business both through the digital transformation as well as the work we're doing around Atrius and Distech, and then we'll roll in through the acquisition process in the intermediate term.

Okay. Well, thanks, Deepa. I'll start. Ricky, just dive in kind of on the historical perspective there first. I would say, taking a step back, and obviously, I still am relatively new to this business, so I -- our company and these cycles, so I've been doing a lot of research myself as well. And I would say that there's a consistent theme, which is, for us, change is good.
So some folks said, "Hey, are you worried about the fact that there won't be a new office tower in fill-in-the-blank place?" And the reality is those office towers are already built. So we don't have a lot of opportunity there. But as everyone rethinks where they're going to, how and where they're going to house their folks and how they're going to do business, ourselves included, you realize there's going to need to be a lot of change. And that change should be good for us.
The question is when. And Ricky, that's -- obviously, we can participate pretty aggressively. You highlighted the size of jobs in the last answer, but maybe you could pick up on kind of what we've seen in the past and how you think that might play out here.

And after spending countless hours with you on Teams calls, Ricky, I can attest to your contribution to the renovation of multiple spaces over the last couple of months. Deepa, you had a second question?

Sure. I'll start. And Ricky, dive in if I leave anything out. So as -- we've taken, Jeff, the view that this is a longer-term opportunity as opposed to a short-burst opportunity. I think the initial thought in the marketplace was race into the marketplace with any solution you can in order to try and address an immediate need. We are -- we've taken a slightly different approach, which is that we want to cover what we think are the most impactful technologies, and we want to then provide the opportunity for those to become part of our product families going forward so that as enterprises start to make this a strategic decision about how they want to invest in mitigation for asymmetric risks like the ones that we have come in contact with, how will they start to do that?
We don't think that these will lead to broad relighting projects. So this wouldn't be like the LED revolution, but we do think that it is a very effective strategic investment for the mitigation of these asymmetric risks. So high-volume areas -- things like high-volume areas, ways to incorporate them effectively into your existing relight projects, ways to add them to existing spaces through others.
So in the combination of our Care222 technology, which is -- which when it finishes all of its certification is expected to be safe for constant use while people are in a specific space, paired with the broad-spectrum xenon pulsed technology that we announced today, we provide different alternatives for different uses that can be in the marketplace.
As I mentioned, we don't expect a huge bump in the next quarter or 2. We expect to be in the market with these in the beginning -- in the first half of -- in a meaningful way in the first half of next calendar year. And then hopefully, we will grow that business and make it a permanent part of our portfolio, an impactful part of our portfolio going forward.

Yes, Brian, I mean, obviously, we don't give guidance. And as Ricky indicated, this is as choppy an outlook from an economic perspective, a market demand perspective, as he's seen in his 15 years. And so the way we're managing through this is to position ourselves to perform however the market shakes out. So we've demonstrated over the last, I believe, since the pandemic started over the last 2 quarters that we will be very dexterous in how we respond to the market conditions so that we can, as I said earlier, hopefully, take a disproportionate share or more disproportionate than our current share. And you've seen the evidence of that in the current market and the current performance.
As you look forward, people are all over the map on when there will be a recovery from a calendar perspective. And Ricky indicated that, from a geographic perspective, it's also very -- it also varies pretty widely.
So you take all that together and you say that we're positioned to -- we're positioned for the market staying like it is, the market going down further and the market rebounding. We have a strong new product portfolio that is available to take share when that happens.
The last piece, I would say, just from a technical perspective, is we will be lapping the impact of the TLG acquisition starting -- it closed, Karen, September of last year. So you'll start to see whereas in the fourth quarter, that was an -- it's been about a 3% contributor. So that's the major difference we would see in trend going forward.
But look, we're trying to -- like everyone else, we're trying to guess what the market is going to do, but we've positioned ourselves to execute not on that guess but to be successful wherever it does go. And that's what we're holding ourselves accountable to.

Yes. So well, let's go back in time, and we'll kind of reset the time line, the tick-tock for you, John, which is that the -- I'm new. We have a pandemic. No one knows where the market is going to -- the end market is going to go. We positioned ourselves for what I think everyone believed would be -- could be a dramatic shift. We outperformed from a revenue perspective expectations in the second quarter, ours and the market's, and we executed very well on the ability to turn that into cash. And so we were husbanding cash into -- on our way into the pandemic with the expectation that we might have challenges with our end users and the customer base, and we wanted to make sure we were in a good position.
And as we've started to normalize around the current performance, we realized we didn't need to husband that cash for those reasons, and so we restarted that -- we restarted the share repurchase process. 
So can you expect us to be -- how programmatic can you expect this to be? It will vary depending on a number of factors, both on our current performance as well as our expected needs of future capital and our access going forward. So we were pleased, as you picked up. And I said in the earlier answer, we were a bit constrained by volume in the fourth quarter. So we'll see where we can go from here.

Well, I want to highlight kind of where you started to go with this, John, which is that the ultimate solution for healthy buildings is going to be some combination of technologies and all of which require some control. And so both in our building management, so with our Distech assets, with our controls portfolio, all of those which are going to be necessary for whatever decision that any enterprise or any building takes to -- for -- to create a healthy environment.
So with these investments that we've made in the partnership with Ushio and the broad spectrum, we believe we have the -- we have made all the investments we need to in the IP and the technologies. And now we're stitching those together with controls, which we believe are a differentiator for us, and then we'll scale those into the marketplace.
And so I don't want to tamp down the enthusiasm for this other than to say that we're meeting customers where they are right now. And so all -- everyone is trying to establish what exactly the impact that this is going to be. And I believe that our products and the controls portfolio is well positioned to meet that need. 
The -- it's -- frankly, I just don't think there's a lot of -- there's not yet a lot in it for us to try and describe the market as bigger than we currently see it right now, but we are definitely positioned to take a disproportionate share of what's out there.

I'll just summarize that, so -- and tie back to the things we've already said before. So first, we took price in the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter of this year. So the price/mix was positive in the fourth quarter of last year, a positive in the first quarter of fiscal '20. And so for the full year, we're about flat on the impact of price.
Second, we mentioned that we were strategic about where we were investing in price to balance our -- to balance the supply and demand and to ensure that we were taking share. You saw success in areas where we invested in things like Contractor Select portfolio.
So as we look forward then, I would expect -- and obviously, this is a cyclical business. That's what we've been talking about for the last hour. That there is a consistent amount of supply and an inconsistent amount of demand. So we want to take a disproportionate share of the demand that does exist out there. And so we will be targeted in our investments in price to try and maintain that, all the while also maintaining our gross profit margin. 
So as you see where we've been in the fiscal third quarter, fiscal fourth quarter and in our conversation with Tim at the beginning of the call, we believe that we can manage in that mix, and we will be as aggressive as we feel like we need to be to try and drive our positioning in the market.

So again, I'd like to emphasize a couple of things. First, we feel like we performed really well in the quarter. We were able to manage to a 5% net sales decline and a flat gross profit margin. And we -- we are demonstrating consistently the ability to generate cash in all market environments. And so we -- we believe that we are well positioned for however the market shakes out, whether it stays at these levels, and we have a robust product portfolio for the inevitable bounce back that's going to happen, whether that's in the renovation or the new construction starts. And we feel really good.
And the last thing I'd like to say is I'd like to compliment our team on an incredible effort over the course of the last 2 quarters, whether we're talking about the supply chain, the product development folks, the technologists we've brought on board, all of the enabling functions. Everyone has rallied in what is obviously a very demanding environment to deliver what we believe is a very solid performance.
And so we're excited about the future, and we're well positioned for where we think it's going to shake out. So thank you for your investment of time and learning about Acuity, and we appreciate the conversation, and we look forward to talking to you again this time in another quarter.