Thank you, Charlotte, and thank you to everyone on the call for joining us this morning. Our team delivered a strong quarter of sales and operating profit growth, driven by solid execution across both our lighting and spaces businesses. This performance is a direct result of the significant and ongoing improvements that our team has made over the last 2 years.  
Third quarter sales continue to trend and marked a bit of a milestone. It was the fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth. Sales were over $1 billion this quarter for only the second time in the company's history as we continue to successfully capture price and drive volume through product vitality and service in both the lighting and spaces businesses. This quarter, we were aggressive with our share repurchases. We repurchased about 5% of our shares outstanding in the third quarter. We are confident in the future of our company, and these repurchases add leverage to our future success and create permanent shareholder value. 
Moving on to our segments. Both our lighting and spaces businesses performed well in the third quarter. First, on Acuity Brands Lighting. Our Lighting and Lighting Controls business had another very strong quarter, with top line growth driven by our product vitality efforts and our focus on service. Market demand in the third quarter remained strong, and we continue to work through our backlog, which continues to be above normal levels. Our strategy of increasing product vitality increasing service levels and using technology to differentiate both our products and our service is working. Our product vitality efforts are the combination of new product introductions and improvements to our existing products. 
Over the last 2 years, we have dramatically accelerated these efforts. As a result, our products are more valuable to our customers and more profitable for us. One of our key product leaders recently finished a complete refresh of its product families. And he asked me, what do we do now? And my answer was simple. We do it again. With product vitality, I'd like to tell our team that if you're in front and you run faster than everyone else, no one can catch you. We believe that we have the best engineering and design teams in the industry, and they are delivering. Our service has also been strong. In May, several members of the ABL team and I went to the National Association of Electrical Distributors Annual Conference where we met with many of our key distributor partners. This was the first time this group has been together since the pandemic, and each company we met with had the same feedback for us. Acuity had the right products and was able to deliver throughout the pandemic and the subsequent supply chain shortages when others could not. It was great for the team to receive affirmation from the marketplace on the changes that they've made. It reflects the value of having the right products and being able to deliver them no matter what is going on in the world.  
Now moving to our Intelligent Spaces Group. Spaces continue to perform well with strong sequential quarterly sales growth of 17% and 5% year-over-year growth as well as year-over-year margin improvement. The mission of our spaces group is to make spaces smarter, safer and greener. Our Distech Controls products, power controls, sensors and other activities in built spaces and our Atrius cloud-based applications deliver value to owners and end users in those spaces. I'd like to focus on smarter and greener for a few minutes. A few weeks ago, I was in California at the Distech Connect Conference, where we gathered together key systems integrators who buy and install our Distech products. It was the first time that this group was in person since 2018, and everyone was excited to be back together. Between 2018 and now, Distech has grown significantly through continued product development and strong partnership with these independent systems integrators. Our open protocol technology and continued product innovation is proving to be the way to make spaces smarter, faster. And our partnership with independent systems integrators allows us to move quickly and service more and more of the market. Distech powers the facilities and generates data. Atrius is a collection of cloud-based applications that use this data to solve specific problems in spaces. Distech and Atrius can operate independent of one another, but together, we can deliver true edge-to-cloud technology and applications. 
One of our core offerings under the Atrius brand is Atrius Building Insights, which is targeted to multi-building operators to provide a single source for their energy usage, carbon and cost management through data aggregation. Currently, this platform is used in thousands of buildings across North America. Similar to Distech, our customers include a diverse group of some of the smartest technology companies, commercial customers and institutions. Our Acuity buildings, of course, use Atrius Building Insights to monitor and reduce our energy usage, our carbon footprint and our costs and is a key part of our EarthLIGHT initiative. You'll see more about this when we publish our EarthLIGHT report later this year. 
There's a lot to get excited about in ISG, and I look forward to sharing more developments in the future. Now I want to touch on capital allocation. Our capital allocation priorities remain the same. We will continue to prioritize investments for growth in our current businesses, invest in acquisitions, maintain our dividend and allocate capital for share repurchases when we perceive there is an opportunity to create permanent value for shareholders. Karen is going to talk about our decision to allocate capital to inventory later in the call and give more color on our additional share repurchases this quarter. But before I pass this to Karen, I want to leave you with a few thoughts. I'm proud of how our team continues to perform. They continued their focus on product vitality and service while managing the ongoing supply constraints. We expect the market conditions in the fourth quarter to remain largely consistent, and I'm confident that our team will continue to deliver.  
Now I'll turn the call over to Karen, who will take a deeper dive into our third quarter performance, and I'll be back later in the call for Q&A and for some closing remarks.

Chris. Thanks for joining us. Thanks for the question. So obviously, on the pricing front, we have successfully implemented a number of price increases. And we're -- in this inflationary market, we're evolving how we do price increases. So they are more, they're frequent and they're oftentimes more targeted. As long as the inflation -- inflationary market continues, I think you can expect that we will also be continuing to adjust our prices going forward.

Yes. So I want to kind of emphasize a couple of things, Chris, because I think this is a really good question. So first, our strategy has been to invest in product vitality, invest in service and use technology to differentiate our products. So we have better products that are more valuable for our customers and more profitable for us on a relative basis to the rest of the industry. So as we look forward, we believe those are going to be the hallmarks of who our Acuity Brands Lighting business will be going forward. So we'll have the right products in the right place at the right price.
Our pricing strategy is really straightforward. We compete effectively where we need to on everyday lighting products, and we're the best solution sold through our independent sales network and direct sales network for broader product business. So I believe that because of our product vitality and because of our service, we are positioned well for whatever market presents itself to us over the next 3 to 5 years.

Yes. So let me kind of unpack both of those, John. First, on the pricing execution. So I spend a second on pricing strategy before, so now pricing execution. At the -- in the lighting business, the pricing execution is centralized in a consolidated function that is powered by a combination of our team who has a lot of, obviously, domain experience and the introduction of technology, which is allowing them better data to make better decisions. So that's an evolution from where the company was, say, 3 years ago. And we'll continue to invest there. And I think that there's continued opportunity for improvement in execution around the strategy that I outlined earlier.
On the cost side, you emphasized kind of two key points there or you emphasized one, I'm going to emphasize two. The first is the cost of the inputs. The second is the scalability of our supply chain, the manufacturing and the distribution piece. So first on the components, obviously, we're competing in an inflationary environment. So you see the movement in component prices from components to freight, et cetera. We have demonstrated that we are -- have been pretty dexterous in our management of those going forward. And I've told our team that while I would like to tell them that I think the next 2 years are going to be easier than the last 2 years, there's no indication that it will be. So they're ready to continue to attack those challenges. The second then is the scalability of our supply chain, manufacturing and distribution.
We've demonstrated that -- if you go back to the kind of the pandemic and as we all went into it and no one knew what would happen, we demonstrated the ability to manage effectively through a period where revenue dropped. And now we're -- I believe we've demonstrated our ability to execute in a period where revenue increased. And I think that highlights -- it's a good way to think about the 2 things. One is the scalability of our manufacturing and distribution number one, and number two, our team's ability to manage and deliver in wildly different environments in a really short period of time. So that, I think, positions us again for what's going forward. And as I said, none of us know what the next 2 years are going to be like, but we know that they're not going to be straightforward. So we're in a -- but I believe we're in a good position to manage through that.

Yes. So I will unpack that. Thanks, John. First, on the seasonality impact. For us, we have more shipping days in the fourth quarter than we do in the third quarter. So that's the natural kind of -- that's a piece of the natural seasonality. We -- as you look at our Q3 performance, we hit on pretty much all of -- as Karen indicated, all of our key distribution channels. So for example, corporate accounts had a big quarter. And as she mentioned, that's not always consistent because it's dependent on when those customers choose to make renovations. Having said that, we continue to have backlog levels above normal levels. The demand continues. And so as we look forward, we're -- we think that, as I said, it will be more of the same. Obviously, we're not going to grow 18% every quarter kind of for the foreseeable future. But things are more the same and different in the fourth quarter.

Yes, Chris, I'll take on that. As I indicated in the prepared remarks, obviously, ISG is a combination of Distech, which is on-prem and Atrius, which is in the cloud. So what -- where we've guided kind of their strategic development is that we are going to continue to demonstrate that we can deliver to profitability while we invest in new products and in new software and data capabilities. So you see in this quarter, I think, is a responsible representation of the ability to do both. The ability to grow and the ability to deliver some profit. So going forward, we expect to continue to do that. So we'll continue to demonstrate profit while we invest in growth. The priority would be growth if we are forced to choose. But as we've demonstrated, I think we can do both.

So not to be -- not to make a pun, but I'll start -- on the macro question, I'll start with the macro, which is obviously, we're all competing in the same economy, and we're eyeing the same data that you are eyeing and we're positioning ourselves appropriately for what could happen; because I don't think any of us know what will happen. As of now, as we indicated, things are more the same than they are different from an outlook perspective. So we continue to see the order and quoting volume. We have above normal backlog as we indicated, and so that positions us going forward. Of course, we acknowledge though that there's a lot of discussion about things potentially changing. So -- but we're -- as of now, things are more the same than they are different.

Yes, I think we're being pretty strategic about how we think about pricing. So we announced another price increase yesterday, which was targeted and specific. And I think pricing in our industry should become more -- a little bit more dynamic over time, and we're leading that. From a cost perspective, we see things about the same as they have been in the past. Obviously, we have some cost in our inventory, which we will be working through over the next couple of quarters. But going forward, we feel like we're more and more comfortable in a market where price is changing and costs are changing.

So obviously, we spent a lot of time focused on this, and we think about kind of where our growth is going to come from. So to tie this question to an earlier one that Karen answered, we are seeing a healthy combination of price and volume growth, which are -- and unit growth, which are driving our sales. So as we look forward, we believe that we have -- because of the investments in product vitality and because we have an investment in service, we have a runway that we're going to continue to execute against. So the relationship then between daily order rate obviously and shipments will be important, but it will be less pronounced perhaps than it was in years past. So we do have some runway as we look forward to changes. And our objective is to deliver as consistently as we can through in economic times, which are inconsistent.

Yes, I'll start, Karen, if you want to add anything to this. So the -- if there are bottlenecks, they are really around chips. So kind of it all starts with silicon, as you've heard. We've obviously demonstrated an ability to do that better than others. But because we have a higher backlog, we've also are demonstrating to ourselves that we could still use more. So that's the place where we spend a lot of our time and effort. And to think through kind of the impact of that, I'll just kind of anecdotally give a piece of color, that's a relatively inexpensive piece but a highly important piece of the entire build of Luminaires.  So the electronics that are part of the driver, the driver is part of the Luminaires.  So that relatively inexpensive component ties up a lot of other components, which are waiting to be assembled into the final Luminaire.  That's part of the reason why our inventory is higher. Our raw material inventory is higher because we're positioned so that when we do get those chips, we can we can perform.
I want to take my hat off to our sourcing team and their ability to be creative and to be dexterous about kind of finding these components. I told a story last quarter, I believe, or the quarter before, where we were even sourcing products for some of our competitors who are our suppliers because they didn't have access to them. So we're doing everything that we can to differentiate ourselves. And as that starts to -- as those chips and silicon start to flow more consistently, which we believe that they will, it's just a matter of when, as they -- then we can more consistently kind of work through the rest of our inventory position and continue to work through our backlog.

Miguel, I compliment you on your Algebra. That's where we're rolling out for the rest of the year. Obviously, we're not going to continue to grow at 18% as I indicated earlier. But the algebra would suggest that we will be above single digit remainders for the full year. Are you okay?

Yes. As we said on the outlook, I think things are -- as of now, things are more the same than they are different. So we continue -- as Karen indicated in our kind of disaggregated revenue we have strong performance through all of our channels. So as of now, things are more the same than they are different.

Thank you all for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest in Acuity. I just want to reiterate that I'm really proud of how our team is performing through downtimes, now uptimes. They are continuing their focus on product vitality and service while they manage through the ongoing supply constraints. And so I want to take my hat off to our team for their performance, and we look forward to continuing that. And we look forward to talking to you again soon. Have a good rest of your day.