Thank you, Charlotte, and good morning to everyone joining us to discuss Acuity Brands. Our team delivered another strong performance in the second quarter of fiscal 2022. For the second consecutive quarter, we delivered net sales growth of 17%, and we maintained our gross profit margin at 41.7%, consistent with the first quarter. And compared to last year, we increased diluted earnings per share by 22%.  
Despite the cost challenges, we were able to convert our sales growth into operating profit and net income by effectively leveraging operating expenses.  
The world remains complicated. Although our demand environment is strong, costs continue to be volatile, and we are continuously dealing with the ongoing pressures resulting from the global component shortages. In spite of this, our team continues to execute well, and this is reflected in our performance.  
Both ABL and Spaces are performing admirably. Our decisions to prioritize shipments by investing in electrical components and transportation are resulting in higher sales and operating profits albeit at slightly lower margins.  
Now I want to move to talk to our progress at both ABL and Spaces. First, in ABL, I'm happy to report that some things are returning to the way they used to be. In March, we hosted our first in-person sales conference in 3 years, [ Next '22 ]. It was great to be back together with our independent sales network, who have performed exceptionally through the ups and downs over the last 2 years.  
We have the best agents in the industry, and it was a great opportunity to talk about our strategic vision for Acuity Brands Lighting, share many new products and engage our agency partners around our EarthLIGHT initiatives. This was the first time that many of our associates and agents had seen each other in-person since the pandemic started. While we have been incredibly productive working virtually with our channel, it was great to spend some quality time together in-person. It was hard not to be struck by the levels of energy and enthusiasm throughout the event and the consistency of the feedback from our agents. They said Acuity is delivering.  
Our investments in service have allowed us to prioritize delivering for our customers when others have been unable to. At the same time, our investments in product vitality have allowed us to continue to create compelling new products that are both innovative and market moving.  
As I said last quarter, we have done this by focusing on 3 main areas. First, by focusing on strategic supplier relationships. The current environment has reminded us all that it really matters who you do business with. Because we are the largest lighting company, we have certain advantages over our direct competitors. But those same components are also used by larger industries. Consequently, we are making investments in people, time and resources. We have recruited a new Head of Strategic sourcing for ABL. We are working with our key suppliers on effective planning and allocation management, and we are investing in inventory.  
Second, by empowering our teams to prioritize access and speed over cost on available components, we have been able to ensure continuity of supply across many of our existing product lines while also supporting our ongoing product vitality efforts across our product portfolio.  
Finally, as I said last quarter, our engineering teams continue their herculean efforts to redesign products to the available components. At the same time, these teams have also managed to introduce around 220 new or significantly upgraded Lighting and Lighting Control products over the last 2 years. We expect the challenges around access to and cost of components to continue into the foreseeable future. 
Our strategy around product vitality and the dexterity of our engineering teams in flexing to the changing requirements of the component shortages has been a significant part of why we are leading in this market, and we expect to continue these efforts. 
Another highlight of the next conference was our focus on EarthLIGHT. EarthLIGHT is an important part of our strategy. Our product vitality efforts are not just about improving the functionality of our products, it is also about redesigning products to reduce customer energy consumption, reducing packaging and waste and improving transportation efficacy. This quarter, we announced a new initiative that brings together both technology and sustainability to significantly reduce paper use by introducing scannable QR Code instructions across our products. 
At Next, we also expanded our community outreach by packing 1,000 bags of food for a local Atlanta organization together with our agents. It was one of the highlights of the event. 
Now moving to the Intelligent Spaces Group. Spaces had another solid quarter of growth. In both Distech and Atrius, we have a strong product road map to make Spaces smarter, safer and greener. Distech continues to win in the building controls market against significant competition. Through the ECLYPSE controller products, Distech is at the forefront of the technology curve, with the presence in key markets and recognized leadership built on open protocol technology. 
In the last quarter, Distech won projects across North America and Canada and saw significant project wins in key verticals, including an education, commercial, infrastructure and in data centers. Distech is now a key supplier to 2 of the largest cloud providers. 
We also continue to develop the Atrius platform, including progress on Atrius Building Insights, and we expect to expand the portfolio over time. We continue to add talent to this team. 
Finally, I want to update you on our capital allocation. Our capital allocation priorities remain the same. We expect to continue to prioritize investments for growth in our current businesses to invest in acquisitions, to maintain our dividend and to allocate capital to share repurchases when there is an opportunity to create permanent value for our shareholders. 
This quarter, the Board of Directors authorized additional capacity for share repurchases to increase our remaining authorization from 3 million to 5 million shares. Since May of 2020, we have repurchased approximately 13% of our shares outstanding. 
I would also like to announce the appointment of [ Sachin Saint Paul ], our Senior Vice President of Growth and Transformation. Sach joins us to manage our technology organization to deploy our better, smarter, faster company operating system and to lead the integration efforts for future acquisitions. Sach comes to us with distinguished experience at leading companies, including Trimble and Honeywell. We're excited to have Sach on our team. 
As I close, I once again want to thank our team for their ongoing efforts. Each quarter, we are faced with new challenges, and our team continues to deliver. Our continued focus on service and product vitality is allowing us to take advantage of the strong demand environment. 
I will now turn the call over to Karen, who will take a deeper dive into our quarter performance, and I'll be back later in the call for Q&A and for some closing remarks.

Chris, thanks for being with us. As Karen indicated in her commentary, we've been able to strategically introduce 6 price increases over kind of the course of this year way more than we expected, obviously. And the reaction has been kind of relatively accepting of those price increases. So you've seen us have success, obviously, in the top line performance as a result of that.
Demand remains strong. So as we look at backlogs in terms of committed orders, they are obviously significantly higher than they usually are at this point, which is a reflection both of the strong demand as well as the availability of components, et cetera, that Karen alluded to. So we're trying to work through that as effectively as we can, and we expect that dynamic to be -- to continue through at least the rest of the calendar year, which is demand is strong and supply chain is tight.

Yes. So it's really hard to introduce something new to the world. So our -- so just to reframe kind of our -- what we had intended to do at the beginning of the year was to provide a financial framework, which we did not engender to update through the year. So that was, as you remember, kind of mid-single digits for ABL and that implied expanding operating margins, which is what we're delivering on.
Our focus during the year is going to be on telling you what we're doing, why we're doing and how we're doing that and delivering the best results that we can. And so as we talked about, obviously, there's price increases. There's volume. And within the ability to realize that, we're really focused on these 3 things, the strategic supplier relationships, prioritizing access to over cost of some of our components and the continuous reengineering we're doing of products to the available components. So that's how we're doing what we're doing and the results are kind of obviously speaking for themselves.

Yes, high single digits, sorry. Thank you for correcting me, Chris. I didn't mean to accidentally give the wrong numbers.

Yes. So as we kind of talk through those, one of the things we highlighted in our last quarter was that we have intentionally not repriced the backlog. So just for those who may not know, a project gets started, whether it's -- I'll focus on C&I for a second. Project gets started. The -- we start to make quotes for that project. When those quotes are accepted, we consider that a committed order and we honor that price going forward. So all price increases are from that -- effectively from that point forward. So you see the -- effectively the cumulative effect of those price increases in the backlog as it starts to roll forward.
The challenge with managing or matching up pricing cost is, obviously, those are moving independently of each other. So we are -- we have realized a significant amount of price, and we will continue to realize more as the cumulative impact of that kind of rolls out through the rest of the year. 
Independent separately from that, obviously, we're buying the necessary components to manufacture those goods. So whether it's components, when we can get -- when and where and what we need to pay for them to get them and the other key materials like steel, aluminum, et cetera, which are moving independently of each other. The sum of those, obviously, is our ability to manage price cost. And that's how we feel like we've done a -- even though the margins aren't as high as they were last year, given the volatility on the cost side, we feel like we've done a really nice job of managing those. And it sets us up for continued performance the way and by the same manner in which we've done it for the remainder of the fiscal year.

Yes. So as I said, and Karen indicated, we've seen strong demand. That's continued. So backlog has picked up slightly sequentially. So there's plenty of business out there. It's -- we're just working hard to satisfy it.

Yes. Karen, do you want to start?

Yes, I'll take that one, Chris. So I can't speak for what the acquisition strategy was before I got here. So we'll focus on kind of what we said on the Investor Day, which is that our capital allocation priorities are pretty straightforward. One, we want to grow the businesses we already have. Two, we want to expand the company via acquisition, both investments in our current businesses, lighting and spaces as well as add additional businesses over time. The third is to maintain our dividend. And then the fourth is when we see an opportunity to create permanent value for share repurchase, we've done that. And when it's been really attractive, we've been really aggressive. 
So as we look forward to the acquisition strategy, that is absolutely a part of where we want to -- how we want to deploy capital going forward, and we want to grow the business. As a point of fact, though, we've seen significant opportunity to generate value through our existing businesses. So that's where we focused our efforts. 
Obviously, the OSRAM acquisition is a great example of adding a strategic asset to an important business for us. So as a reminder, the reason that we did that was threefold. One was to control the technology we have in our Luminaires. So the analogy I drove with our team was we were a car company that didn't manufacture engines and now we do. The second was to expand our OEM channel so that we could participate more fulsomely in the broader market. And then the third was to integrate our supply chain so that we could scale more effectively. That acquisition is performing exceptionally well. 
From a financial perspective, it's -- as we indicated on the last quarter, it's mildly dilutive from a gross margin percentage, but dollar -- obviously, dollar accretive, and we expect that to accelerate over time as we integrate it. We're actively looking at opportunities to expand the Spaces Group, both in businesses that are more related to Distech primarily and then we're working aggressively to demonstrate organic sales growth with the Atrius products as a first step towards investing further in them. 
And then finally, that gives us the opportunity over the next couple of years to add other businesses to the portfolio. So we're positioning the company both from an ability perspective as well as a talent perspective, evidence the addition of Sach. And obviously, we're positioning well from a financial perspective. So the narrative will be over the next while, we will continue to improve the businesses that we already have. And over time, we'll add businesses where we can demonstrate what we've done with ABL and Spaces and other environments where we can drive high returns for our shareholders.

Karen, I'll take that one. I would say, Josh -- I would say that the supply chain -- I mean, I can't think of a better -- different analogy other than kind of whack-a-mole. It just seems to be something different each time. So -- and I believe that's the -- you see that flowing through in kind of pick your commodity, pick your component. The big picture trends are pretty obvious. There is a -- there is more demand than supply for global chips. So kind of working through allocations and demand planning is the challenge there trying to get our unfair share of those. Transportation has been a problem. That should hopefully get a little bit better in the foreseeable future, absent kind of any Long Beach strike issues moving product through the West Coast. And then commodity prices have changed. You can see those as well as we can. 
So whether it's steel or with the Ukraine situation, aluminum prices obviously changed. So we're kind of playing whack-a-mole, which is why we've talked about kind of how we're trying to manage through this, and Karen walked through the pricing and the costing. That's why I feel like we're pleased with these margins on the gross margin level in a steady-state environment. I'm confident we'd be delivering higher margins. But even if they hang around at these levels for a while, I think we can be pleased with them.

The only thing I'd add to that, Josh, is we've had a lot of success with the contractor select portfolio, which is right product, right place, right time. So we describe it as your most important everyday lighting products. And so that is -- as long as we maintain high product vitality, that's an interesting and important part of the portfolio going forward.

Yes. So first on the rates, I don't think we've seen that yet. So we're obviously paying close attention to that. And there's -- I don't -- I think it's pretty obvious that projects -- the value of projects will have to change -- big project, not our projects. The projects we're a part of will be impacted at some point by discount rates. 
In terms of managing through the backlog, we are -- we have initiated a significant number of activities. I highlighted the key ones about kind of redesigning products and the strategic supplier relationships and managing to costs or to access and speed over cost. The -- if you were to walk our halls, you would hear us talk about best, which is a backlog elimination strategy and that activity spans from focus factories in Mexico all the way through our sourcing, our product and our go-to-market teams. And so we're aggressively ramping capacity. We've -- as you can see, we've worked -- well, you can't see. Some things are harder than -- look easier than they are. This one has been a challenge as we've managed through components. We've gotten labor in a really good spot over time now. So we're starting to crank through that backlog. The good news is that orders remain strong. So even though we continue to increase our production and our productivity, the orders keep coming in.

Thank you all for joining us this morning. We really appreciate your interest in Acuity Brands. I would say, from my perspective, the summary is, I believe that our team delivered a really good quarter in a really challenging environment. As we look forward, demand remains strong. Supply chain remains tight and challenging, and we'll continue the hard work to deliver on the results that you've seen going forward. So thank you for your interest in us, and thank you to our team and our independent sales network for their hard work delivering these results.