Thank you, Charlotte. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss Acuity Brands. I'm pleased with our company's performance in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. In a challenging global supply chain environment, we grew sales 11% and expanded our gross profit and operating profit margins.  
Our performance demonstrated our focus on product vitality and customer service. We allocated capital effectively by closing the acquisition of OSRAM's North American digital business and have created permanent value for our shareholders through the repurchase of company shares.  
2021 was a pivotal year for us as we advanced our corporate transformation, and I'd like to take a few minutes to recap some of those achievements. We returned the company to growth. We grew sales in the third quarter, the fourth quarter and the full year, and we expect this growth to continue. We expanded gross profit margins for the full year despite a challenging global environment. We realigned our businesses into ABL, our Acuity Brands Lighting and Lighting Controls business; and ISG, our Intelligent Spaces Group. This alignment creates the necessary strategic focus on each business and allows us to develop the leadership teams that will deliver on their potential.  
We generated strong cash flow and allocated capital in a way that creates permanent value for shareholders. We held our first-ever Investor Day. We built a strong and diverse leadership team and are attracting new talent throughout the organization.  
Our continuing improvements around ESG are central tenets to our strategy. We have made significant progress by reaching carbon neutrality in our operations and by committing to the reduction of 100 million metric tons of carbon from our put in place products and services by 2030. We've made progress on diversity, equity and inclusion and on governance. And you can read more about all of this in our upcoming 10-K, our annual report, our annual EarthLIGHT report and our proxy. And finally, we have positioned ourselves well for 2022 and beyond.  
I now want to update you on our ongoing transformation in each of our businesses, and I will start with ABL. We've had a good year in ABL. Our focus on innovation through product vitality and increasing our service levels for the benefit of our customers has delivered strong results. And we are continuing our efforts to drive our product expansion.  
The Compact Pro High Bay, which we've discussed before, continues to deliver from both a revenue and margin perspective in the high-growth industrial sector. Our product vitality efforts include improvements to existing products and the introduction of new ones.  
In the fourth quarter, we introduced the HomeGuard LED security floodlight. It's an exciting addition to our Contractor Select portfolio. This new platform offers a technology upgrade, higher efficacy, greater safety options and ease of installation. Sales have been strong. We're off to a great start in a category where we currently have low share and strong growth opportunities.  
We are also continuing to increase our service levels and deliver productivity improvements. We are using Better, Smarter, Faster to improve our processes and our technology for better, more efficient customer service.  
Today, I'd like to focus on Agile. Agile is our commerce platform that is used by our channel for all of the key steps that they need to do business in Lighting and Lighting Controls: from finding products to creating solutions for large projects to bidding on those projects; to place in the orders; and finally, tracking those orders to completion. Our team is constantly improving Agile. One of our key areas of focus has been to improve the quality of the product data that we provide. This improvement provides many tangible benefits, including ease of use and improved order accuracy.  
Another area of focus that I've spoken about before is order status. I bring this up again because it has been essential during this complicated period. We were able to provide clearer information to our channel about their order status, which allows us to better meet their needs in the face of the global supply chain challenges. These examples address significant historical pain points and are foundational, which allow us to improve our service levels today and in the future.  
As we enter 2022, the priorities for Trevor and the rest of the ABL team remain the same: maintain high product vitality, continue to elevate our service levels and continue to use technology to differentiate ourselves. 
Now moving to the Intelligent Spaces Group.  The mission of ISG is to use technology to solve problems in spaces by making them smarter, safer and greener. We believe that each of these provides ample opportunities for future growth. Distech Controls is a collection of open protocol products necessary to effectively operate spaces. Atrius provides applications which use data to deliver value in those spaces. We are having success across Europe and North America with our Distech platform, especially around campuses, data centers and spaces that require a significant amount of control around the operation of the facilities.  
We continue to add products to this ISG portfolio. During the quarter, we added the ECLYPSE Connected Thermostat, an open protocol device that reduces installation costs, helps manage energy costs and improves the comfort of spaces. 
Now before I turn the call over to Karen, I'd like to conclude with thoughts on our transformation and the opportunity ahead. In the face of a challenging global environment, we have demonstrably improved our company and its performance. We have demonstrated our ability to grow sales through innovation and our ability to service our customers. We have improved our gross profit margins through product and productivity improvements. We have improved our operating profit margin by leveraging our costs. We have allocated capital efficiently through reinvestment in the business, acquisitions and share repurchase.  
We have the talent and the tools to build upon the operating strength we have developed over the last 18 months.  As we look forward, we expect to continue this performance. We are strategically positioned at the intersection of sustainability and technology. We have assembled a world-class team. We have demonstrated the ability to both build and acquire businesses. We have strong organic cash generation, and we have demonstrated that we know what to do with it to create value. 
Now I'll turn the call over to Karen, who will take a deeper dive into our performance and outlook for 2022, and then I'll be back for Q&A and closing remarks.

Yes. Tim, thank you, and thank you for the comments and thank you for the question. Obviously, this is the topic of the day, as you point out. This is probably a challenging global environment as any of us have seen, certainly and as long as we can remember. 
As we think about -- and Karen used freight as an example, we have seen -- we haven't seen a consistent either one directional price increase on all of our commodities, number one; or number two, consistent lack of availability on commodities. So it's been a moving target really throughout the process. And we expect that all to continue basically through the next at least 12 to 15 or 18 months. 
So our adaptability to that has been key to us delivering, most importantly, the ability to ship to customers and then secondarily, the ability to deliver on margin. As we look through to what has been most challenging, as you point out, chip constraints are a broad term. And obviously, we have a lot of different chips that we use in different products. And that, too, has been a little bit of a moving target. 
We got out in front early with some of our suppliers and partners. And we've worked hard to be a good partner to them through this process, which is we've tried to give them as clear a direction as to what we need as possible. And so what that's allowed us to do is be more predictable for them, which has allowed them to be more predictable for us. 
Now those challenges have impacted us in different ways. So for example, we would make a sensor which has a certain chip, and we might be down for a week on the development of that sensor, which holds up some of our orders. But we've been able to sequence those such that we've delivered the results that you've seen. 
Now as I point out, we don't expect the world to get any better in the foreseeable future. So we're using all of the levers we have to continue to prioritize, as I said earlier: one, to be -- as Karen used the expression, be the customer or be the partner that our customers can rely upon; and second, to meet our margin expectations.

So we've been able to get price, Tim, and we're starting to see the benefit of that a little bit in the fourth quarter to impact -- to mitigate these cost increases. And as you will remember, the industry has gone through a series of -- collectively has gone through a series of price increases. 
We've done 3 and we're seeing the benefit of that. And obviously, those will be cumulative and they'll layer in later the further along we get. So obviously, our channel are placing orders today, which turns into backlog for us, which turns into shipments later and finally, net sales. So you'll see us trying to balance that relationship. 
But as I said on the last call, and I want to emphasize this point is, we're trying to be the company that our customers can rely upon. And that means we ship on a regular basis, and we are as predictable as we can be for them around what their costs will be as they plan their projects to grow. So we are able to get -- we are getting price. It is having an impact, which is mitigating some of the impact of the -- of these cost issues, and we're also obviously improving our product and productivity improvements to also contribute to that performance.

Karen, do you want to take that?

And Karen, can I build on that to put in context kind of where we are in the transformation. So as I got here, I focused the company and you on gross margin to demonstrate that we could manage price-cost relationship. And I believe that we've done that in what has obviously been a very challenging environment. 
We're also now, as we've returned the company to growth, as Karen mentioned, we're demonstrating the ability to leverage costs and increase our operating margins as well. So I feel good with where we are, and we'll start -- you'll hear us start to talk more and more about operating profit and EBITDA and cash flow as we look forward.

Yes. It's a good question. So first of all, we have a pretty dynamic supply chain. So the -- we've just -- we don't break out specific numbers. But directionally, think about like 20% from Asia, 60% in Mexico and 20% in the U.S. and Canada, the rest of North America. So we have some dexterity in our supply chain that we use to our benefit in -- well, really always, but especially in times like these. 
Part of what we are developing with our new product portfolios, as we've increased vitality, we've also increased this dexterity so that those products can be manufactured some -- the same products can be manufactured both in Asia and North America. 
At the moment, our key constraint is access to containers, and which is why Karen brought up freight. I think everybody is dealing with that. As she indicated, we've obviously planned in advance for that, and so we've locked in both availability and price for certain periods. And now we're accelerating some of that. 
As we look out, let's add this -- let's add China power issues to the 768 other ways that the supply chain is being impacted by these global challenges. And we'll adapt to that the same way we're adapting to all the other challenges.

Yes. Chris, thanks for the question. I think the level of demand will mildly mitigate the normal seasonal impacts. So I think you'll see -- we'll see some higher -- a little bit higher growth in the first part of the year where we have more clarity, and we'll see for the back half of the year. That's part of the reason we provided outlook for the full year. 
And our expectation is that given kind of where the state of the world, number one, kind of nothing is normal at this point, so the number one. And number two is we're adapting, as you can see through our performance. 
And so while the -- there -- we'll get to a new normal at some point. We're not quite there yet. So on the broader demand question, obviously, the outlook we provided for the Lighting and Lighting Controls business demonstrates that we feel good about our business and where it's going to be for the full year. And we'll work through a series of steps along the way to get there in quarters. Some will be a little bit higher and probably, we expect some will be a little bit lower, but we'll get there.

So Chris, let me debate your premise. So when we presented gross margin in the second quarter, we highlighted that we have the highest margins in the industry by a margin, and we delayed our price increases as a result. 
And now you're starting to see us do two things in tandem, which is: one, realize price and two, mitigate the impacts of cost changes, which as Karen indicated, are volatile. They're not straight line in one direction or the other. And I don't think our performance is different based on a month. So I'm not sure that that's accurate. 
Having said that, as we look forward, we balanced the year going forward around the expectations that Karen outlined. So ABL will continue to grow in the high single digits. ISG will continue to grow in the mid-teens, and we'll continue to deliver around the 42% greater gross margin, which is the demonstration of us managing that relationship. 
And then finally, we've demonstrated we can cash the check as the company gets larger. So we're turning those net sales into profits and cash flow. And that's ultimately how we create value. We'll grow net sales, we'll turn it into cash and we'll grow the balance sheet not as fast. So that's our long-term model for value creation.

Yes. Jeff, that's a great question. And just as an interesting anecdote, there's a construction project in the office above us right now that we had to go get shut down for the call because you wouldn't have been able to hear us. So it turns out office renovation, at least in the Atlanta market, is strong. 
The -- I would say that the trends that we identified before have continued. So the high-growth areas around industrial, for example, where there's a lot of new investment have continued. We've seen, as Karen indicated, through the disaggregated revenue, we've seen strength pretty much across the board through our channels, which means that there's strength in really all of the main categories. So demand has not been an issue for us, and we don't think it's going to be an issue for us for the foreseeable future.

Yes. It's a good question. Thanks for following up, and let me dive in a little bit deeper there. Yes, education has been very strong. Obviously, that will be seasonal now going forward. But we continue -- we expect that to continue to be strong, and we're well positioned for what we expect to be strength in the next season for education. 
Health care is a place where we have the opportunity to gain more share. Obviously, there's strength there. And we highlighted the HomeGuard LED light because obviously, that's an area where we have the opportunity to take share and there's -- and we have a relatively low share to begin with. 
So we're -- I think one of the key strengths of our business is that we have a broad footprint, which allows us to participate where there is strength, and that strength is in the places that you would expect. 
The only thing that I would say that we're probably -- maybe our expectation is slightly different is, as we indicated earlier, I think the -- where I joked about the office upstairs, the renovation market, we think, is going to be there going forward, and we're positioned well for that as well.

Yes. John, let me address that one. So first, on the U.S. labor market, the labor market is tight, as you indicated. My view is that people -- all people are taking a step back as a result of the impacts of the pandemic and the general changes in their lives and saying kind of what do I really want to do. 
And so we're aggressively working to be the place where the best people want to come because they can do their best work. And that for us is everybody, whether you're a maintenance employee at one of our manufacturing facilities, a cell operator, a focus factory manager, distribution employee driver, et cetera. So that's tight. 
So availability has been tight, and there will be wage inflation over the course of the next year or so. We're currently working through that, but we're paying hyper attention to that. 
Mexico, we have a larger presence there, obviously. We've been a leader in INDEX, which is the maquiladora group of companies down there around the COVID response, around vaccination and around kind of the general experience of our associates there. And so we feel really -- we have a strong bond with our associates there, and we've not had the same labor tightness there that we -- that I think everybody has seen in the U.S.

Thank you all again for joining us, and thank you for your interest in Acuity. We feel like that our fiscal year just completed in August is a really important milestone in the transformation of the company. 
As we indicated, we returned the company to growth. We've demonstrated the ability to deliver margins. We've demonstrated the ability to leverage our expenses as we grow our net sales, and we are confident about both of our businesses, ABL, the Lighting and Lighting Controls business and ISG, the Spaces Group. And so we expect this to continue to be a challenging global environment, and we're pleased with our position in it going forward. So thank you for your time, and we look forward to catching up with you in a few months.