Thanks, Pete. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for spending time with us today to talk about Acuity. Our company performed well during an incredibly challenging market environment. The combined strength of our go-to-market channels, product portfolio and supply chain allowed us to effectively serve the needs of customers across many categories. None of us are nor do we ever want to become accustomed to these levels of revenue decline. Despite lower revenues, we were able to expand gross margins and to generate cash through a combination of actions that we took both during and before the pandemic. Some of the highlights of this quarter included our supply chain performing very well. We took care of the health and well-being of our associates, which allowed them to continue to effectively serve our customers. Our facilities remained open and productive, and they consistently met customer demand despite fully complying with regulatory work restrictions imposed to reduce the spread of COVID-19 and working through some component supply issues. Our product portfolio is increasingly aligned to customer demand, and we had several key product highlights this quarter, including new product launches, a strategic alliance on germicidal UV and continued growth in our Contractor Select portfolio, all of which I will talk about in more detail later.
We're adding talent, and we have begun to deploy teams focused on executing our digital transformation. This transformation is beginning, and I'll provide additional thoughts later in the call. Most importantly, our performance this quarter has demonstrated the adaptability and durability of our business. While our revenue declined 18%, largely due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we grew our gross profit margins 170 basis points, responsibly managed our fixed expenses, and generated $150 million of free cash flow during the quarter.
With that, I'll turn it over to Karen for more detail on the financials. Karen?

Thanks, Karen. We are all dealing with the coronavirus pandemic and its widespread impacts on our people and on the economy. We have aggressively managed our business to protect the health and well-being of our associates, to operate effectively an uncertain and rapidly changing market conditions and to compete to win both during the downturn and whatever follows. Our #1 priority has been to ensure our associates are protected from the spread of the virus, while in our care. We have quickly implemented changes to our facilities, including meaningful changes to people flow, changes to manufacturing cells, additional cleaning requirements for common spaces, mandatory face coverings, hand sanitizer stations and social distance workspaces.
We have implemented educational programs, contact tracing and engagement with our communities to improve the environment, both inside and outside of our facilities. Early on, we reviewed all government orders where we operate and confirmed that we were designated an essential business. This was a critical step in allowing us to service our customers in a variety of ways during the pandemic. For example, our teams deployed lighting solutions to temporary alternate care sites. In less than 48 hours, our custom architectural lighting solutions and applied technology solutions teams developed a portable health care light stand designed for lighting patient pods per specifications of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. They were deployed to facilities in Michigan, the Java Center in New York and McCormick place in Chicago to support the life-saving treatments for the most critically ill. We installed smart lighting and controls for a top-rated university's quantitative biosciences institute at the forefront of fighting COVID-19 through the host and protein identification that the virus uses in the host to replicate itself. We supplied lighting and building management solutions to data and logistics centers that are supporting the remote work capacity. Our indoor positioning and heat mapping technology was used to keep shoppers safe through social distancing measures in grocery stores and pharmacies. And we work with our suppliers on health and sanitation best practices to help them both reopen and stay open to minimize disruption to our key component supply.
As Karen described, net sales of $776 million were 18% below the prior year. The effects of the pandemic became more evident in April and May, particularly in the retail and commercial office verticals. At the same time, we saw more business in the industrial and education sectors, and were able to take advantage of these opportunities as we were open and operating effectively.
Our product development activity remained strong in this challenging environment. And we continue to invest in innovative product solutions to better position us during this time of market uncertainty. We launched a new slot fixture from Mark Lighting that aligned the right product and great quality, and we were able to ship to our customers when others could not. We were recognized by Buildings Magazine as a product award winner in the building and energy management category for the Allure UNIWAVE series of wireless interfaces and remote controls from Distech.
We continue to enhance and grow our portfolio of Contractor Select products. Sales of these products were up 7% over the prior year as we were able to take advantage of discretionary opportunities due to the strength of our supply chain and our robust portfolio. On June 1, we announced that we entered into a strategic alliance agreement with Ushio America Inc. Ushio has agreed to supply Acuity Brands with its Care222 UV disinfection module, which uses filtered excimer lamps to generate 220-nanometer far UBC light capable of inactivating viruses and bacteria on indoor surfaces. The agreement is exclusive to Acuity Brands for general illumination uses throughout North America. While we were focused on managing responsibly during the third quarter effects of the pandemic, we were also focused on coming out of this stronger than we went into it. We have begun the process of our digital transformation. We have added a new Chief Technology Officer, and we have deployed teams to begin to reimagine our business processes. I'm pleased with the talent that we're able to attract and that we already have within Acuity. As we said last quarter, we expect this to be a journey that will ultimately make us better, smarter and faster competitor. Our focus is on improving customer satisfaction and the time it takes us to perform key activities through improved processes and better technology. Our core business will get stronger as a result of this transformation. And this will better position us for success in our existing business and in future opportunities.
In summary, I'm proud of my colleagues and our performance during the third quarter. As I said before, we are demonstrating the ability of our business and our continued ability to generate cash. However, there is still great uncertainty around demand and the timing of any economic recovery. In addition, we expect pricing pressure and continued costs related to tariffs in the fourth quarter. As we look forward, we plan to balance the management of our costs with the investment in our transformation. And we have a robust new product portfolio that is positioned to benefit from a recovery in demand. We believe we have the financial strength and the resolve to manage the effects of the pandemic and to emerge stronger. Over the long term, we have the opportunity to more broadly adapt the company to expanding opportunities in our core business and to develop new ones. We have the market position, the people and the cash flows to become a larger, more dynamic company that delivers for our customers, our associates and our shareholders.
With that, I'll turn it over for questions, and we welcome Ricky Reece, our President, to join Karen and me for the question-and-answer period. Operator?

Yes. I'll start, Karen, and then if you want to weigh in as well. Obviously, we've done a lot of work to achieve that improvement in gross margin. So as we indicated in the comments, we're the beneficiary of work we've done to reduce input costs and to aggressively manage our variable cost through the change in demand. As we look forward, we obviously want to continue to achieve high gross margins. But there will be variability in those fixed costs and in other costs such as tariffs that we indicated. So while we're pleased with the improvement and we like where we are, we expect there to continue to be a little bit of volatility in that number going forward.

Yes, John, if we go back to kind of what we said last quarter, our #1 priority was to demonstrate the durability of our business model, and we feel very good about our performance this quarter, even in a tremendously down revenue environment to demonstrate the durability of that cash flow, which you highlight, has turned into continued strength in our balance sheet. That was our first priority. Our next priority then, obviously, is to continue the transformation of our core lighting, lighting controls and components business as we grow our building technology efforts. We -- as Karen indicated, we don't feel like we're at the middle of this -- of the uncertainty of the pandemic. So we're obviously going to continue to be -- to be mindful of managing our balance sheet and our cash performance through this so that we maintain as much flexibility as we can. And so then as we look forward, we'll report back in as we start to see beyond the horizon a little bit more on how we will deploy that cash. But again, we -- as we said last quarter, our priority is to deploy the cash for growth opportunities to make us a larger, stronger and more vibrant company.

Thanks, Deepa. Well, I mean, obviously, when we reported last, we were all embarking into this pandemic, and none of us knew exactly what was going to happen. And as we indicated, and I'm looking at Ricky across the table, we managed aggressively through this period, both our variable cost and our fixed costs, so that we could position ourselves both to thrive in the downturn, which I believe that we've demonstrated that we can do. And as I indicated, to continue to invest in our product portfolio so that we would have the products available when the market returns, which obviously has not yet. So I don't -- I wouldn't say that we were surprised by where we end up, but I would say that we are very pleased with the discipline with which we executed. And I want to start with the foundation of our supply chain. So the -- our ability to take care of our associates so that they could continue to operate effectively was essential to us, largely staying open in all of our facilities, and being able to meet demand. 
So I believe we clearly took orders that we -- that others were unable to serve through this downturn and built on the strength of our supply chain. So I wouldn't call that surprising, but I would call that very pleasing. And then if you take those things as we look forward, we continue to apply the same logic now as we did when we were with you a quarter ago, which is that I don't believe any of us know what the economic outlook is going to be. So we're attempting to position ourselves so that we can operate effectively at these kind of market levels. That we have a product portfolio that is poised to benefit from a rebound in market activity. And that we can invest in and execute on the transformation that we've described. So I wouldn't say we're hugely surprised, but I would say that we are pleased.

Ricky, I'll let you take that one.

Yes. I'll start, Ricky, and then if you'd dive in. Obviously, we're all looking at the possibility for germicidal UV and the -- its potential positive impacts on kind of helping us all get through this crisis. As you probably are aware, there are a number of different potential solutions. 222 is -- appears to be the most effective in the eradication of viruses and bacteria. But there are also other wavelengths, 254, for example, that provide opportunity as well. And so Ricky, you want to pick up on where we are kind of on Ushio and/or grow more broadly?

Yes. I'll take that. And then Ricky, if you want to add anything as we go through it. But I would say is, obviously, I've done a deep dive on the industry as being new to it. And I would say that our comment about the immediate term is our expectation that competitors will try and respond to the downturn by lowering price to try and gain some share. So I believe as we demonstrated in this quarter, and Karen indicated, even with pricing pressure in this quarter, we were able to deliver, and we were able to deliver gross margin in the process. As we look forward, I believe that puts us in a position of strength from a pricing perspective. 
And by position of strength, I don't mean that we need to increase prices. I think that means we are in a position to continue to serve prices. And largely, our average sales price across all products is relatively consistent over the past periods, and we would expect that going forward. So I do think that we -- this pandemic is obviously going to put some turmoil into the industry, and we intend to compete with our service levels as we have done through this quarter and to manage our price, both so that we are effective in the marketplace, but that we also continue to catch the check as we've demonstrated in this quarter.

Thanks, Tim.

Yes. We have not determined the answer to that question yet because we don't -- we can't -- we don't feel like we can effectively predict where the market levels are going to be during the pandemic. So as we've demonstrated this quarter, we can make some investment in transformation at the same time that we're performing at these levels. So -- and obviously, that will be our first course of action. But we reserve the right to increase that investment over time. Hopefully, our revenues in the core business will grow at the same pace. And so we'll cover that. But it's just -- those 2 aren't -- don't appear yet to be correlated. And so I think it's too early for us to say that definitively that we can do that. Obviously, we're going to try and do that, but it may not -- it's dependent on kind of the market demand for the core business.

Well, I'll just -- you emphasize the elements that are driving the improvement in gross margin. One, is product portfolio. Two, is a lower input cost. Three, is the aggressive management of our variable costs. Those are balanced by things outside of our control, like tariffs returning, for example. So we feel good about where we are. There's a cap to how far we want to drive gross margins, obviously, due to competitive reasons. So -- but yes, we feel pretty good with where we are.

Yes. I'll start and then, Karen. Obviously, we have a supply chain footprint that is sized to a larger business. So we feel like we've got a lot of capacity in that supply chain. So we will -- we were already, and we will continue to evaluate that and make any adjustments as we see fit. The second point you mentioned on variable costs. Obviously, we were pleased with the way we were able to manage our variable costs and as you know, variable costs don't manage themselves. So we were pleased with our ability to do that. So as we sit where we stand right now, we're positioned to continue to operate in this size market and volatile market situation with the ability both to scale up if demand returns and to continue to execute at these demand levels. 
So as everybody is kind of asking the same question in a different way, which is, are these gross margins going to stick? We believe we are kind of where we are right now, and we'll continue to manage around these levels as we go forward. But again, what you hear in our answers is that none of us know what demand is going to look like for the next 3, 6, 9, 12 months. So we're positioning ourselves to attempt to be successful in whatever market environment presents itself to us.

I'll use that question as an opportunity to talk about what Ricky was mentioning on the component side, but -- which I think is -- we mentioned on the last call, which is that the adaptability of our supply chain, both to be able to source from fixed goods suppliers in Asia as well as to manufacture here directly in North America and to add value and to make those potentially interchangeable is something that we feel is a core strength of the company, and we're going to continue to take advantage of that. So that is -- we may not be able to pivot on inside a quarter on something like that, but over time, we believe that adaptability gives us the opportunity to continue to be successful, no matter kind of where the market starts to take us.

Well, let me provide the strategic context for why we made the comment about pricing that we did. We expect as our competitors rebound from being shut down and they have a deeper potential hole to dig out of than we have. We expect them to be more aggressive in the marketplace. We're -- we believe we're out in front of them in that process. And the -- our service levels and our performance during this period should, to a certain extent, insulate us from a lot of those effects. 
So we're planning for that kind of low single digit, but we'll see where it shakes out. As Karen indicated, in this quarter's experience, obviously, we were able to stay open and keep shipping. We were able to keep price in this general area. And we were able to shrink an astonishing amount of 18%, but probably less than the industry in that process. So that's -- it's more of the same in the fourth quarter. We're just highlighting the fact that we expect the competitive intensity to increase, and we believe that we're positioned to respond.

Yes. So I'd like to summarize. Number one, we feel like we educate -- we operated effectively, excuse me, during a really challenging market environment. And we've attempted to position ourselves to be successful at this level of market demand as well as with a product portfolio that positions us to benefit from a rebound if and when that rebound occurs. So I appreciate all of the work that all of the associates of Acuity have done. Their dedication in the supply chain and the product areas through a challenging environment has positioned us so that we could deliver a relatively good quarter in a really bad environment and positions us well, hopefully for the future. So thank you for your interest in our company, and we look forward to talking to you again soon.