Thank you, Charlotte. Good morning, and thank you to everyone joining us on the call. We continue to deliver strong results in the fourth quarter, concluding what has been a very good fiscal 2022. We had strong demand across our end markets, and we demonstrated the ability to capture price and drive volume through product vitality and service in both our lighting and spaces businesses throughout this fiscal year. We delivered solid operating profit and EPS growth, and we, again, created permanent shareholder value through share repurchases.  
Both our lighting and spaces businesses have delivered strong results throughout 2022. Starting with ABL. Our team made good progress on product vitality and service initiatives. Our product vitality efforts are the combination of new product introductions and improvements to our existing portfolio to ensure that our products are more valuable to our customers and more profitable for us.
These product vitality efforts are being recognized. We won awards across our portfolio for design and innovation, including several Red Dot design awards for architectural lighting, EC&M magazine recognized our contractor select stack pack as a category award winner for Product of the Year, and we received a BrightStar award for software and controls from LED magazine.  
Our service initiatives are also being recognized by the industry. We were named Supplier of the Year by each of the 2 largest buying groups in the industry, IMARK and AB. Throughout 2022, we've been focused on satisfying customer demand. To do that through the global supply chain conditions, we have continued to prioritize 3 key activities: first, investing in supplier relationships; second, empowering our teams to secure components in the open market; and third, reengineering products to available components. While these challenges have continued, our focus has remained the same.  
In the fourth quarter, when our ABL business encountered sourcing interruptions with a few electronic components, we were able to leverage our strong supplier relationships to finish the quarter with a strong August.  
I'd now like to highlight 2 other important aspects of our business. The first is Contractor Select. Contractor Select is a collection of the most important everyday lighting and lighting control products. We have done, and we continue to do significant work on product vitality in this portfolio. This work allows us to be competitive from a value perspective and the results have been impressive. Contractor Select is growing faster than our broader portfolio and provides a consistent foundational relationship with electrical distributors.
Second, as we pass the 1-year anniversary of our acquisition of the OSRAM DS business, I want to update you on our progress. We have successfully integrated the business with our go-to-market product and supply chain efforts. We have rebranded the product portfolio to OPTOTRONIC as part of our eldoLED product family. We have begun to integrate more OPTOTRONIC drivers in our luminaire portfolio, we have grown our OEM sales, and we have successfully integrated the production facility into our Mexico operations. The acquisition is delivering on our expectations [ towards more ] of the technology in our luminaires, expand our OEM channel, and take greater control of our electronic supply chain.  
Now moving to our Intelligent Spaces Group. The Spaces team also had a very solid quarter, delivering net sales growth and expanding profit as we continue to make spaces smarter, safer and greener. Distech had strong sales in the fourth quarter, notably in the sales of our ECLYPSE controller, which uses open protocol technology to control and monitor systems and buildings, including heating, ventilation, lighting and other functions, essentially acting like the brain of the building. The data generated is then used to optimize energy consumption and occupancy comfort in a building or space. 
Atrius continues to roll out new and improved applications. In the fourth quarter, we launched product improvements to our Atrius locator, which enables customers to track high-value assets within their spaces, an Atrius' vision that can improve customer experiences by managing traffic in a space. 
Now I want to spend a minute on capital allocation. Our capital allocation priorities remain the same. Our priorities are to invest for growth in our current businesses, invest in acquisitions, maintain our dividend and allocate capital for share repurchases when we perceive there is an opportunity to create permanent value for shareholders. Earlier this month, we announced Philippe Brzusczak as Senior Vice President of Corporate Development and Strategy. Philippe reports to me and will be responsible for evaluating mergers and acquisitions and building strategic relationships. 
As I reflect on our fiscal 2022, we've had a good year. We have successfully repositioned the company at the intersection of sustainability and technology. Our businesses developed a technology that saves our customers' energy and reduces their carbon emissions. We are positioned for long-term growth by taking advantage of 2 of the most important megatrends, minimizing the impacts of climate change and maximizing the impacts of technology. 
Acuity Brands Lighting is the largest lighting and lighting control company in North America. We have dramatically improved our product vitality, and we have demonstrated that we could serve business when others could not. Our Intelligent Spaces Group has differentiated technology in building controls and management systems with Distech; and with Atrius, we are beginning to effectively demonstrate the benefits of connecting the edge to the cloud. 
We've changed how the company works with the introduction of our better, smarter, faster operating system. Better, smarter, faster is the combination of processes, tools and ways of working that spans from strategy to people, to operating rhythms, to problem solving. It is unique to our organization and allows us to drive strategic alignment, manage change and deliver results. 
At the same time, we have purposely transitioned the company to be a values-driven organization. We have 7 shared values. Some of our values like integrity, owner's mindset and community are fairly common. Others like time and curiosity are more distinctive to Acuity. Collectively, they serve as a decision-making framework that empowers our associates. The combination of better, smarter, faster and our shared values allows us to operate more efficiently with greater distribution of responsibility and accountability throughout the company. It is how we will continue to improve our businesses, respond quickly and effectively in changing economic environments and successfully operate additional businesses in the future. 
Our organization is clear on how we create value. We create value by growing net sales, turning those sales into cash and not growing the balance sheet as fast. We have overhauled our total rewards framework so that everyone in the organization is aligned with this. We've also demonstrated that we are effective capital allocators. We have made investments in our current businesses. We have successfully made and integrated acquisitions, and we have repurchased almost 20% of our company, creating permanent shareholder value. 
Now looking to our fiscal 2023 and beyond, we're excited about how far we have come, and our prospects for the future. While we expect 2023 to continue to be a dynamic environment, we are confident in our ability to execute. We are well positioned in a variety of end markets. We are continuing to invest in product vitality and service, and we have developed a culture that supports change and is committed to improving. 
Now I'll turn the call over to Karen, who will update you on our 2022 performance and provide a more specific outlook for 2023.

Tim, that's a good question, and thanks for asking it. The short answer is no. We feel like those product vitality and increase in the service levels are foundational to our long-term performance. And they've obviously served us well in an inflationary environment. And I think they're going to be equally as important in a more normalized environment. The ability to have products, which deliver value to customers and higher profits to us is essential. And so we've really pushed that on the product vitality front, and we're -- we've made a lot of progress there. 
And on the service front, I still think we have a lot of room for improvement. As we come -- as we all continue to work our way through these component challenges and try to get to more normalized lead times and such, those are foundational to how I think we remain differentiated from the rest of the lighting industry.

Yes. So I want to emphasize a couple of things on product vitality just that we mentioned in the prepared remarks, which is, when we say product vitality, we mean that as the combination of new product introductions and improvements to our existing portfolio. So we're doing both of those. And we are generally going to touch 20% to 30% of our product portfolio per year with those efforts, which -- the combination of which are what's driving the benefit. And that's up materially from where we would have been 3, 4, 5 years ago.

Yes. So we feel really good about our independent sales network and our collection of agents. We are in the process of kind of working through those agents and improving some of our representatives in different markets, which we feel really good about. What I say to our agents is that we're strategically dependent on each other. They need us and we need them. And as long as their business is good with us, we're good with them. 
And -- but the world is changing, and we're going forward, and our first choice is to take them with us. And as a result, we have a natural gravitation of the best agent in each of these local markets wanting to be aligned with the largest and best player. And so I see that continuing. The -- as you mentioned, there is a fair amount of change that's going on kind of down market on some of the other independent sales agents. And that creates, frankly, an opportunity for us, we think, and our local agents in each market going forward.

Yes. Thanks, John. So as we indicated in the prepared remarks, we expect fiscal 2023 to be a dynamic environment. And so one of the things that I've told our team is that our plan shouldn't be predicated on our ability to predict the economic environment better than everyone else can. And so a lot of the work that we have done and are doing is to try and make our organization as dynamic as possible to respond to what we see going forward. 
So specifically, as we look to the net sales guidance that we gave you, Karen gave you kind of the breakdown between ABL and ISG. So first, on the ABL side, as you indicated, we continue to carry higher than normal backlog. And we continue to see, as I said at the last quarter, things are more the same than they are different right now. So that's the -- that's kind of what's baked into those assumptions for ABL.
On ISG, the assumptions there are that we continue to grow in the low to mid-teens as we continue to take share in controls and we begin to accelerate the software at Atrius. 
So net-net, we don't have a perfect crystal ball, but we're confident in our ability to execute, and this is our best estimate of where we think we're going to be for the year.

Yes. So let me expand the aperture a little bit, please, John, beyond 6 to 12 months and think kind of over the next couple of years. We've purposely been very, very consistent about our priorities. We're going to invest in our current businesses. We're going to invest in M&A. We're going to maintain our dividend, and we're going to use capital for share repurchase when the opportunity presents itself. That framework remains the same. 
On the acquisition front, I believe that as we look forward over the next year or 2 years, we're better positioned to integrate -- execute, integrate and manage additional businesses based on all the work that we've done around better, smarter, faster and the rest of the company. And, as you mentioned, the market is a little choppy, so the world is coming back to us a little bit from a valuation perspective. So we would expect over the next couple of years that M&A will become a more important component of our capital allocation.

Yes, Chris, Karen and Charlotte will follow up with you and help you build the model after the call. Resident in these, obviously, EPS is growing year-on-year. The -- and we talked about -- we talked through the net sales guidance. So as you cascade that down, no, it doesn't imply margin degradation.
As Karen indicated, we expect to work through the first part of next year with continued inconsistency and some component availability, which impacts our ability to level load the factories, one; and two, some higher cost inventory related to -- that's in inventory right now related to higher container costs historically. But we feel pretty solid about where we're going for next year.

Yes. Thanks for the question. On Atrius, you're exactly accurate. We've really been focused on improving the product and adding additional functionality to it, largely with an emphasis on the impact on buildings. So you'll see us -- that's why we've been talking about building insights and you'll see some of the work that -- the new product introduction that we talked about, an improvement that we talked about, with locator and vision are really all about those spaces. We don't feel like we're yet at an inflection point with Atrius, and we don't assume that. But we're confident in the work that we've been doing. 
And it's worth taking a second to talk about the edge to cloud opportunities. So when we talk about the edge, that's obviously -- with Distech, we have powerful edge computing inside spaces that control those spaces and generate the data that can be used, as we mentioned, to control everything that happens in that space. And then the data creates options to increase additional functionality in those spaces, some of which currently exists and some of which we're building forward towards the future. So, no, I don't think we've turned to an inflection point yet on Atrius, but we are excited about the possibility of edge to cloud, and we're excited about our ability to compete effectively in the developing market around edge to cloud.

Yes.

Yes, Joe, I'll take that and answer it at a strategic and qualitative level. So big picture with ABL, we -- as I mentioned earlier, we feel like our product vitality efforts and our service level efforts have positioned us in a better place in the industry. So that would allow us to maintain these margins and hopefully increase them over time. As we look at ISG, obviously, they had a really good quarter in performance. That demonstrates what's possible there. 
Our expectation is that we'll continue to invest as necessary for that growth and for that growth to continue for a longer period of time. So this isn't a margin point, but for example, we're investing in capacity for Distech so that we can increase their manufacturing capacity for additional controllers. 
So the short-term answer is, yes, we're expecting similar margins for next year, and we're positioning ourselves for the opportunity to expand those margins over time.

Yes. That's a really good question. And obviously, we spent a lot of time kind of debating that. On the -- from an entire industry perspective, and I'll use us as representative, we've made 7 price increases in our last fiscal year. That's more than -- obviously, I haven't been in the industry that long, but that's more than anyone in our company can remember. So it's dramatically kind of changed the dynamic of the pricing environment. And so I would observe, it's not as linear as the question would imply that we introduced a new product, therefore, we can charge more for it. It really is a little bit more dynamic than that. 
What has been consistent, though, is that between the combination of our product vitality, our ability to serve and our channel positions in the marketplace, we've been able to realize more of that volume and more of that price. Obviously, the input costs in this year moved more than we had anticipated. And so we got -- we found ourselves chasing that a little bit, but I think that's true of pretty much everybody. So then as we look forward to a more normalized environment, that's where I think our product vitality and service will actually be that much more important. 
So while it allowed us to take volume in this kind of in this choppy market of 2022, as we look forward, I think what we're doing is building a more consistent position in the marketplace where contractors, distributors, lighting specifiers know that we have the highest quality and highest value products for them, and we can service them on a consistent basis, which I believe will bode well for us from a share and margin perspective going forward.

Yes, Jeff, there's a couple of good questions in there. So first, on the lag, it's just math. So container costs were, what, $16,000, $18,000 a few months ago, and they're more in the $6,000 to $8,000 range now just for context and those spikes. So those are going to work themselves through. I would say big picture, what we're pleased about is that we could deliver the blended margin based on based on all of the factors on volume, on price and on mix. So strategically, with our Contractor Select portfolio, we feel very, very good about where we are and where we're going, and we think it's really important because it does provide that foundational relationship with the the distribution industry, the electrical distributors that I mentioned earlier, and it does become a solid and core piece of where we're going forward. And we've obviously demonstrated with these margin levels that we can both be competitive from a value perspective in the marketplace and deliver margin at the same time. 
As it relates to kind of trade downs in the inflationary environment, that is something that, obviously, is always happening. But I would tell you as anecdotally that the performance of our architectural portfolio, so the things which are -- I think we would all generally consider more at the top of our product portfolio, has been stronger this year than in -- certainly in any time since I've been at the company. So it's really a healthy -- we're really healthy across the portfolio. We're significantly more healthy across the portfolio -- our portfolio at the high, the middle and the more value components, which is how we've delivered kind of the volume, the margin and the mix as you see it. And that's what we feel good about going forward.

Yes, Jeff, good questions. And I don't want to get too far out in front of ourselves. Obviously, we will always consider bolt-ons. So -- and one person's definition of adjacency may be different than a different person's definition of adjacency. So we'll obviously be -- we continue to look at things which are kind of in the sweet spot of the things that we are currently doing or very close there to. We are -- obviously, we had the OSRAM OPTOTRONICS acquisition, which has performed really well for us and was good for our organization to go through a meaningful integration process like that. 
We see very interesting adjacencies currently in the pipeline around our Spaces Group, which are both on the Distech side and on the Atrius side. And then we need to earn our -- I wouldn't call it outright diversification, but we've said consistently that we're positioned in front of megatrends, specifically minimizing the impact of climate change and maximizing the impact of technology. Obviously, those things -- those 2 megatrends affect everything. So that can be a relatively liberal definition. But we think there are going to be long-term growth opportunities inside that realm that we're focused on.

Yes. I'll take it, Karen. The -- first of all, on line of sight. One of the things that we emphasized is that we've invested significantly in our supplier relationships. We are establishing long-term multiyear relationships with some of the key component suppliers on the electronic side. So the -- we expect that to over time be -- to provide more consistency.
Specifically, what we were working through in the first half of the -- fourth quarter and the first half of the year is knowing when exactly those components will come so that we can schedule everything else around them. So, obviously, you can't build a luminaire without a driver, you can't build a driver without certain chips. And so if we end up with short uncertain pacemaker items, then we need to adjust. 
So we're working to be better planners on the demand side and on the supply side so that we can smooth that, and that should -- we should expect some benefits for that towards the middle or later part of next year. That's the majority of it. 
Secondarily, as we -- we won't kind of beat this 1 to death, but the container prices that we're working through will work through -- that inventory will work through in the first half of this year.

Well, I would note that even though those prices have come down off their high, they're larger -- they're higher than they were before. So on a relative basis, there still is -- there still are -- kind of the general market is an inflationary -- is an inflationary market. We believe, as I've said before, that the combination of our product vitality and our service levels allows us to earn a different place at the table maybe than we have had before with our collection of channels. And so the key to longer-term success will be our ability to continue to drive the product vitality so that we can deliver value to customers and make more margin for ourselves in the process. 
And then to be able to service business more consistently, and therefore, be lower cost to do business with than any of our customers. So another element of delivering value. And we feel like the more value we can deliver, the more of that we can share.

Yes. So I don't want to imply a level of precision that we didn't -- that we don't want to imply. So big picture, on the ABL side, we have taken share. We continue to -- we expect to continue taking share. So #1. #2 is, as Karen has indicated, we do have a fair amount of price that we are working through. And volume right now, unit volume is largely dependent on our ability to manufacture it. So those 2 things are highly consistent. But I would -- but our ABL sales expectations are that we will outperform the market, and that's resident in these assumptions.

Yes. It's -- as I said, it was related to specific pacemaker items in our drivers that then we use to manufacture the luminaires. So the -- as I indicated in the earlier answer, we do have line of sight to those components over time. It's just they didn't come when they were supposed to in June and July. So that was the hold up.

Yes. No, it's not yet quite half. So we are still both a large consumer of external drivers and obviously, a large OEM provider of external drivers now.

So as I said, we -- I guess the -- unfortunately, the simplest answer is things currently are more the same than they are different. So our -- our agents have -- are still successful bidding businesses. There is still a lot of project work that is in the work that they are doing. And we maintain -- currently maintain higher-than-normal backlog. So we don't -- as I said earlier in the call, we don't have a crystal ball for 6 -- 3, 6, 9, 12 months, 16, 18, whatever months out. But as of right now, things are more the same than they are different.

Yes. So big picture, Brian, what we're trying to do is provide an annual outlook about kind of where we think we're going to go strategically and what that will mean from a -- both a top line perspective and then ultimate productivity perspective. As I said, our organization is focused on how we create value, which is to grow net sales, turn it into cash and to outgrow the balance sheet as fast. And so that's what you'd see here -- everyone here focused on if you were kind of walking the halls.
So we wanted to provide the additional color within the year to -- just to highlight kind of what we're working through as we go through that. But we think, long term, as I said that our goal is to maintain and increase margins. And so we -- that's why we wanted to provide the transparency. 
I'm sure Karen and Charlotte can help you on the model construct. And there will also be additional information in the presentation, which will help with that as well.

Thank you, Liz, and thank you all for joining us this morning. We are pleased with our strong results in the fourth quarter and throughout 2022. And we're excited about how far we've come and our prospects for the future. While we expect 2023, as we've said through the questions and the construct of our expectations to be a dynamic environment, we're really confident about our ability to execute. We're well positioned in a variety of end markets. We're continuing to invest in product vitality and in service. And we developed, most importantly, a culture that supports change and is committed to improving. So thank you for your interest in our company, and we look forward to talking to you again real soon.