Thanks, Pete. Good morning, and Happy New Year. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Acuity Brands. As we transform our company, I am pleased with our performance in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. We had strong financial results and we made progress on our digital transformation. Our team was able to effectively serve our customers through our broad product portfolio and diverse paths to market. At the same time, our gross margins were in line with those in the fourth quarter even on lower sequential sales, and we continue to generate a significant amount of free cash flow.
I am pleased and grateful for the outstanding way our team has continued to manage through the pandemic. We remain diligent about protecting the health and well-being of our associates and ensuring the continuity of our operations.
Turning to first quarter highlights. We are committed to making the communities in which we operate better. We published our second annual EarthLIGHT report, highlighting the company's priorities, actions and metrics for environmental, social and governance matters. We continue to wisely deploy capital by repurchasing 2.6 million shares of the company's common stock for $255 million. We successfully reintroduced ourselves to the debt capital markets through the issuance of a $500 million 10-year bond with a coupon of 2.15%. Proceeds were used largely to repay our existing term loan.
We are making strong progress on the execution of our digital transformation. I'll provide more updates on that progress later in the call. Finally, we have added talent to the organization. As we build out our technology organization, we have added outstanding data science, product management and engineering talent.
As we further build our management team, Candace Steele Flippin joined Acuity in November as our Chief Communications Officer. Candace will work with me and our team to define and amplify our company's narrative among our stakeholders. I'm very pleased with the quality of people who are joining our team.
With that, I'll turn it over to Karen for more detail on the financials. Karen?

Thanks, Karen. Our company is a unique combination of domain expertise in the industries that we serve and in the technology that will change them. Our core lighting business is a durable performer in all markets, including the current market, and we are executing on the transformation of this business. We are in the process of making it better, smarter and faster to transform the service levels to our customers and the vitality of our product portfolio.
Distech and Atrius are attractive, valuable and strategically impactful technology assets that we believe we can build upon over time. We are demonstrating consistent cash generation, and we have the opportunity to use that cash to grow our current businesses and invest in new businesses while managing our capital structure, including share repurchases.
I'll now turn to our Q1 performance. As Karen mentioned, net sales of $791 million were 5% below the prior year. I'm particularly pleased with the performance in our retail sales channel, which was up 3% over last year's first quarter and in our independent sales network, which was down 3% as compared to the prior year. As I described last quarter, our broad portfolio enables us to flex where there is opportunity, which this quarter included strength in warehouse and logistics, education and residential verticals.
Throughout the pandemic, we have seen broad disparity of performance across geographies, and that continued in the first quarter. We also managed productivity and costs relative to price to maintain our gross margin at 42%.
Throughout the pandemic, we have maintained our investment in product development. We are introducing new lighting and controls products as well as improving and evolving parts of our product and solutions portfolio. We are increasing the impact of software in our product portfolio. In the first quarter, we had a major firmware release for our in-light air product. This release is called ABT, Autonomous Bridging Technology, and is designed to increase the overall range of the in-light air system in networked environments by 300%, making connectivity more reliable.
We have increased our focus on contractors and making their lives easier. We launched the Compact Pro High Bay fixture by Lithonia Lighting during the quarter. This is a new addition to our Contractor Select portfolio and is the most compact high bay on the market, making it easier and quicker to install. Contractors and distributors continue to respond favorably to our Contractor Select portfolio. This portfolio of products has enabled us to respond to discretionary opportunities in the independent sales network and to serve the needs of customers in the retail channel. Sales growth in these products continue to meaningfully outpace the market.
We expanded our capabilities to provide a broad portfolio of leading germicidal UV products. In addition to our relationships with Ushio, Puro and Violet Defense, we had an agreement to purchase and resell the UV Angel Clean Air disinfection system as well as pursue joint development of UV light disinfection products. We now have the ability to serve multiple end use alternatives and are in the market selling a variety of GUV products. We are uniquely positioned to support customers with our luminaire, controls and building management portfolio.
We continue to make progress on our digital transformation that we call Better, Smarter, Faster. I'm pleased with the team we are creating to deliver on our platform and how we are enabling more customer-centric sales and operations. For example, we are streamlining and enhancing our product catalog to make the process of finding, configuring and ordering products simpler and faster. We are also increasing our ability to communicate with and update our contractors, distributors and agencies with more detailed status notifications. We are offering them the ability to know in real time the status of their product orders. We will continue our work to increase these service levels.
We have successfully recruited talented data scientists to leverage our data and build products powered by machine learning algorithms. I'm excited about the progress we've made on our digital transformation to date and look forward to further enhancements for our customers.
Effectively allocating capital is an important part of how we will create value for our company. Our priorities remain to: first, grow our current businesses; second, grow our company through acquisitions; third, maintain our dividend; and fourth, create value through repurchasing shares. In the first quarter, we repurchased 2.6 million shares of stock for $255 million. Since we restarted our program during the fourth quarter, we have repurchased almost 8% of the company's stock.
We also successfully reintroduced ourselves to the debt capital markets during the fourth quarter. We issued a $500 million 10-year bond at 2.15%. We are pleased to lock in this capital for this duration at these rates. As you can see, in the first quarter, we continued to demonstrate our ability to generate cash and our ability to deploy that cash for long-term value creation.
As we look ahead, while we still see uncertainty in the end markets we serve, we are cautiously optimistic about improvement during calendar year 2021. We are using the breadth of our product portfolio and the strength of our go-to-market teams to deliver solid top line performance. At the same time, we are managing our costs well while continuing to invest in our business for the future so that we will become a larger, more dynamic company.
As we look to grow, we believe that both for business performance as well as for the understanding of our company, we should more clearly separate our lighting, Lighting Controls and components business and our intelligent buildings business. To that end, later this fiscal year, we plan to reorganize our business into 2 units: Acuity Brands Lighting and intelligent buildings. 
Acuity Brands Lighting will include our lighting, Lighting Controls and components businesses, and intelligent buildings will include Distech and Atrius. This new structure will better position Acuity to meet our customers' needs and strengthen our innovation through better prioritization and alignment within each unit. We also believe this change will provide improved visibility with respect to the operational performance and underlying results of these businesses.
Before I turn the call over to you for questions, I want to say that I continue to be pleased with our performance and our transformation. We are a company that delivers for our customers, our associates, our communities and our shareholders.
With that, I'll turn it over for questions, and we welcome Ricky Reece, our President, to join Karen and me for the question-and-answer period.

Thanks, Tim. Happy New Year.

Sure. I'll start, and then Ricky, why don't you add a little bit of commentary? So first, on the specification side on the independent sales network, I'd say that since I've joined the company, I've been impressed by the consistency of the performance through that channel. So the -- obviously, there was a pause at the beginning of the pandemic, and that pause will roll through the results over the course of the -- kind of the next quarter and such. But the consistent order performance and shipment performance of the agent network has been really, really impressive through this period.
At the same time, as I mentioned on my comments, we've been able to flex where the business has been. So whether that be through those channels by industry or through the retail sales network as we've -- as those sales obviously have increased. So that's the power of having this portfolio. And as we look forward, we believe that, that portfolio works for us in the same way. Ricky, would you like to add to that?

And then just one thing to add to that, Tim, on the -- as we think about kind of the performance we've had, if you look at -- if you look through, and this is a pretty good quarter to highlight this, the direct sales network, which is really industrial and Holophane, we obviously have a really strong product portfolio for whatever could happen on infrastructure investment over the course of the -- they have -- those projects have been a little bit stalled due to the pandemic, but we have the highest quality products to participate in that going forward.
And then finally, on the enterprise sales account, as Karen mentioned in her comments, those are largely big-box retailers that have not allowed access to their stores because they've been so busy through the pandemic. So that renovation cycle will obviously happen going forward. It's just not happening right now.

Yes. I'll start and then, Ricky, if you want to add to this. So obviously, and we indicated this, we've been working hard on productivity and the relationship between price/cost to maintain the gross margin over the course of the last 3 quarters or so. As we're looking forward, we're going to continue those efforts around productivity, obviously. And then we, as you pointed out, we also acknowledge that we're going to participate in the price increases. So our plan is to pretty aggressively manage that price/cost forward. And as we look -- I believe that we are probably best positioned to be able to do that.
Ricky, you want to highlight some of the reasons and where that's coming from?

Yes, I'll start, and Ricky, if you want to add anything to this. Chris, I think if you look at our -- as Ricky indicated on our last comment, if you look at our performance on price/cost over the course of the last 3 quarters and our performance on productivity, we've continued to deliver consistent gross margins through that period. That's been through ups and downs on commodity prices, ups and downs on volume, and that's our expectation going forward. So we're aggressively managing this obviously looking forward.
Ricky, you started to indicate the impact of some of those commodities and how we manage those. Do you want to repeat that or add to it?

So you really see that in our fourth quarter. And again, we will continue to manage price/mix and productivity.

So I'd just address that by saying if you look at kind of where -- so first of all, it's early. So it's -- none of these are effective yet, even the first ones that were announced. Ours is at the middle to arguably low end of the amounts that people are -- have identified, including smaller competitors that are largely agent-sourced. So this is a consistent -- this price/cost relationship is consistent across all the industry participants.
And remember, Chris, that we're a diversified developer and manufacturer, so we source both components and finished goods from Asia. So we're pretty balanced in our ability to respond to wherever best opportunity is both on a sourcing perspective as well as on a sales perspective.

Yes. That's exactly what we mean. So as we said kind of in the last quarter and we're focused this quarter, we wanted to maintain margins in the 41%, 42% range. So as you highlighted, Ricky went through some of the components, but you can do the math and identify that those are an interesting portion of our cost of goods sold, but they're not the majority of our cost of goods sold.
And I'll clarify that it's up to 8%, not 8% across the board. And we are, as you pointed out, into kind of the mid-range of the competitors. So it appears that everyone's pretty rational about this right now, and it's our intention to manage to margin.

Yes. Those are really good questions. We -- so obviously, we've been aggressive over the last period as there was what we believe to be unnecessary dislocation in the stock price. So we took advantage of that to repurchase at levels that average a little -- close to 80% of our current price. So we were pretty aggressive. Our expectation is that we will continue to use share repurchase as we go forward, maybe not to the magnitude that we did, unless there's another dislocation, then of course we will, but to opportunistically to create value for, we believe, create value for our shareholders.
On a leverage basis, as we reintroduced ourselves to the capital markets, obviously, that's -- we've been unambiguous about our desire to build a larger, more dynamic company and to use acquisitions to do that. And we view that balance as such. We were -- we talked a lot when we reintroduced ourselves to the capital markets about -- we wanted, a, for them to remember who we were; b, be familiar with the credit; and c, we talked to them about maintaining our investment grade. So that effectively puts a more -- unless we change our mind, puts a limit on the amount of leverage.
And so we'll use the -- we think it's -- we think our organic cash flow is a strategic asset. We believe that we can use that to, most importantly, grow our business. And then as we see opportunities like we did over the course of the last 5 or 6 months, we will -- we can be aggressive with our share repurchase to create value for the shareholders.

Yes, I'll take that and then if Karen or Ricky want to add anything to it. Obviously, Grace, it's important to recognize that our product portfolio allows us to serve different end use markets. So -- and we've been specific in each of the last quarters of where we've seen strike. So that was warehouse and logistics, this part, education, et cetera.
So as you look forward, there -- if there is infrastructure investment, we will obviously benefit through that. If there's continued industrial investment, we will benefit from that. If people decide that they need different office configurations as people start to return to work and there's renovation in offices, I haven't seen a renovation project that did not change the lights. So we will participate in those.
So what we're -- where we've positioned ourselves both from a product perspective, from an investment perspective, from a capacity perspective, is to be flexible to adapt to these industry segments as they start to open up. So we'll -- I don't pretend that we have a crystal ball, so I'm not sure exactly which one is going to come when. But we have -- so therefore, we put ourselves in a position to be flexible.
And we've got the right product portfolio for each of those different segments and the ability to respond as they respond. So that's what gives us -- that's what makes us cautiously optimistic that as those end user markets start to improve, which is inevitably they will, we're in a good position to realize our unfair share of that.

Yes. Obviously, we don't provide revenue guidance. And so you guys can interpret the -- where construction is and obviously as well as we can. So that could give us a good idea. I think the issue is not, and I think this is where everyone's minds are in this, the issue is not that things are -- whether or not things are going to come back. The issue is one of timing.
And I think I would use this opportunity to highlight something that we commented on in this call and we had commented on in the last call also, which is that our end performance has been pretty disparate across different geographic regions of the country. So in this quarter alone, our sales regions range from up 15% to down 13% in different regions. And that's driven largely by the impacts of the pandemic and the activity that does or does not happen in those areas as a result.
And so that's just a window into the inconsistency in the geographic market out there. So there isn't any problem with the broad -- the segments that we target. There's no problem with our product portfolio. There's no problem with our ability to serve it. So we're positioned for when some sort of normalcy returns, and those numbers should not be that wildly disparate in the future.

I don't think so, Chris. As we think about -- Ricky had mentioned earlier, the specification cycle that took a pause at the beginning of the pandemic needs to work its way through the -- needs to wait to work its way through construction numbers, ours included. So I think that any -- kind of any sequential improvement that would obscure that seasonality would probably be counterbalanced by that.

I'm smiling as I look at Ricky. We have this debate on a regular basis. And I will say that the people who run the business are at a certain level of growth and I'm at a different level of growth. So we are balancing that. I think that the -- we've seen a real and significant interest from large entities that recognize that they need to use this technology as a permanent part of their risk mitigation strategy going forward.
So I am increasingly confident that this is a long-term product portfolio opportunity, not a point-in-time product portfolio opportunity. None of us can quantify how much that is yet. So good news is it's a -- it appears to be a permanent or potentially permanent part of the product mix. And then less good news is it's hard to quantify exactly how much that's going to be. Ricky, is that accurately...

Karen?

Hopefully, there will be sales growth that will require some investment in working capital. So obviously, we've been a little bit of a beneficiary of that shrinking balance sheet. But as Karen highlighted in our comments, CapEx is largely stable at about 1.5%, and our days have improved. So we'll try and maintain that improved days performance.

Thank you. We appreciate you spending some time with us. We feel like we're delivering consistent and improving performance throughout this pandemic. We've demonstrated the ability to deliver at or better than the market and to maintain our margins and to turn that -- those revenues into cash.
And so as we mentioned in the call, we are confident in our product portfolio. We're confident in our ability to serve the market as it currently stands and hopefully, as it begins to rebound some point in the calendar year. So thank you for the interest you've shown in us, and we look forward to talking to you again this time next quarter.