Thank you, Charlotte, and happy new year to everyone joining us this morning to discuss Acuity Brands. I'm proud of our performance in the first quarter of fiscal 2022. Our team delivered sales growth of 17%, expanded our operating profit margin by 160 basis points and increased diluted EPS by 57% despite global supply chain challenges and unpredictable market conditions. Our performance demonstrates that by prioritizing customers, we are driving sales growth and turning that into operating income while continuing to invest in the long-term growth and transformation of the company. 
I want to start today's call by taking a deep dive on the current market conditions. As you are aware, this is a dynamic market with a fair share of paradoxes. Demand across our end markets remain strong. At the same time, the availability and cost of key inputs remain challenging. In short, it's the best of times and the most challenging of times. 
First, on demand. Business is strong both in ABL and in spaces. Within ABL, demand is strong across all of our channels to market, except retail, which we expect to improve this calendar year. In this dynamic pricing environment, we have been prudent and successful passing on price increases, while at the same time, providing as much consistency as we can to our customers so that they can plan and execute their projects effectively. At the same time, input costs and availability remain unpredictable, and we expect this to continue. Obviously, everyone is dealing with this. Our strategy for managing through this has been consistent: Prioritize satisfying customer demand and ensuring the health and well-being of our associates. 
So now let me spend a minute on what we mean by satisfying our customer demand. First, we have chosen to honor pricing on all of our placed orders. As I've said before, it is important to me that we are known in the industry for doing what we say. There is a gap in time between when we receive orders and when we fulfill them in normal times, and that is even greater now. Therefore, we believe that this position will serve us well in the long term with specific customers and with the industry. 
From there, we are also doing everything that we can to fulfill these orders as quickly as we can. While we don't disclose backlog, what I will say is that it is meaningfully higher than during normal periods. This is the result of higher demand, coupled with changing component availability and the general supply chain and transportation challenges. Again, these are not unique to Acuity. To combat these, we have prioritized 3 key activities. 
First, we have focused and invested in our strategic relationships with manufacturers and suppliers to procure as much of the available component supply as possible. We benefit from being the largest and most consistent in the industry. 
Second, we have empowered our teams to source components in the spot market, and we have prioritized speed and access over cost. This allows us to maintain higher levels of production at the expense of some higher cost. 
Third, our product, engineering and manufacturing teams have been continuously redesigning and reengineering existing products based on what components are available. To give you an idea of the magnitude of that effort, our Distech engineers spent over half their time in the last quarter dedicated to this type of redesign. Our ABL team made the same commitment in addition to changes and improvements in our manufacturing processes to ensure consistent production. 
These efforts also extend beyond our company into our broader ecosystem. We have been working with suppliers to help them find necessary components and make engineering changes in the products that they supply to us. 
The overall effort has been herculean, and our teams continue to remain flexible and to adapt to an ever-changing environment. The changes that we have implemented over the last 2 years have enhanced our ability to see across our business, work across our stakeholders and improve our service levels. 
So where are we on our transformation? One of the points that I stress to our team is that transformation is a process, not a destination. In challenging times, sometimes, the first reaction is to revert to what you know. In our case, we are using these times to redouble our transformation efforts. 
Let me start with the ABL business. Trevor and his team are focused on maintaining high product vitality, continuing to elevate industry service levels and continuing to use technology to differentiate us. During the first quarter, we launched several interesting products to drive our portfolio expansion, products like the STACK PACK and STACK Switch products. These are the next generation of center-element LED lay-in lights for commercial indoor spaces.  
The STACK has a lower profile and more efficient packaging that saves on transportation costs. It also has an adjustable lumen output that can be reconfigured at any time through the STACK Switch. This means that there is no time wasted on a job site if there need to be changes to the configuration.  
In controls, we introduced the CLAIRITY link. This is part of our nLight lighting controls platform that offers remote connectivity capability. The remote capabilities reduce the need for in-person visits, offering quick troubleshooting resolutions and a reduction in maintenance cost. This product fundamentally changes the way we service projects and is an important step forward for our customers.  
Now moving to the Intelligent Spaces Group. The mission of ISG is to use technology to solve problems in spaces in order to make them smarter, safer and greener. We do this in 2 ways. We collect data through hardware, for example the Distech controller; and then analyze and take action on the data through software applications powered by Atrius. 
Our ISG group had an eventful quarter. As I mentioned, even though the engineering team at Distech spend over half their time focused on redesigning Distech products for the available components, we continued to roll out several important products and product enhancements.  
The Distech ECLYPSE APEX was introduced in the first quarter and is the most advanced version of our controller for HVAC and building automation. The APEX introduced artificial intelligence to the edge and increases compute capacity in buildings, which helps customers manage energy usage more effectively.  
We also further expanded the availability of our Atrius Building Insights service by enabling it for additional languages and local privacy requirements. Atrius Building Insights is now available in the U.K., Ireland France, Germany, Spain and Norway.  
As I turn the call over to Karen, I want to take a step back. We are currently and expect to continue to be operating in unpredictable times. Input prices and availability can sometimes feel like a game of whack-a-mole, and we are dealing with Omicron, which materialized only a few months ago. As we face these challenges and new challenges we will maintain our focus on satisfying customer demand in ensuring the health and well-being of our associates. I remain optimistic about 2022 and our ability to effectively manage in this environment. We have a great team who are executing today while also remaining focused on the long-term growth and transformation of the company.  
I'll now turn the call over to Karen, who will take a deeper dive into our performance. And then I'll be back for the Q&A and for some closing remarks.

Karen, you want me take that? I'll jump in first. So John, yes, thanks for the question. Taking a step back, the plan, as we've said all along, has been to drive sales growth and then to turn that sales growth into operating margin. The first step of that was the product vitality efforts that we did. And now we're -- the second step of that is leveraging the fixed cost. 
So there's -- I'd say the answer to your question is both. There's obviously improvement because of the larger absolute dollars of sales and a smaller growth in the fixed operating expenses. And within that number, there are and there will continue to be parts of the transformation that provide additional leverage.

Yes. I'll start. Karen, fill in if I leave anything out. So first on the financial framework that we provided at the end of the last fiscal year, beginning of this fiscal year. It is our intention to not update that on a regular basis, but to rather provide that framework. And so obviously, you're familiar with that framework. 
As we look forward to the rest of the year from a sales perspective, obviously, we had a really strong performance this quarter. That was driven by a combination of factors. First, obviously, as I mentioned, the strong end market demand. So demand is strong and continues to be strong, which is leading to, as I indicated, building up a larger amount of lead time in our orders. So we're processing those orders as effectively as we can. That compares to last year, which is normally -- the first quarter, as you know, is a normally lower seasonal quarter, our fiscal first quarter, as well as the generally lower level of demand due to the pandemic at the time. So it's a combination of those factors.  
As we look forward for the rest of the year, we see sales continue -- we're continuing to process that demand. So as we said, that is our priority, is to satisfy that customer demand. That will mute some of the normal, but not all of the normal, impacts of seasonality so as we look forward. So the second quarter obviously has  Christmas and a couple of other things, so it won't be like the first quarter. And then we expect to return to normal levels at some point kind of later this year or early next year.

And then finally, on your question about Holophane and the industrial. Holophane had a good quarter. Candidly, not a great quarter yet. We see lots of opportunity in the future as those projects start to happen. But it's going to take a minute for them to get specced, to get designed and to get funded and to get started.

So on your first question, I've said this since I got here, it's frustrating that there isn't more clear information about market so that we could say in absolute terms it's where we are. As you see our performance and then you'll see our competitors' report, I think all indications are that we are taking share. 
And it's is on the basis of, I really think 2 key factors, which we've identified, which is product vitality, the investments we've made over time and making sure we have the right products; and then the supply chain, which is really about having the right products in the right place at the right price and at the right time. 
We, I believe, have performed better than most on that front, which kind of gets to your second question, which is, is the worst of this over? The short answer is we don't know. The -- it's -- we continue to be all surprised, as I indicated in my comments earlier. So no one saw Omicron coming. So we don't know if that will impact our labor and therefore our production capacity, for example, over the course of the next several months. But we're working through that. 
And what I want to highlight is that I believe the dexterity of our supply chain is what has allowed us to perform so well. And by dexterity, I mean we source from multiple places. We have -- on the one hand. But also our team. Our team has been incredibly adaptable. They're reinventing how they source products. They're reinventing how they schedule production. They're reinventing the flow-through through our factory and distribution systems. So we continue to dynamically change these things to make us better. 
So we're positioning ourselves, Ryan, for uncertainty in the supply chain so that we can continue to perform whether it gets worse or it gets better. And my expectation is that it's going to be this way for a little while longer.

Karen?

Yes. No, Ryan, I'd just say, strategically, we've been able to get price whenever we've asked for it. And we've made -- as I said in my comments earlier, a -- what I think is an important strategic decision, which is that we're going to honor the prices on orders placed. And that provides a consistency to the end markets who are trying to execute projects. 
And as Karen mentioned, there's a time lag between when we lock in the pricing on those orders and what the component input costs end up being. But as you can see from the results, it's driving top line and we're turning it into operating profit margin.

Well, so thanks for the question, Jeff. And let me be -- let me give you my view of this philosophically, which is that the reason we use the term framework is because that's what we mean for it to be, which is the framework for how we're thinking about the year. I think it's more important that we provide you how we are thinking about it so that we then collectively can evaluate how we're doing going forward. So that's why we use the term framework as opposed to guidance, and that's why we want to keep it in place.  
I also will tie you back to what we said at the time, which is that we expected this year to be a higher growth year than our normal expectation for framework. So if you go back to our Investor Day when we gave you kind of the general perspective of our 2 segments. 
And that's philosophically how we want to think about it. We want to have an intelligent and qualitative conversation with you about the outlook and then try and deliver the best results that we can.

Yes. Thanks, Chris. Great. I appreciate the question and the opportunity to talk about this some more. So before I get into the spaces group, let me spend a second on ABL, which is that North American lighting is different for a number of reasons, between European or Asian lighting, different standards, different electricity, a number -- and different industry structure. So it makes a lot of sense for us to -- in our lighting business to continue to focus on North America and try and continue to take share as we've done. 
Now switching to the spaces group. When you think about both Distech and the controller and the technology there, it has broader applicability outside of just North America. So the technology there is already present in Europe. We're very strong in France, for example, with Distech. So we see a broader international opportunity for the Distech portion of spaces outside the U.S. as well.  
And let me spend a second. I talked about Atrius Building Insights earlier. As we're consolidating Atrius and making it the software applications which analyze and then over time provide the ability to take action on data. 
What that means in this case, Atrius Building Insights allows any facility to understand exactly what their energy costs were, what drove those energy costs and provides them the ability to see that in a consistent way. And so what we've done is now localize that for the European markets that I introduced, which gives us a pathway to continue that European expansion of both Distech and Atrius combined with Distech for the solutions that we envision in the future.

That's correct.

I'll take that one. So first of all, no one likes higher prices. We don't like them, our customers don't like them. But everyone recognizes that this is a time where all costs are changing, and therefore, prices are -- there's a general expectation that prices are going to go up. So our end markets are, as I mentioned earlier, are taking all of the price increases that we are putting forward. 
Part of the -- but let me spend a second on the strategy of price, which is -- and a couple of important components to that. The first is that we're trying to be prudent and strategic about our pricing because we believe that, at the end of the day, it will come back to we need to have the right product, which is product vitality; in the right place, which is effective service levels; at the right price. And so we're -- part of the investment we're making in honoring our -- the prices of our orders is the investment in that relationship with our customers and the end markets so that they can see that, they can expect and plan their projects accordingly. 
So are input price is going to change and will that potentially have an impact on prices over time? Of course, they will. And they could go in either direction. But our strategy is to have the right product in the right place at the right price. And we are demonstrating that, that strategy is driving growth, which we think is in excess of the market, and we're leveraging our cost to expand margins at the same time.

No, nothing to add.

So Chris, let me reiterate what I've said multiple times so far on this call. First, our framework is a framework that we provided at the beginning of the year, and we don't intend to update on a regular basis. Second, we're doing everything we can to deliver the highest possible results that are consistent with our investment and long-term growth and transformation of the company. Third, we've grown sales growth, and we've turned that into operating profit margin. So we've demonstrated that we are both taking share, we are getting price and we're effectively managing the supply chain to deliver on that operating profit and sales growth.

Yes. Thanks for the question, Joe, and I appreciate you picking up coverage. As we're -- the tree top view is that we continue to see really strong demand, as we said, and we've been really dynamic in the management of supply chain based on availability and access to the necessary inputs to manufacture each of the products. And so it was our expectation and when we laid out the framework and we talked to you last, that this was going to be a dynamic environment. We've been kind of continuing to talk about that. That prices are changing on a regular basis, and therefore, probably our prices are going to change as well. So we're not surprised by, obviously, the fact that prices have increased. 
And maybe we can provide some anecdotes to give an indication of kind of what we're talking about. So when you think about kind of the inputs, obviously, we're talking about chips, we're talking about steel, we're talking about aluminum, we're talking about resin. And we're talking about things like transportation. 
And one of the kind of interesting examples is that our normal transportation time from -- for the components and the finished goods that we source in Asia, is normally around, say, 20 days of time on the water. That's approaching almost 60 days at this point. So that has an impact on -- that timing has an impact on cost, obviously. That timing has an impact on inventory. That timing has an impact on a number of things. And that's just one anecdote and one example of how we're combating this. 
So the answer to your question is yes, we expect prices to -- we expect costs to change over the course of the year, and we expect prices to continue to change over the course of the year.

Yes, thanks for that. As we said, we built a -- we have built a robust product line now for GUV on the expectation that people will buy it consistently. We've seen some traction with larger individual accounts that recognize the value of kind of the investment. But I would not say, as I said, to kind of several quarters ago, we don't view this as a game-changer for us. But it's a -- but rather as an adaptation to a market environment. 
We'll see. I think the -- with every additional variant, it becomes more clear that we're going to have to collectively make longer-term investments in keeping spaces safer. And we've got the best portfolio of GUV products to do that. So to the extent the market comes our way, I think we're well positioned. But the market isn't as large as I think some had hoped it would be.

Tim, are you talking about on a year-on-year basis or a sequential basis?

So let me address the -- obviously, we had a blowout margin -- gross margin quarter and last year. And we've talked extensively about kind of what's changed between then and now and why. So as we look at the -- sequentially from fiscal first quarter to second, first quarter and address the seasonality. 
So obviously, in the second quarter, we have Christmas, we have New Years. We have a lot of impacts which makes top line lower in the second quarter than the first quarter, which naturally will depress gross margin on a sequential basis because of the leveraging of the fixed cost in our supply chain. So that's the kind of the general outline. And as we've said, we're -- as I've said and Karen reiterated, now we're really trying to work through -- we're prioritizing this customer demand. And I gave a framework for how we're doing that, which will ultimately lead to what kind of gross margin is.

Yes. I mean, I think the -- I think we're going to be anecdotal as opposed to kind of philosophical, I think, at this point, Tim, because I think the market has changed so fast that people are responding to where it is right now. 
I will say on the kind of the opportunity for this to be a longer-term phenomenon as it relates to us, specifically, the product vitality, the quality of product, the breadth of product and the impact of that product in the marketplace is a game-changer. I emphasized the Compact Pro High Bay in the past, which is a game-changer from a value and impact perspective. The STACK that I referenced today is changing how the end market can interact with our product, which changes the general value chain for the market because it costs less to install, it has more flexibility. 
So those things are permanent increases which are permanent value changes. And so we're accessing other areas of value that we can deliver, and we're participating in that. So if, for example, you use a lot less labor to install, then there's a lot less pressure on the value of the luminaire or the control solution. So that's -- kind of strategically, that's why we pushed the product quality. 
We've also pushed it on the products, as I said, around the right product in the right place at the right price so that we can be consistent and deliver on those high service levels. I also think that will continue. 
So I think the -- will the general inflationary environment continue broadly? I think that's up for debate. And as I've said in the past, CEOs are generally terrible economists. So I wouldn't believe what I had to say about that anyway. But I do think that the changes that we're making specific to us are positioning us well for both this period and the periods that follow.

Thank you. Before we break, I wanted to thank all of you for joining us and again reiterate a Happy New Year. I want to bear attention to the publication of our 2021 EarthLIGHT report We've made substantial progress on our ESG strategy in 2021. And I'm really pleased to say these efforts are being recognized. In December, the Carbon Disclosure Project vastly improved our rating over prior periods. It's a testament to the team for prioritizing and driving our ESG initiatives. 
We're really pleased with where we are. We're really pleased with where we're going, and we appreciate you investing both your time and your capital in Acuity Brands. So thanks for your interest, and we look forward to talking to you again in about 3 months.