Thank you, Charlotte, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss Acuity Brands. I'm pleased with our company's performance in the second quarter of fiscal 2021. We have delivered solid results while continuing to make progress on our strategy. We've improved the way in which we serve our customers, expanded margins and allocated capital effectively.
As you know, the pandemic has created real challenges over the past several quarters and we have yet to return to a steady state. The slowdown last year had a global impact on supply chains and logistics, and we continue to feel the impact of this in the economy and in our operations, yet we have continued to have consistent and strong performance during this time.
As we look forward, we are facing some new and existing challenges. As demand begins to rebound, global logistics, for example, continues to encounter issues. New challenges include the global chip shortages and the rising cost of some components. To be clear, these are good problems to have. We are managing these challenges aggressively, and our entire team will work tirelessly to deliver the best possible outcomes for our customers and continued high-quality results.
So moving on to the second quarter highlights. Our team delivered great results this quarter. Sales were down 5.8%. However, we saw gross profit margin of 43.4% expand 170 basis points and reported operating profit margin expand 180 basis points against the prior year. The expansion was largely a result of product and productivity improvements throughout the business, and we are very happy with the results. Karen will speak in more detail about this later in the call.
As we highlighted in our earnings release, we continue to allocate capital effectively and as of February 28, 2021, had repurchased nearly 10% of our shares outstanding since last May. Finally, in a message to our associates earlier this month, we announced that we were carbon-neutral in our operations. I will talk more around this later in the call, but I'm delighted that we were able to announce this milestone as quickly as we did.
I now want to update you on our ongoing transformation. I have been at Acuity Brands for a little over 12 months, and what I continue to see every day is a team that is striving for success, that is not shy about changing and that believes in Acuity and where we are going. It is no secret that I came to Acuity because I saw the opportunity for our company to be more than a lighting business. Our core lighting and Lighting Controls business was and is way more durable than the market gives it credit for, as evidenced by our performance over the past several quarters. And we will continue to transform our business and the broader industry. We have the best go-to-market network in the industry and the broadest product lines that serve a wide variety of end markets.
We continue to improve the effectiveness of our products and the efficiency of our supply chain through the implementation of new technologies. We have a valuable and growing business in Distech; and in Atrius, we have the potential to build a very valuable technology business. Finally, we have the ability to grow through acquisitions, both in our current businesses as well as in new ones.
In our lighting and Lighting Controls business, we announced an exciting evolution in the leadership of that business. Trevor Palmer has taken over as president. Most recently, Trevor was leading our Controls business. He joined the company through the Distech acquisition nearly 5 years ago, and he exemplifies the talent that already exists within our organization. Trevor brings 27 years of industry experience to the role. I'm excited for what Trevor and his team will do with this business going forward.
During the quarter, we continued to invest in product development. We have introduced new lighting and controls products and improved and evolved parts of our product and solutions portfolio. In our Contractor Select portfolio, we saw significant demand for the Compact Pro High Bay, a versatile high bay that has been in demand as a result of the increase in warehouse renovations, driven by the shift to online retail and the expansion of logistics networks across North America. The CPHB is a breakthrough product that was designed to deliver improved performance in a smaller size to ensure ease in installation. The product uses fewer inputs, is more efficient to transport and is both globally sourced and manufactured in our facilities to ensure supply chain flexibility.
Within our GUV category, we introduced EvolAIR with UV technology -- with UV Angel technology, excuse me. This product uses onboard 254-nanometer technology and circulation above the fixture to locally disinfect air in occupied and unoccupied spaces. We have installed this product in multiple Acuity locations and have specifications being developed with this product in education, office and health care applications. It is worth pointing out that our Controls capabilities are a key differentiator for successful GUV lighting solutions.
Our Hall of Fame products continued to win bids in infrastructure projects. We were awarded the order for the relighting of the Big Dig project in Massachusetts that will begin in the second half of our fiscal year. Part of the scope of this mandate was to replace existing low-cost fixtures that had been installed several years ago and were not performing as expected. Hall of Fame is known for its quality and durability, and I am pleased we are the partner of choice to make the necessary improvements.
Throughout the pandemic, we have continued to invest in product vitality. We have maintained the pace and quality of product rollouts this year, which positions us well for the market recovery. I continue to be impressed by the agility of our team.
Transitioning to go-to-market. We are committed to our independent sales network. This quarter, we announced a realignment in the northeast that will benefit our customers in the region and nationwide. We are creating a new agency through the consolidation of what were formerly the Acuity-owned agency in New York, the New Jersey territory and the independent agency in Philadelphia. This transaction demonstrates our commitment to the independent sales network, which we believe to be the strongest in the industry. By creating this new agency, we are better positioned to participate in designs and specifications that start in New York and travel around the country. We are also better positioned to serve contractors who work in New York, New Jersey and Philadelphia.
We continue to make progress with Distech and Atrius. Distech is uniquely positioned in the building management space, built on open protocols and distributed through a network of independent systems integrators. It has continued to grow throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. We're also making progress around the product road map for Atrius. We are recruiting best-in-class talent to drive the capabilities in that business.
In early January, Sandeep Modhvadia joined the business as Vice President of Product Development. Sandeep comes to us from Google Cloud, where he was responsible for the product development team building vertical solutions for the manufacturing, industrial, automotive, power and transportation industries. We will continue to add talent to Atrius and make progress building unique and valuable technology solutions.
Now I would like to take a few minutes to highlight our progress on the ESG front. ESG is directly aligned with our values and our business strategy. We care about the environment, our people and our communities. Our company has been built on products, technologies and services that deliver sustainability and energy efficiency. Over the last year, we have focused on our own operations. Our recent accomplishment of achieving carbon neutrality across scope 1 and 2 emissions in our operations is the result of this work and demonstrates our commitment to continually improving our communities.
We achieved carbon neutrality as a result of reducing environmental impacts in our facilities and through investing in carbon off-site projects. Some of the energy-efficient improvements made in our facilities can be highlighted by our Crawfordsville, Indiana facility, where we optimized air compressors, installed more efficient belts and added switches to reduce energy consumption. And by our Conyers, Georgia and Des Plaines, Illinois facilities, where we installed our new I-BEAM IBG and Hall of Fame Phuzion high bay lights and used our Atrius Building OS technology to conserve energy and improve the quality of light in the space. And in our facility in Newark, Ohio, in which we rebuilt the glass furnace to improve overall efficiency and which has now completely converted to renewable electricity, a win for the environment and the cost savings.
Our priority is a reduction of energy usage in our facilities and for our customers. Until we were able to realize the full impact of our energy efficiency improvements, we are supplementing with an offset program that is focused on helping the communities where we operate. We are investing in a series of carbon offset projects in Mexico, Indiana and California, all communities where we have a presence. These projects support energy efficiency and renewable energy options at colleges and universities, landfills and agricultural sites. These programs allow us to remove carbon from the atmosphere and balance our carbon footprint from operations.
While the focus of our recent accomplishment has been environmental, we are giving equal prominence to the S and the G parts of ESG. Simply stated, we want to be the place where the best people come to do their best work. To do this, we are continuing to focus on improving the lives of our associates by strengthening our culture and removing the barriers to success. Acuity is proud to be an inclusive company where we all succeed together. Finally, we have addressed several issues of governance over the last year by, among other things, diversifying and restructuring our Board of Directors and overhauling our total rewards program, including improving our long-term incentive plans.
Moving on to capital allocation. As I previously mentioned, we have now repurchased nearly 10% of our outstanding shares since May 2020. Effectively allocating capital is an important part of how we will create value for our company. To reiterate, our capital allocation priorities are clear: first, to grow our current businesses; second, to grow our company through acquisitions; third, to maintain our dividend; and fourth, to create value through share repurchases. We were able to capitalize on the dislocation in our share price and have been very effective repurchasing shares over the last year. As we look forward, and barring another significant market dislocation, we do not anticipate maintaining this rate of share repurchases. We will return to our priority of using capital to grow the business.
As we look ahead, we see improvements in the end markets we serve, and we are cautiously optimistic about the outlook for the remainder of fiscal year '21. We intend to use the breadth of our product portfolio and the strength of our go-to-market teams to deliver a solid top line performance. While there will be global challenges ramping back up, we are aggressively addressing them. We will continue to invest in our business with the intention of becoming a larger, more dynamic company.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Karen and be back for Q&A and for some closing remarks. Karen?

Yes, John, thanks for the question. And obviously, Karen was pretty deliberate about pointing out, the team is focused on the relationship between price and cost. So we are extremely pleased with the benefits that we've seen from the improvements in our products and productivity. And obviously, that will continue as we go forward. So you saw the benefit of that in the second quarter and that will continue on into the third quarter.
An example of that is the Compact Pro High Bay work that I mentioned, which uses less material, delivers a higher-quality customer experience and output. So that's what we mean when we say there are multiple levers. So that product is not going to require more steel in the third or fourth quarter, for example. So we'll continue to see that.
As it relates to price, we are -- our focus right now is on the successful implementation of the price increase we already announced. So as we look forward, we think that relationship and pricing cost, as Karen indicated, on an annualized basis, gets us comfortable over the 42% gross margin, which it's worth noting is significantly higher on a consistent basis than the company has been in the past.
So we like where we are going into this process. But as we both mentioned, this is -- the ramp-up is going to have its challenges. There are going to -- we are -- the entire industry is going to be working through the supply chain challenges and costs. And we feel really good about our team, but it's going to be -- this is hard work and the team is up for it.

Well, I mean, of course, we're going to use, John, every advantage we have in the marketplace to deliver the highest customer experience and that is our priority. So as it relates to service levels, yes, we have consistently, throughout the pandemic when there were other challenges, been able to smooth those challenges to the benefit of our customers. And we believe that, that has accrued to increase market share for us. And we'll continue to do that going forward.
And it's worth just spending 1 second on the balance in our supply chain. So we have -- as you know, we have about 20% imported from Asian finished goods, about 60% manufactured in our facilities in Mexico and the remaining 20% manufactured in our facilities in the U.S. and a little bit in Canada. So that gives us more dexterity often than many of our competitors, and we're definitely using that to our advantage.

Yes, Ryan. So let's kind of frame this first. First, with Distech, and I mentioned this in my comments, we have an attractive asset that's uniquely positioned in the market. It's -- from a technology perspective, it's built on open protocols. And from a distribution perspective, it's distributed with independent systems integrators. That gives Distech the opportunity to really have -- present building owners with the opportunity to adapt to a number of different scenarios going forward.
With Atrius, we've pivoted the focus then to really be about the applications largely in the cloud, which deliver real business value to around buildings, around people and around independent use cases, which are different than really we can see anybody in the marketplace doing right now. For a long time, IoT has been a solution in search of a problem, in my opinion. And what we're really focused on are what are these applications that can deliver demonstrable value for our customers? So we're in the course of building that out.
And so over time, what you will see with this group is you'll see a high-quality product business in Distech and a high-quality technology application solutions business with Atrius, which should deliver continuous recurring revenue and growth. But as I said, Atrius is still an option at this point. We're obviously recruiting very impressive talent to take this where we are pivoting it to go. But it's still early. So that will -- so -- but when you summarize that, Distech will continue to grow, and you'll see that more later in the year as we provide more transparency. And Atrius, we believe, can grow to be a meaningful recurring revenue business.

Chris, it's just worth noting that we consistently have the highest gross margin in the industry, so this positions us well competitively as we look forward. So as we've been saying for really every quarter since I've gotten here, we are working on these products and productivity improvements to make this company more predictable and reliable.
Number one -- and this goes back to the earlier question about the supply chain, number one, to our customers and in the marketplace. We want the entire marketplace to know that they can rely on Acuity Brands to solve their needs. And in so doing, we've been able to increase the quality and the margin profile of our products and how we make them and deliver them, which is delivering these productivity improvements.
So as we said, there's -- the ramp back up is going to be bumpy for the entire industry, frankly, for the entire economy. So we don't want to get out in front of ourselves, which is why we've done so much hard work to position ourselves for where we're going to be for the remainder of the year.

Yes. Karen addressed this in her comments. But as we said in the last call, it's helpful to see the disaggregated revenue in our lighting explanation, and the C&I independent sales network has been incredibly consistent at a level through the pandemic. Obviously, that's starting to increase. And Chris, that's a combination of a number of different verticals and products, and as Karen mentioned, some inconsistency around regions across the country. So we think that return will be a little bit bumpy as a result of that, but there's no question that there's demand.
As we look to external kind of indicators which are kind of spot on, we've talked about this in the past, it really is around total construction. And as you look forward and think about kind of where we're going to be over the next several years, I just want to emphasize a really simple yet pretty obvious point, which is that you can't build anything or renovate anything without lights. So whether it's a highway, a building, a warehouse, a school, a hospital, an office, et cetera, a home, nothing -- you can't build anything or change anything without lights. So we feel like we have a place to play in the economy over the foreseeable future.

Yes, Jeff, that's a really good question. So the global chip shortage goes all the way back to the fabs, so this is a problem which spans everyone. That impacts largely our controls business so we're working our way through that. Obviously, we're the largest supplier in the lighting business so we can use that to our advantage, but we're small when you compare us to, say, the auto industry, for example. So there's -- so we're -- we will do the best we can, and I'm confident our team is working incredibly hard to -- and they will do better than most.
As you think about kind of other challenges, there are kind of discrete -- there are some discrete items which are maybe unique to some of our products, but there isn't -- there won't be a systemic kind of impact to everything that we do. So yes, it will -- it may create some bumpiness in our shipments over the course of the next several quarters. But we are -- as I said earlier, we're doing the best we can and we've demonstrated -- we're working really hard at, we've demonstrated through the pandemic that we'll be better than most. And our team is primarily focused on how can we be as consistent and predictable as possible to our customers and end users so that over time, we continue to drive preference to Acuity.

Yes, Jeff, it's a really good question. So it's worth a little bit of background here. The New York market was a bit of an odd duck in our go-to-market strategy in that it was an owned agency. The only other place we have that is in Toronto and everywhere else, we rely on independent sales agents. The -- so we saw 2 things that happened as a result of that. First, we were constrained in the New York City market on our ability to serve projects where designers and specifiers may want, I don't know why they would, but may want a product that wasn't made by Acuity. So the logic of these independent sales agents is that they can curate a collection of products that allows us to have a higher success ratio when it comes to bid day, and we can win more projects and, as a result, grow market share. So we were pretty hamstrung in the New York market.
At the same time, we saw that we needed to provide some consistency to contractors that did business across New York, New Jersey and Philadelphia. So the -- that effectively, from their perspective, is a single market, and it was ineffective for them to be doing business with multiple of our different agencies. So we see the consolidation of these agencies as a way for us to better serve the New York design and specification community, which we hope will carry specifications across the country, number one; and then number two, better serve and more consistently serve these contractors that are working in New York, New Jersey and Philadelphia.
So we feel really good about this. It doesn't necessarily portend similar changes across the country because we don't own any agencies in other markets. But we've been underperforming in the largest market in North America as a result of this owned agency. So it was pretty important for us to get this sorted out.
And then finally, I do want to emphasize that this is demonstrating our commitment to this independent sales network, which we believe to be the strongest in the industry. We'll continue to work with the independent sales network to improve their performance. And we will continue to drive for better outcomes for both them and for us in other markets across the country.

Yes. Thanks for the question. And your observations are spot on and are a large part of the reason why I'm here in the first place. So if we kind of do a check-in, we talked about the durability of our lighting and Lighting Controls business and the opportunity to transform that business. I feel really good about where we are going there.
We talked about the opportunity and the option to build a technology business with Atrius. And as I indicated earlier, it's still early stages but we're assembling a rock star team there that we believe can make a real difference, which gives us the opportunity then to focus on how can we -- the company is in a position to process, and how can we focus on how to continue to grow the company through acquisitions.
That will flow into 2 big camps. The first would be bolt-on acquisitions to our existing businesses. So we have a healthy pipeline now of opportunities that are relatively small, but we -- which we feel like we can do in the foreseeable future around our existing businesses. And then we'll start to turn our attention, and it's very early and we don't have a lot to share on this, on what other areas we would invest in post that.
But our objective, as I said earlier, was to be a technology company that solves problems and spaces in light, and we see the opportunity to expand to additional areas over time. And so I would expect kind of bolt-ons for the -- in the immediate future and then we'll start to focus on larger things after that.

Yes. That's a great question. So let me start at the border. And obviously, there's -- we move a lot of product from Mexico to the U.S. We actually -- we haven't seen challenges as a result of some of the stuff that you're referencing in the news. We did see them in the -- when the storms went through that region and Texas shut off natural gas to Mexico, which cost us a couple of days of production in Mexico, which I personally didn't see that one coming.
But the -- as we think about the maquiladoras, they're obviously incredibly important to the economic infrastructure of really all of Mexico. And so our leadership team in Monterrey is highly visible and highly relevant to the industry group of the maquiladoras. We meet regularly with the key members of the government there to ensure that there is continuity. And we have been, for example, really helpful on the -- throughout the pandemic on health and safety issues. We've developed them in our facility, shared them with the other maquiladoras, share them back with the health and labor secretaries as we progress there.
So I would say that we work very hard at making that area of the world as stable as possible for -- so that we can continue. And we feel pretty good about where that stands right now.

Yes, Tim. So a lot has changed. So we've been able to optimize our productivity around specific facilities. So we've consolidated 1 facility. We've changed the flow through several of our facilities. On the manufacturing side, we -- transparently, as a result of COVID, we were forced to rethink many, many things. And so we re-architected the cell structure to keep people distanced and we were able to process the frankly, the same amount of output, as you've seen, with a smaller base. And the -- kind of never missed the opportunity presented in a crisis to improve our operations.
And then on the distribution side, through -- we've increased the throughput of our distribution facilities so we can process more through. On our Asian finished goods, we've changed how we distribute those. So in addition to -- we've spread the distribution out throughout the country so that we're delivering materials from Asia to the East Coast as well as to the West Coast. So it's a series of -- it's a cumulative series of things.
And as I say a lot about transformation around here, Tim, is oftentimes, we think that there are really things but -- the really large things but the cumulative impact of small things can be really meaningful and differentiated. And I would say that this both product and productivity improvement point to the accumulation of a number of small things, which have been really impactful.

Yes. No, Tim, I just want to add in to Karen's point there. And we want to prioritize our reinvestment going forward because, and I want to make sure we put a marker out there, that we are going to reinvest going forward. And we're going to prioritize a lot of that reinvestment around things which we consider investments as opposed to expenses, predominantly around the software development and other changes that we want to make as part of the transformation. So we will be adding back some expenses going forward, but we believe those are investments as opposed to spent dollars.

Yes, Brian. Well, we've addressed this in the past, and so let me just spend a second on generally what enterprise accounts are. Obviously, the largest accounts we have there are retail accounts. They are -- and we've had a lot of success with some of the most important retailers in North America. The results have been -- we've said consistently that those results will be inconsistent based on the need for those customers to manage access to their buildings. And you've seen that throughout the pandemic.
So a lot of the drop-off you've seen, and if you look at it on a sequential basis, it's literally a drop-off. It's not a declining curve, is the result of the reality that throughout the pandemic, their priority was only having their associates and their customers in their facilities. But as you know, these entities can't go on forever without renovation. So retailers are generally on a 7- to 10-year-ish kind of renovation schedule. So this will come back. And we're -- and we will participate in it when it does. We're, I think, the best positioned in the industry for that segment.
The second part of that question that we've said or I've said consistently since I got here is that what's interesting about the luminaire and lighting is that it's a capital-efficient way to introduce technology to spaces. By that, it's the incremental cost of the technology is relatively low, and the real cost is around the installation of that technology and the changes necessary in that process. So when you're renovating, it's a very efficient time to introduce new technology into spaces, which we have done and we will continue to do going forward.
And then -- so you will see the manifestation of that, to your question, as we think about the lines of business through sales of Atrius-enabled luminaires, Lighting Control products through -- and products through the ABL channel. As we start to develop applications which drive business value, you will see those applications show up in Atrius and see those in our spaces, in the conversation about our spaces group.
So the synopsis of that is that lighting and luminaires and the renovation opportunities around them provide a capital-efficient way to introduce new technology to spaces will benefit from that by having the highest quality technology. And then second, we will use that technology to power as a part of the powering of applications, which deliver real business value to our customers through Atrius.

Yes. Unfortunately, we haven't had the time to dig through it. Obviously, if that were to happen, it would be a benefit for the economy. And as I mentioned earlier, it's impossible to build anything without lights. So whether it's a highway or school or a VA hospital as the tree-tops view I saw earlier this morning, all of those things will need lights. And so we'll continue to use this as an opportunity to drive our product and productivity improvements so that we're best positioned for whatever that ends up being.

Yes. Thanks, Jeff. We are now officially in the market with those, as I mentioned earlier, around the 254-nanometer and lights -- luminaires, which are interesting, and I didn't explain them perfectly but they include the 254-nanometer technology. They circulate air above the fixture to -- so that they work in a situation where people are present or not present, which is unique for the 254-nanometer technology.
That's now in the marketplace. We've obviously, as I mentioned, we're eating our own cooking so we've installed that throughout our supply chain facilities, and it's having a positive impact. So we expect kind of revenues in the third and fourth quarter from that going forward. And then we'll layer in the rest of the products that you've heard us mention before.

Thank you, Liz. We're pleased with our results in the second quarter. Our team is hard at work at dealing with the challenges that we've been discussing of ramping up, and our focus will remain on serving the needs of our customers and on delivering quality results. So I'd like to thank you all for joining us today. As we've said, we will be providing deeper insight into our lines of business later this year, and we intend to host an Investor Day. So please sign up at the investor website and be in touch with Charlotte, and we'll -- for updates and we'll announce that date soon.
So with that, thank you for your time and thank you for your interest in Acuity Brands, and we hope you have a great rest of your day. Thanks.