Good morning. Thanks for calling in today. First, I'll start off with the usual quick overview of our strategy, a few comments about the quarter and discussion of our outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2022. Then Jorge and Mike will give additional color on the quarter.
To reiterate, we are unique in the industry in both the consistency of our strategy in good times and bad as well as our steady focus on intrinsic shareholder value creation through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize, here are some of the reasons why we believe this.
About 90% of our net sales are generated by unique proprietary products. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which generally have significantly higher margins and over any extended period have typically provided relative stability in the downturns. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. Specifically, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. We utilize a simple, well-proven, value-based operating methodology. We have a decentralized organizational structure and unique compensation system closely aligned with shareholders. We acquire businesses that fit this strategy and where we see a clear path to PE-like returns.
Our capital structure and allocations are a key part of our value creation methodology. Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with liquidity of a public market. To do this, we stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital.
As you saw from our earnings release, we had another good quarter considering the market environment. We remain encouraged by the positive trends in air traffic and the recovery we continue to see in the commercial aerospace market.
Our Q3 results show positive growth in comparison to the same period in 2021 as we are lapping the third fiscal quarter of '21, which was heavily impacted by the pandemic. Although our results have improved over the prior year quarter, they continue to be unfavorably affected in comparison to pre-pandemic levels as the demand for air travel remains depressed. However, we are happy to see the continued steady improvement in global air traffic. Domestic air traffic remains the leader in the air traffic recovery, and international air traffic improved these past few months as more passengers return to long-haul travel.
With softened or fully lifted travel restrictions in majority of countries and the summer travel season upon us, passenger travel demand has been strong. China domestic air traffic remains low but is making progress from its most recent sharp drop-off due to strict zero-COVID policies limiting travel. International traffic in China is finally starting to improve off of COVID lows.
In our business, we saw another quarter of robust growth in our commercial aftermarket revenues and bookings. I am very pleased that despite the challenging commercial environment, our EBITDA as defined margin was 49.8% in the quarter. Contributing to the strong margin is the continued recovery in our commercial aftermarket revenues as well as the careful management of our cost structure and focus on our operating strategy.
Additionally, we had good operating cash flow generation in Q3 of over $300 million and closed the quarter with a little over $3.8 billion of cash. We expect to continue generating additional cash in our final quarter of fiscal 2022.
Next, an update on our busy quarter for capital allocation activities. I am happy to report that during Q3, we opportunistically deployed $245 million of capital via open-market repurchases of our common stock. This equates to approximately 444,000 of our shares at an average price of $554 per share. Although the price remained attractive, we were limited this quarter on the quantum we could purchase after the completion of the DART acquisition. These repurchases are in addition to the approximately 1 million shares we repurchased in our Q2 for a total of over $900 million deployed this year on share repurchases. We view these repurchases like any other capital investment and expect this will meet or exceed our long-term objectives.
Also with respect to capital allocation and as we mentioned in our press release, we've decided to pay a special dividend of $18.50 per share. The dividend will be paid on August 26. Mike will address this and our buybacks more later.
As for acquisitions during the quarter, we completed the DART Aerospace acquisition for approximately $360 million in cash. DART is a leading provider of highly engineered unique helicopter solutions that mainly service civilian aircraft and fits well with our proprietary and aftermarket-focused value-generation strategy. Although we are not providing formal revenue guidance, we expect the DART acquisition to contribute approximately $30 million to our FY '22 revenue.
Regarding the current M&A pipeline, we are actively looking for M&A opportunities that fit our model. Acquisition opportunities continue, and we have a decent pipeline of possibilities, as usual, mostly in the small and midsize range. Although I cannot predict or comment on possible closings, we remain confident that there is a long runway for acquisitions that fit our portfolio.
In aggregate, we have allocated about $2.4 billion of capital this year for value-generating activities. Pro forma for the special dividend payout in late August, we still expect to have a sizable cash balance of close to $3 billion. These capital allocation actions will still leave us with significant liquidity and financial flexibility to meet any likely range of capital requirements or other opportunities in the readily foreseeable future.
Now moving to our outlook for the remainder of 2022. Consistent with our commentary on the last earnings call, at this time, we expect to reinitiate guidance on the November 2022 earnings call for our new fiscal year, assuming prevailing conditions continue to evolve. We remain encouraged by the recovery we have seen in our commercial OEM and aftermarket revenues and the strong bookings received for both thus far in fiscal 2022. We continue to expect COVID-19 to have an adverse impact on our financial results compared to pre-pandemic levels in our final quarter of fiscal 2022 under the assumption that both our commercial OEM and aftermarket customer demand will remain depressed due to lower worldwide air travel, although recent positive trends in commercial air traffic could impact us favorably.
As for the defense market, we're revising our defense revenue growth to flat for fiscal 2022 versus prior year. We have lowered our defense revenue expectations for fiscal 2022 primarily due to shipment delays as a result of limited supply chain shortages and delays in U.S. government defense spending outlays. As you know, bookings and shipments in this end market can often be quite lumpy. Jorge will provide more color on this topic in his section.
We expect full year fiscal 2022 EBITDA margin to now surpass 48% due to the rate of commercial aftermarket recovery. As a final note, this margin guidance includes the unfavorable headwind of our Cobham acquisition and DART acquisition of about 0.5% this year.
We believe we are well positioned for the last quarter of our fiscal 2022. As usual, we'll closely watch how the aerospace and capital markets develop, and we'll react accordingly. Mike will provide details on other fiscal 2022 financial assumptions and updates.
Let me conclude by stating that I'm pleased with the company's performance in this period of recovery for the commercial aerospace industry. We remain focused on executing our operating strategy and managing our cost structure.
Now let me hand it over to Jorge to review our recent performance and a few other items.

Yes. I think you're -- that's directionally accurate. I don't really have a prediction. It depends on flight activity. We continue to follow that closely and think that takeoffs and landings are the best indicator for aftermarket activity.

I'll let Jorge handle that. I don't think there were any onetime items though.

I think we're going to -- we're benefiting tremendously from the mix right now. We have an aftermarket that is expanding. And right now, OEM is well behind where we would expect it to be or where it was. So there's going to be a mix blend that has to come back. So we'll have to see how the OEMs come up the curve in terms of their build rates. Right now, as Jorge alluded to, we're still seeing limitations in OEM build rate request for product, even though the order book is building.

Q1 as always...

Yes. Q1 is always a poor quarter, generally speaking, for us. End of year, OEMs focused on inventory and the like. It's always one of our weakest quarters is Q1.

Yes. I suspect this is the biggest question. As we pay a dividend, sometimes people will then reflect that the pipeline may not be full. We believe we have enough cash and access to cash as we look forward that we can handle the acquisition pipeline that we see coming at us. I always comment on this that it's difficult to predict when things will close. I know the team is very busy. We're looking at a lot of businesses.
The unfortunate piece is sometimes in our very disciplined acquisition approach, things fall out. And we're not interested in taking flyers on not great companies. So we take our time. We're very disciplined and structured in our approach.

I think we always focus on productivity in this business. We have historically focused on it. It's reasonable to expect that with years of productivity under our belt since the OEMs were shipping at high volume that we'd be able to do some things better than we could before. But this is always part of our ongoing productivity ramp as we try to overcome the, as you realize, dramatic inflationary pressures that we're seeing really across the board. Whether it's labor or materials, there's a lot of inflation pressure on the business. We have a model that allows us and helps us pass along those inflationary pressures, but productivity is something that we're always laser-focused on. And I believe we will be in a slightly better position, but it is hard to quantify that, and you have to offset that against the inflationary pressures that we're seeing.

Well, it's different by region. You can't really pick on any. I think, Jorge, what are you seeing in California and some of the regions for direct labor?

Yes. We can still make things work. I think some of the prices have come under pressure recently as there's been some corrections. But I think we can still make it work our LBO model that we run through. Our goal is -- we're not focused on certain products. As long as it sits in the aerospace world, is proprietary and has aftermarket, we will find a way to drive the returns we look for, and those are the types of businesses we continue to stay very disciplined in our approach to find.

There's a little bit of impact. Let me -- before you move on, there's a little bit of impact to both. In our minds, the -- we're not a bellwether of the defense industry. We follow what everyone else sees. And we're seeing a larger slowdown in defense outlays and a slowdown in the defense industry. That's -- we just react to what we see. It's not necessarily a bookings problem. It's when are things due and when do they want product.

I don't think it's a major driver because we find ways to work around it. But -- so I'm not necessarily seeing it as a drag on our business. I see it as a drag on the defense industry as a whole, and that's slowing down. So it's hard for me to put a quantum on that.

I think there's room for them to take rates up as their order book seems to support it. This is a special time for the business jet world market. It is very busy. So we're seeing it both on OEM and aftermarket that this is a much busier time for business jet market. Jorge, anything else to add on that?

And we -- yes, we don't care if it's narrow-body or wide-body. We are profitable with both segments.

Well, we're still active in M&A. It's certainly something that we're cognizant of. And I tend not to speculate on things that haven't impacted us or provide that kind of color. It is something that we're cognizant of. We're watching it closely. And that's probably all I can say on it. It hasn't derailed our activity.

Yes. Go ahead, Mike.

Yes. Guidance comes on when we review next call, as Mike said. But let's keep in mind that there is a favorable mix environment that we're experiencing right now. And until OEM shipments come back, you'll see some balancing higher margins that will come back the other way when OEMs ship more. We just have to know that that's going to happen.

Yes. We're nicely exposed to international defense as well. I think, yes, some of this business you might expect would come our way at some point, but it's difficult to predict or understand. I think we all have to recognize that some of this production will happen locally in -- or within the European Union possibly. We do have production there, so we will be part of it. But we should all keep that in mind that some of this may be domestic consumption as well as international orders.
But we would expect that this is a favorable environment for TransDigm as we look forward. The degree of favorability, well, we'll have to see. I think there's also concern whether some of this additional spending maybe loses steam if social issues overcome the military desires right now. Again, we'll have to see how this all unpacks in the future.

Yes.

I'll comment on CapEx. I think there's always opportunity for internal investment in our businesses, and we're constantly looking for those. We are looking at some select -- additional investment in some of our businesses. But again, these things all pay back. We have the same payback standards as before. So maybe there'll be some selectively, but I don't see any major trend of additional spending.

I think one area that we are doing some selective investment is solar at some of our facilities help with our greenhouse gas footprint. So we are looking for investments of that nature as well. And that's something that we are spending a little more money on as those opportunities now have a reasonable payback across our businesses.