Thanks, Nick. Today, I will review our results by key market and discuss the profitability of the business for the quarter, provide revised fiscal year guidance, briefly update our org structure and finally give an update on the integration of Esterline. 
As you have seen, we had a strong quarter and a first half of the year, including above-average organic growth. Mike will provide more details on the financials, but our second quarter operations, specifically revenue and EBITDA As Defined, were up nicely over last quarter. Q2 GAAP revenues were up 28% versus prior year Q2, and EBITDA As Defined was up 24% over the prior year with margins at 48% of revenue.
Now we will review our revenues by market category. For the remainder of the call, I'll provide color commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period of 2018. That is assuming we owned the same mix of businesses in both periods. Please note that this market analysis excludes Esterline. We will begin to include the Esterline acquisition in our market analysis once we have validated the data, as we have a different market segmentation process. In the commercial market, which makes up close to 70% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket.
In our commercial OEM market, Q2 revenues increased approximately 10% when compared with Q2 of fiscal year 2018. Due to our year-to-date revenue growth of 11% and continued booking strength, we are increasing our commercial OEM full year revenue guidance to mid-single digits growth from our previous guidance of low to mid-single-digit growth. Please note, this increased OEM guidance includes our expected impact from 737 MAX groundings and shipping delays. We have done an analysis on the potential impact and conclude the MAX issues should not have a material impact on our financials this year and may possibly provide upside to our commercial aftermarket in the future.
A nice segue to our commercial aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenues grew by just over 6% in the quarter and year-to-date. Continued global revenue passenger mile growth and slower retirements of older aircraft continue to provide a backdrop of improved market dynamics. In the quarter, commercial transport passenger growth of 9% was offset by a slowdown in the commercial transport freight submarket. Bookings, coupled with our year-to-date revenue performance versus tough comps in the prior year and strong underlying fundamentals, provide us confidence in the second half of the fiscal year. We are increasing our commercial aftermarket guidance to grow high single digits from our previous guidance of mid- to high single-digit growth.
Now let me speak about our defense market, which is just over 30% of our total revenue. The defense market, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, was up approximately 18% over the prior year quarter. Last year, we reported strong defense bookings that we are now seeing materialize into sales. However, we are expecting defense sales growth to temper in the second half of our fiscal year following this exceptional -- exceptionally high first half revenue growth and gradually slowing bookings.
Due to the higher-than-expected year-to-date sales growth, we are increasing our defense full year revenue guidance to grow high single digits from our previous guidance of mid- to high single-digit growth. 
Moving to profitability. I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA As Defined. EBITDA As Defined of about $572 million for Q2 was up 24% versus prior Q2, and this includes about $27 million for Esterline contribution for the 17 days of ownership in the quarter. EBITDA As Defined margin in the quarter was just under 48% of revenues. This includes over 3.5 margin points of acquisition dilution from Esterline and the fiscal year '18 acquisitions of Kirkhill, Extant and Skandia. This core margin of 51.5%, excluding Esterline and other fiscal year '18 acquisitions, improved approximately 2 points in the quarter over Q2 '18. Margin improvement progress is always important to us and indicates that our base businesses continue to find opportunities to drive improvement within our value drivers. We continue our relentless pursuit of value generation.
Turning now to 2019 guidance. We are increasing our sales and EBITDA guidance to reflect the strong first half results of our base business and to incorporate Esterline for about 6.5 months of ownership for the balance of the fiscal year. The midpoint of our fiscal year 2019 revenue guidance is now $5.44 billion, an increase of $1.25 billion. This revenue guidance is based on the revised market channel growth rate assumptions we just discussed for TransDigm's base business plus the inclusion of Esterline revenue, which reflects 6.5 months of ownership. The midpoint of fiscal year 2019 EBITDA As Defined guidance is now $2.35 billion, an increase of $255 million with an expected margin of around 43%. About 20% of this increase is related to performance at our base business with the remainder attributed to Esterline. Excluding Esterline, the full year margin is expected to be around 50%.
We are slightly increasing the midpoint of our adjusted EPS guidance by $0.05 to $16.81 per share. Mike will discuss in more detail shortly. 
Now before I speak about the Esterline acquisition integration, I wanted to briefly update you on our organization structure. Jorge Valladares, who has been with TransDigm for over 20 years, has been promoted to TransDigm Chief Operating Officer and is now responsible for all operations of the base TransDigm business. Jorge most recently served as our COO of our Power and Control segment. 
Now moving on to Esterline integration and expectations. The Esterline integration has been progressing to plan over the first 55 days of TransDigm ownership. To date, we have seen no material differences to opportunity identified in our acquisition model.
As you know, we have an experienced team of TransDigm executives, both EVPs and group controllers, engaged full time in this integration. They have been carved out so they have little or no day-to-day TransDigm responsibilities. The former corporate office in Bellevue, Washington is being closed. This should complete by calendar year-end. We are phasing the workforce reductions in Bellevue to minimize disruptions and risk. In general, the platform organization structure has been eliminated and aligned with our TransDigm model. Each of the former Esterline operating units have been assigned to a TransDigm EVP, and we have TransDigm group controllers assigned to these operating units to provide financial reporting support. We are now going through the process of reviewing the operating units and determining where value-generation opportunities may exist. Again, no surprises have been seen in these early days. 
Culturally, we continue to press the concept of thinking and acting like an owner with the president and senior staff of the operating units. This supports the execution of our value-generation concepts. So far, so good for the integration. 
Although we did include Esterline in our fiscal year '19 guidance, we are not providing guidance beyond this fiscal year at this time due to uncertainty around what businesses we may keep or sell. As Nick mentioned, we are exploring the sale of certain assets that do not fit our strategic focus, but guidance for fiscal year '19 assumes no asset sales. In summary, we are excited to have acquired Esterline and look forward to reporting our integration process to you in the future. We are also enthusiastic about the second half of our fiscal year as underlying fundamentals remain strong.
With that, I will now turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman.

Yes. That's right.

I think not any different than other acquisitions. It always takes time for the contracts to play out before you can address any pricing or cost-reduction initiatives. It does take time. And that's what we're trying to communicate here.

We have not slowed down.

Yes. We saw strong order growth in both the OEM and aftermarket in -- last year. And I think that's coming out now in our shipments. We are just seeing the orderbook slowdown in both OEM and defense. Maybe it's inventory timing. We don't know of any programs or any other slowdown. So we would normally say inventory adjustments in the supply chain for that. But the slowdown is in both OEM and aftermarket as we look at that going forward from an orderbook point of view.

We are not seeing that we have noticed any adjustments in buying activity or patterns because of high fuel or not. We haven't seen any pattern change.

Absolutely. The reports on the NG are that they've definitely ramped up usage.

I don't have any comment on the organic growth part of the guidance. I think the orderbook looks strong. It looks as good as TransDigm does right now as a base. So we're seeing strong bookings growth on the Esterline side as well.

Because they used a different methodology to calculate aftermarket, and those differences are important to us to understand. We're going through that process right now.

I think, guys, until we start reporting their metrics the same way that we do ours at TransDigm, we don't want to get crossed up on this until we get it right.

That's right.

Well, I think we -- the bulk of aftermarket business is book-and-ship. There is some of it that gets booked out in advance, but the majority of it is book-and-ship even within the quarter. So -- and we gave revised guidance on the market segments that we raised to the high single digits for the commercial aftermarket. So that's what we see coming out. We have the confidence that the order book is in place for the second half. And possibly some of that will translate into next year, but we'll give guidance on next year when we're ready on that. It'll take a little bit of time to pull that together, especially with the complexity of Esterline. We want to make sure that we have a good handle on the data here as we're looking at it for the first time on some of the market segmentation pieces, trying to understand where it's going. Does that answer your question? Directionally at least?

The buying patterns are always perplexing. They go up and down quarter-to-quarter. We must have seen some destocking as we're seeing orders pick up again, larger than what you might have anticipated. So there must have been some out there. But I do not get reports -- regular reports on airline stocking. I do see stocking levels at distribution. That is not up. That's somewhat flat. POS is up about 16% across the ranch for the TransDigm base company. So it would appear that there's been some destocking out there that we're seeing addressed in the booking levels for the aftermarket. That's about the extent of the intelligence I can provide on it.

Yes. We have called out large parachute orders, missile orders. Yes, you're right. I looked for those, and I could not find any onetime, large orders on the defense side. In fact, some were -- yes, they just weren't there. So it was nicely spread across the business. Not a lot of big onetimes for a certain program.

I think both seem reasonably strong on the commercial OE side. So both are seeing decent sales bookings in both business jet and commercial transport.

I don't have that. I can give you that. I think it's indicative of the industry as a whole. I didn't call out anything on business jet as it's kind of small. But I think we've seen strength in the large platforms on business jet, really, across the board. Somewhat surprising, I guess given the dynamics of the industry takeoff and landing cycles. So remain cautious on business jet and the platforms, but the orders are coming in.

I think we're being conservative. I think a little bit conservative there. Mike is nodding his head at me. I don't know what else to say beyond that. We raised the segment pieces. The order book is strong. The second half will come in. Mike, do you have anything else to add?

That's right, the defense, I -- we have commented, Liza's correct. We have commented that we're expecting the defense business to moderate slightly so that'll have an impact, subtle. But so that's where we came up with the margin mix for the second half.

Those tend to be lengthy processes.

Yes. We did a little bit. Still, I would say, in general, the interior side is just doing okay. It's just not a glowing bright light for us, but it's doing okay. In the quarter, our transport, commercial transport submarket was -- did well. I think I said 9%. Interiors, okay. Freight was the low one, though. That's what brought the composite down to 6% for the whole. And that was somewhat anticipated. We've seen the slowdown in the freight market for a little while. So it was somewhat anticipated that we would start to see things back off there.

I think we -- in the quarter, we have seen bookings in the defense come down in the second quarter. And we're slightly better than flat year-over-year now. So bookings have definitely come down from where they were, which was high teens in the first quarter. Now we're just up a little bit. Not flat, up a little bit. But the orderbook has definitely cooled off on the defense side.

I think given the order book slowdown, I would think that, that would be difficult to think that that's going to continue to grow at that pace into next year. It might, but I haven't formulated next year's guidance thoughts yet. But we still have some time to see how the rest of the year comes in. 
The defense bookings tend to be longer term than other business segments that we have. We've talked about that in the past that bookings can take a very long time to come out. We saw that over the last couple of years, that our bookings took longer than folks anticipated to come out. But as I look forward, I think carrying high single-digit percentage growth in defense probably will be difficult going forward. But that's, I think, a standard observation for the defense business. It tends to go through cycles.

I gave 3.5%, right?

Yes. We gave EBITDA.

Which we'll file today, right?

No. We're going to roll it into the segmentation that we have, power and control, airframe and nonaerospace.

It was up and the bookings were up.

We don't give that. We don't give that clarity.