Thanks, Nick. Today, I'll first provide my regular review of results by key market and profitability of the business for the quarter. I'll also comment on fiscal 2021 outlook and some COVID-19-related topics.
Our Q1 fiscal 2021 was another challenging quarter, considering the continued slowdown across the commercial aerospace industry in a difficult global economy. In Q1, we continued to see a significant unfavorable impact on the business from the pandemic as demand for travel has remained depressed. Despite these headwinds, I am pleased that we were able to achieve a Q1 EBITDA as defined margin approaching 43%, which was a sequential improvement from our Q4 EBITDA as defined margin.
Now we will review our revenues by market category. For the remainder of the call, I will provide color commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2020. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods.  
In the commercial market, which typically makes up close to 65% of our revenue, we split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. Our total commercial OEM market revenue declined approximately 40% in Q1 when compared with Q1 of the prior year period. The pandemic has caused a significant negative impact on the commercial OEM market. We are under the assumption that demand for our commercial OEM products will continue to be reduced throughout fiscal 2021 due to reductions in OEM production rates and airlines deferring or canceling new aircraft orders. Longer term, the impact of COVID-19 is fluid and continues to evolve, but we anticipate negative impacts on our commercial OEM end market for some certain -- uncertain period of time.  
On a positive note, Q1 demonstrated significant sequential bookings improvement compared to Q4, which is likely an indicator of OEM destocking slowing. Additionally, it is encouraging that the MAX has been recertified in multiple countries and added back to route schedules, although the near-term impact to our business will likely be minimal given the low build rates.  
Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenues declined by approximately 49% in Q1 when compared with Q1 of the prior year period. In the quarter, the decline in the commercial transport aftermarket was primarily driven by decreased demand in the passenger and interior submarkets. There was also a decline in the commercial transport freight market but at a less impactful rate.  
On a positive note, the total commercial aftermarket revenues increased sequentially by approximately 5% when comparing the current quarter to Q4 fiscal 2020. This increase was driven by the commercial transport aftermarket. Our quarterly commercial aftermarket bookings were down in line with observed flight traffic declines resulting from decrease in air travel demand and uncertainty surrounding COVID. However, Q1 also demonstrated significant sequential bookings improvement compared to Q4, and the bookings in Q1 modestly outpaced sales. This is likely the result of destocking slowing at the airlines.  
To touch on a few key points of consideration. Global revenue passenger miles are still at unprecedented lows, though off the bottom as a result of the pandemic. IATA's most recent forecast expects the final reported revenue passenger miles for calendar year 2020 to be 66% below 2019 and that calendar year 2021 average traffic levels will be about 50% of pre-COVID crisis levels.  
Cargo demand was weaker prior to COVID-19 crisis as FTKs have declined from an all-time high in 2017. However, a loss of passenger belly cargo due to flight restrictions and reduced passenger demand has helped cargo operations to be impacted to a lesser extent by COVID-19 than commercial travel. Business jet utilization data was -- point to stagnant growth before the current disruption. Now during the pandemic and in the aftermath, the outlook for business jets remains unpredictable as business jet flights were rebounding but due to personal and leisure travel as opposed to business travel. However, now we face the typical slower winter season, and the sustainability of this trend is especially difficult to foresee.  
Although the longer-term impacts of the pandemic are hard to predict, we continue to believe the commercial aftermarket will recover as long as air traffic continues to improve. The recent approval and rollout of several vaccines will greatly aid in this recovery. We believe there is a global pent-up demand for travel. And in due time, passengers across the globe will return, and flight activity will increase. Historically, personal travel has accounted for the largest percentage of revenue passenger miles, and forecasts still seem to indicate a pickup in personal travel in the back half of this calendar year, followed later by business travel. We are hopeful this will be the case. For now, the timing of the recovery is uncertain. And in the meantime, we will continue to make the necessary business decisions and remain focused on our value drivers.  
Now let me speak about our defense market, which traditionally are at or below 35% of our total revenue. The defense market, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, grew by approximately 1% in Q1 when compared with the prior year period. Defense bookings declined slightly in the quarter driven primarily by a modest decline in defense aftermarket bookings. As we have said many times, defense sales and bookings can be lumpy. We continue to expect our defense business to expand throughout the year due to the strength of our current order book.  
Moving to profitability. I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance, or EBITDA as defined. EBITDA as defined of about $474 million for Q1 was down 30% versus prior Q1. EBITDA as defined margin in the quarter was just under 43%. I am pleased that amid a disrupted commercial aerospace industry and in spite of the mix impact of low commercial aftermarket sales, we were able to expand our EBITDA as defined margin by approximately 40 basis points sequentially. This result was made possible by our cost-mitigation efforts and a consistent focus on our operating strategy.  
Now moving to our outlook for 2021. As Nick previously mentioned, we are not in a position to issue formal fiscal 2021 sales, EBITDA as defined and net income guidance at this time. We will look to reinstitute guidance when there is less uncertainty and we have a clearer picture of the future. We, like most aero suppliers, remain hopeful that we will realize a more meaningful return of activity towards the second half of the calendar year.  This will be driven by increased vaccination availability and an initial recovery in personal and vacation travel. For now, we are encouraged by the recovery in commercial OEM and aftermarket bookings in the first quarter.  
As for the defense market, and as we said on the Q4 earnings call, we expect defense revenue growth in the low single-digit to mid-single-digit percent range for fiscal 2021 versus prior year. Additionally, given the continued uncertainty in the commercial market channels and consistent with our commentary on the Q4 earnings call, we are not providing an expected dollar range for EBITDA as defined for the 2021 fiscal year. We assume a steady increase in commercial aftermarket revenue going forward and expect full year fiscal 2021 EBITDA margin roughly in the area of 44%, which could be higher or lower based on the rate of commercial aftermarket recovery.  This includes Cobham Aero Connectivity, which should have limited dilutive effects to our EBITDA margin.  
Barring any other substantial disruptions of the commercial aerospace industry recovery, we anticipate EBITDA margins will continue to move up throughout the year, with this fiscal Q1 being the lowest. Mike will provide details on other fiscal 2021 financial assumptions and updates.  
Additionally, I would like to touch on our environmental, social and governance initiatives or ESG initiative. 2020 was a year of progress for our ESG program, though we are still in the beginning of our ESG journey. Ongoing conversations with our stakeholders have been an integral part of building and evolving our ESG efforts. As a leader in the aerospace industry, we recognize we need to extend our industry leadership to ESG initiatives as well. These initiatives are a priority, and we are dedicated to continuous improvement as we move forward on our ESG journey. More information regarding our ESG initiatives can be found within our recently published 2020 Stakeholder Report that is posted on the TransDigm homepage.  
Let me conclude by stating that although Q1 of fiscal 2021 continued to be significantly impacted by the pandemic's disruption of the commercial aerospace industry, I am pleased with the company's performance in this challenging time and with our commitment to drive value for our stakeholders. There is still much uncertainty about the commercial aerospace market, but we have a strong tenured management team that is always ready to act quickly and as necessary. The team is focused on controlling what we can control while also monitoring the ongoing developments in the commercial aerospace industry and ensuring that we are ready to respond to demand as it comes back.  
I am confident that as a result of our swift cost-mitigation efforts and focus on our operating strategy, the company will emerge more strongly from the ongoing weakness in our primary commercial end markets. We look forward to the remainder of 2021 and expect that our consistent strategy will continue to provide the value you have come to expect from us.  
With that, I would now like to turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman.

It was like 76%, and the OEM was up 88%. So a significant uptick. And like I said, book-to-bill slightly ahead, modest over-shipments. So we did a -- we had a nice quarter on the commercial aftermarket side. And I think that's encouraging, as is the OEM side, to see such a snapback in bookings.

Yes. It's about half, right?

It's about half of what it is. As I said in my comments, our Q1 bookings were in line with the fall and flight activity. So we essentially were underbooking, and now we kind of caught up.

That's right.

Sure. On the interior side, I think what we are seeing is just, as you said, in general, a slowdown. That's the last place people are looking to do work. Although recently, we've seen a nice uptick in activity. But it still is the lowest-performing sector of the aftermarket business. 
On disti sales, I have not seen nor have I heard of any difference in ordering or any difference in behavior by the customer base.

No. Not that far. It's just slightly worse than the rest of our business. It's not off so dramatically.

Yes.

10% to 15%, we've said. All of the submarkets of 10% to 15%, except the cargo. And the freight has performed the best of any of the aftermarket segment. It's still down, but it's much closer to neutral performance.

Yes. I don't know if the 5% is going to continue and when that will translate to sales. Remember, we can put bookings in 18 to 24 months into the future. So this can be over a period of time. It's certainly a positive trend. Exactly how it translates to revenue, we'll have to see.

Yes. I don't -- I haven't looked at it in that way. What we've said and what we will continue to communicate is that we're expecting things to be somewhat flat, up a little in the first half and some modest improvement in the second half linked to vaccinations and travel activity. That's all that we've communicated and said on it. And I think that hangs with what we're saying, a small increase in the second half. But that remains to be seen if that happens. 
We are hopeful that we see a pickup in personal travel towards the -- and many people forecast a substantial pickup. But yes, we have -- we just -- we're just reticent to forecast that now because, frankly, it's been delayed a little from what we would have hoped for.

Yes. The only green shoots I have are the bookings activity -- sequential bookings activity that we've commented on. That's the only green shoots I can comment on that I've seen.

No. That's not something yet we can see.

Yes, that's right, if we get some recovery. We have to follow people flying. As Nick and I both said and as I've read all of your analyst reports as well, this all depends on whether people are flying. And that's still unknown.

We don't really, except for the small amount of our commercial aftermarket. Now it's 20-ish percent that is -- goes through distribution partners. I can't see what's in the rest of the inventory levels of the rest of the aftermarket. 
Clearly, there was a an uptick, and that means either there was destocking slowed or consumption increased. And probably a little bit of both is true. It's hard to think that the consumption could be up as much as the bookings.

No chance.

Well, I think we're probably in line with build rates. We're probably conservative to build rates in the way we look at the business. So I feel good. We're looking at significant uptick in orders from Q4 to Q1 in commercial OEM. That's encouraging.

Yes. In the defense, every time I think I understand what's going to happen, I'm surprised. It's very lumpy. It's hard to predict. There are many influencers in what gets spent on the defense side. So I don't know. I know we have a strong order book as we go forward, and we know that defense orders and shipments can be lumpy.

Yes. Yes, of low to mid-single digits, yes.

It's predominantly a defense business, as we've said before in the press release. We did not disclose an exact percentage for it, but it's predominantly defense with some select commercial applications as well for those products.

Significant for defense. About close to 60% of the revenue goes international.

Yes. I don't think we want to comment too much on -- yes, we're in the early days of owning it.

Sorting through and getting more familiar with the business. So hard to make any statement about ways you'll be able to price it yet.

It was nicely across the board. There really weren't any large onetime items in there.

No. No.

So on Esterline, the first part of the question, again, repeat that?

So on cost takeouts, I think we've made progress, obviously, on cost takeouts. Our cost takeout continues. As we've communicated in prior quarters, some of our reductions and then COVID reductions have come out in time. But I think that business has more than lived up to the model and expectations than we had going in. 
I think that headcount reductions and those kinds of cost-management activities might be somewhat reduced or over for Esterline, and now, it's continuous improvement activities that will drive productivity as we go forward. I think we initially communicated that Esterline may struggle to get to TransDigm margins right out of the chute, and that may be in the longer fullness of time, it would get closer. We still believe that, and it still has been a fantastic acquisition for the company.

Nothing significantly more. We continue to manage costs, and we continue to look at this as we go forward. And there will be some continued cost takeout because of timing with unions and European  businesses. As we're all aware, it takes -- you still get them done, but it takes a little bit longer. So there is still some gradual takeout. But I think as Nick said earlier, we're looking at level costs with some uptick in activity in the second half.

About behind us.

So uptick in interiors, I may have miscommunicated that. We did not see an uptick in interiors. Interiors is our lowest-performing parts of the commercial aftermarket. Trying to give you a little color, it seemed like things were -- in some of our interiors businesses, we're starting to do a little bit better, but it still is the worst performer, I guess, of our commercial aftermarket submarkets. 
What are we looking at new and unusual for the future? We've talked about some of these in the past. But materials, antiviral materials are important for flooring, seat surrounds and the like. We also have a host of touch-free options for bathrooms and overhead bins as well as antiviral webbing for our seat belt. So there's some real interest and activity. We'll see if any of it's booked into orders. But yes, there's more activity in interiors and from regions of the world that we usually don't see activity from that now are focusing on improving their interiors. But this will be a long march for the interior side as it is the most discretionary of our business.

No. It's just an observation. If we want to see growth in business jet usage, takeoff and landings, I think business travel is going to have to eventually get involved. I don't think the world can afford to just do leisure travel and drive the same level of activity. So it's just that eventually, we're going to have to see business travel take off.

Well, I think the scenario you just predicted of from Army to Air Force and Navy and space, those are all good for us. As we move to more technology, more drones, more remote observation monitoring, that's all good for us. We are heavily engaged in those platforms, and our products are really focused on the technology side of the aerospace world.

And I guess I should say we do -- there are some contractual items with Boeing that we have to have certain delivery performance, now that I'm thinking about it. But it's not a huge limitation or assignment across the business.

Yes. That's right.

I guess I don't know is the answer. We will always dig in on the cost side. That may be the case. I'd have to think about it some more.

Yes.

So we've said in the past, and it continues to hold today, that we're market-weighted. So there isn't a lot of wide-body activity. We're market-weighted in our activity levels. So it's clear, wide-body is slower. 
I do not have granularity of orders to be able to say, are we seeing more wide-body work or not? It's true, to get back to prior to COVID levels, we will need a strong international performance. That is an important part of RPMs and activity on the wide-body side. But I've been very encouraged by the rate of activity that we have today on what is really just a narrow-body market today. And we've performed very well in that. So again, it gives me the reassurance that we are market-weighted, and that is the way you should look at wide-body versus narrow-body. It's a smaller portion of the business, of the larger aerospace business.

I think it's possible, but I certainly don't know. And I hate speculating on the future on that. We'll have to see the way the mix comes in.