Good morning, and thanks, everyone, for calling in. Today, I'll start off with a brief overview of our recent organizational announcement and comments on our consistent strategy, a quick summary of second quarter fiscal year 2018 and a quick overview of the new acquisitions. Kevin will then review the performance -- company performance for the quarter and the year, and Jim will run through the financials. 
As you may have seen, we recently announced an organization change. Kevin Stein has been elected by the Board of Directors to be our new CEO, with responsibilities for all operational and financial matters. All our operating execs as well as the CFO will report to Kevin. I have become Executive Chairman, and I will continue my duties with respect to overall corporate strategy, capital allocation, M&A, investor interaction, board management and similar matters. As part of this transition, I extended my employment contract by 5 years or through 2024. Kevin's contract was also amended and now runs through 2024. 
We have been working on this transition for almost 4 years now. Kevin has done an excellent job learning our culture and processes. He has also contributed substantially to the significant value created over that time. He clearly understands and embraces our long-term value-generating strategy. He's a good choice, and I'm confident he will do a fine job. 
Now to reiterate. We believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and its ability to create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the cycle. To summarize why we believe this, about 90% of our sales are generated by proprietary products, and over 3/4 of our sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole-source provider. Over half our revenues and a much higher percent of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket revenues historically produce higher gross margins and have provided relative stability in downturns. Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we have to stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful management of our balance sheet. 
We follow a consistent, long-term strategy. One, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Two, we have a simple, well-proven, value-based operating methodology based on our 3 value drivers. Third, we maintain a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system that closely aligns our management with the shareholders. Fourth, we acquire businesses that fit our focus strategy and where we see a clear path to PE-like returns. And fifth, we view our capital structure and capital allocation as a key part of our efforts to create shareholder value. 
As you know, we regularly look closely at our choices for capital allocations. We basically have 4. Our priorities typically are as follows: one, to invest in our existing business; second, to make accretive acquisitions consistent with our strategy and return requirements. These are almost always our first choices. Our third is to give money back to the shareholders either through special dividend or stock buybacks. And our last is to pay off debt, though given the low cost of debt, especially after tax, this is still likely our last choice in current capital market conditions. 
In the last 3 years, we've seen significantly different business conditions and have allocated our capital accordingly. In March of fiscal year 2018, we announced 2 acquisitions for about $575 million that both fit our consistent strategy. We expect these deals to generate solid PE-like equity returns. We'll see how the rest of the year proceeds and as always, allocate our capital in a way we believe best maximizes the return to the shareholders. We continue to be reasonably active in the M&A world with a decent pipeline. But as usual, I can't predict or comment on any potential closings. 
To quickly review the 2 recent acquisitions, Kirkhill and Extant are both primarily proprietary sole-source aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket. Kirkhill's annual revenues are about $90 million, and almost all of this comes from aerospace. The transaction closed on March 15. The business is about evenly split between commercial and military revenues. The company's elastomer products are used on a broad range of commercial and military platforms, including most major new platforms. The profitability of this business has been problematic. We see a clear path to substantially improve the profitability, but it may take a little longer than usual. 
Extant is an attractive and unique business model. The company acquires and/or exclusively licenses mature products at or near the end of their new platform production cycles and provides the products and related aftermarket services for the remaining useful life. This can often be 30 years or more, particularly for the military products. Extant's revenues are about $85 million. Again, this business is primarily aerospace, with a very high, that is 80-plus percent of the revenue in the aftermarket. The business is a mix of defense and commercial but is more heavily weighted towards defense. This transaction closed on April 24. 
We will also launch a new debt offering this afternoon. The market continues to look strong and accommodating. Our current intention is to raise about $1.2 billion of new money. This is to replace the money we recently spent and also add a little more dry powder. As usual, if we don't see good, accretive acquisition uses in some reasonable time frame, we may well return some of the money to our shareholders. Additionally, the call protection on about $5 billion of our floating rate debt is due to expire at the end of May. As a result, we will also reprice this debt in order to reduce the spread over LIBOR that we currently pay. This should help to mitigate any future increases in LIBOR rates. We expect that we can lock this in well ahead of the call protection expiration date. 
Now to quickly summarize Q2 and year-to-date fiscal year '18. Kevin is going to address this in more detail. On Q2 and year-to-date operations, that is revenue and EBITDA as adjusted, we're strong, a little ahead of our expectations and up over last year. EBITDA as adjusted margins on both the quarter and year-to-date basis were up about 1 point. Our year-to-date Q2 earnings per share, both GAAP and as adjusted, are up significantly, both impacted by the new tax and improved operating performance. In the commercial aftermarket, revenues were strong, both against prior year Q2 and year-to-date. Freight-related aftermarket was up very substantially. Commercial OEM revenues continue mixed but, overall, slightly soft. Defense revenues were up modestly. However, incoming orders in both OEM and the aftermarket defense areas were quite strong. We feel good about the first half of 2018, especially with respect to the commercial aftermarket revenues and defense orders. 
Excluding acquisitions or capital structure activity, we still expect to generate about $1 billion in cash from operations after considering the impact of the new tax law. As I mentioned, Kirkhill and Extant used up about $575 million of this $1 billion. 
Based on the solid first half results and recent acquisitions, we are adjusting our guidance for the year. Our midpoint revenue guidance is increased by $95 million, reflecting both the recent acquisitions and our improved base business performance. Our midpoint EBITDA as adjusted is increased by $25 million, reflecting the same factors as above. About 2/3 of this increase is due to the new acquisitions. We do not expect Kirkhill to contribute any substantive EBITDA in 2018. Our midpoint EPS as adjusted is increased by $0.40 a share. This is primarily the result of the improved EBITDA I just mentioned. 
In summary, the first half of fiscal year '18 was a good start to the year. So far, the balance of the year looks positive. In any event, I'm confident, with our consistent, value-focused strategy and strong mix of businesses, we can continue to create long-term, intrinsic value for our investors. 
And now let me hand this over to Kevin, who'll discuss more detail of the operation.

Thanks.

No. I don't know that I can say a lot more than we said in the press release. We also have a -- I'm asking, Halle, is contract online now?

We also have a contract, my contract and Kevin's contract, which is -- you can get on the SEC website now, which maybe gives a little more color. But by and large, Noah, what you see is what you get. I mean, those are the issues that I intend to stay pretty involved in.

The -- I don't know how long I'll speak to investors. I'm only kidding you there. The -- if you look at the contract, what it anticipates is -- Halle, correct me if I'm wrong on this exact number, either roughly about 3.5 years, it anticipates that I would change to a Chairman rather than Executive Chairman with somewhat reduced duties. But I think the involvement in capital allocation and M&A decisions type of thing, I would think I would be involved for a while, for a considerable time.

So maybe just to clarify on that, Noah, just for -- to give you, the reasons 3 -- you mean the last 3-year history that we posted?

That was about 10%.

So I think what we mean is it's a little better.

Yes. You -- let's -- how do I -- we don't want to get too specific on individual operating units, but you're right. There is some rate of underlying decay. It's actually quite low. And you can guess why, it's a question of the platforms, and there's a lot of military. The -- we think it's a good, solid, proprietary aftermarket business with a very good margin potential. I would say when you look at this business, you're buying 2 things, essentially. You're buying a portfolio of product and licenses and you're buying a platform. We -- and that's the way you have to look at the value. And I would say, if -- the portfolio of existing products and licenses would generate an okay return, but it wouldn't -- we're paying somewhat for a platform that we think can continue to buy these small product lines and licenses.

I would hope so. But we haven't -- we didn't value any of that.
Maybe upside, but I wouldn't -- there's no value in there for that. As you know, Carter, we pretty well value what we see, not what other things we might [indiscernible].

Let me answer them in inverse order. As to whether we acquire more fixer uppers, if something meets our criteria, we look at it a deal at a time. If it's got proprietary aerospace with decent aftermarket, then the question is, does the price justify the return? Do we think we can get there? So I don't know how to answer that, other than we surely will evaluate them. We're not unhappy with low-performing businesses that meet our criteria if we can get them at the right price. As far as, are we confident in it? Yes, we're quite comfortable that we get our PE-like return on it. As you saw, we bought a $90 million in revenue for about $50 million. That's a significantly lower price than you generally pay. But we're quite comfortable we get our PE-like returns out of this, and I would think we could exceed that.

Thanks.

Let me just add. On the acquisitions, Rob, that's not to say that there may not be opportunity there. It's just that, by the time you get them implemented and work through the backlog, you're not going to see much of it hit this year.

Yes. Look, I would say, the change. In other words, there's no change in pricing philosophy or targets. So I guess you'd say that's mostly volume driven.

What I'm saying for M&A -- or excuse me, the impact of the M&A, whatever we might do, by the time you work through the backlog, it likely doesn't impact this year much. [indiscernible] We didn't take them over until -- you're into April already. So by the time you get around to doing something and you're past that, and then you got to [indiscernible] go back [indiscernible].

Yes, right.

I don't know how to answer that, Rob. I doubt it makes much difference. But we'll see -- we'll have to see what unwinds and how it evolves. It would surprise me if it makes a lot of difference. But we'll see.

I surely haven't seen that yet. And I just -- that's hard to predict.

I'll just add. If you remember, we went through it last year and we posted this. It was running red hot for about 3 years in an unsustainable rate of growth.

Thanks.

Yes. And the Kirkhill one is what's giving the dilution there.

I'm not sure what the question is.

It continues, the discussion continues. We're moving along in the sort of a typical kind of negotiation. I think, whatever concludes, it's unlikely that we'll say anything about it, as we did before. These typically conclude with a confidentiality agreement.

And I think just mathematically, given the diversity of our products, I don't think there's any 1 commodity that can materially impact the -- make a material impact on us.

So closer to the 21% than 25%.

Plus state.

We just have a different view of that, Noah. And I guess, I'd just leave it at that.

Yes.

Didn't you step it up some in the recent...

It steps up through the year.

That's what you figure it will be by the end of the year.

And as Jim mentioned, the collars, the hedges kick in at 2%.

That's just math.