Thanks, Nick. Today, I will first provide my regular review of results by key market and profitability of the business for the quarter and then cover outlook and some COVID-19-related topics.
Q3 was a challenging quarter against the backdrop of unprecedented slowdown across the commercial aerospace industry and a difficult global economy. In Q3, we saw a significant unfavorable impact on our business from the pandemic as demand for travel declined at a rapid pace and has remained depressed. Despite these headwinds, I am pleased that we were able to achieve an EBITDA as defined margin of 41.5%. Achieving this EBITDA as defined margin was primarily a result of our swift preemptive cost reduction actions and continued focus on our operating strategy. Due to COVID-19, our Q3 GAAP revenues were down approximately 33% versus prior year Q3 and EBITDA as defined was down 36% versus the prior year. Mike will provide more details on the financials later in the call.
Now we will review our revenues by market category. For the remainder of the call, I will provide color commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2019. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. In the commercial market, which makes up close to 65% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. Our total commercial OEM market revenue declined approximately 43% in Q3 when compared with Q3 of fiscal year 2019. The decline in the quarter did reflect a minimal headwind from the impact of the ongoing 737 MAX production halt. However, the decline is primarily due to the pandemic. Our quarterly commercial OEM bookings were down over 70% versus prior year quarter due to the OEM production rate cuts as a result of COVID-19's impact on commercial aircraft demand. We believe some level of inventory adjustment is likely in this result.
The pandemic has caused a significant negative impact on the commercial OEM market, and we believe that will continue. We are under the assumption that the demand for our commercial OEM products will be significantly reduced during the remainder of fiscal 2020 due to reductions in OEM production rates and the airlines deferring or canceling new aircraft orders. Longer term, the impact of COVID-19 is fluid and continues to evolve, but we anticipate significant negative impacts on our commercial OEM end markets for some uncertain period of time.
Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenues declined by approximately 52% over the prior year quarter. In the quarter, the decline in the commercial transport aftermarket was primarily driven by decreased demand in the passenger and interior submarkets. There was also a decline in the commercial transport freight market but at a less impactful rate. Our quarterly commercial aftermarket bookings were down approximately 70% versus prior year quarter results as a result of the decrease in air travel demand and uncertainties surrounding COVID-19, which is directionally in line with observed revenue passenger mile declines.
The rapid and dramatic decline in demand for air travel began late in our Q2 as global restrictions on business and shelter-in-place orders went into effect in response to the pandemic. This led to a significant reduction in global flight capacity and parked aircraft across the world. Certain markets have reopened, some of which have since experienced a resurgence of COVID-19 cases while others, particularly international markets, remain closed or are enforcing quarantines. Airlines have added back some flight capacity. However, recent events have mostly slowed the recovery in the U.S. while the rest of the world seems to be improving slowly. Considering these variables, the shape and speed of the recovery remains uncertain.
To touch on a few key points of consideration, global revenue passenger miles are still at unprecedented lows, though off the bottom, as a result of the pandemic. IATA recently forecast a 63% decrease in revenue passenger miles in calendar year 2020 compared to 2019. Cargo demand was weaker prior to the COVID-19 crisis as FTKs have declined from an all-time high in 2017. However, a loss of passenger belly cargo due to flight restrictions and reduced passenger demand could provide some unexpected opportunities. Cargo operations have been impacted to a much lesser extent by COVID-19 than commercial travel has.
Business jet utilization data was pointing to stagnant growth before this economic downturn. Now during this pandemic and in the aftermath, the outlook for business jets remains unpredictable as business jet flights are rebounding, but due to personal and leisure travel as opposed to business travel. The sustainability of this trend is difficult to foresee.
As we review the future of the commercial aftermarket, a concern may rise around the potential impact from legacy airframe retirements. A wave of retirements could augment the surplus market or used and serviceable material market, which I will refer to as USM. USM has historically been a low risk for TransDigm. We conducted a study a few years back to validate the low-risk of USM for our business and recently did a refresh study that resulted in the same conclusion. We do not see a material exposure to USM at TransDigm. This USM market mainly focuses on high-value parts that have a resale unit price exceeding $5,000 to $10,000, are repairable and typically focused on engine, avionic or landing gear systems. Most of our parts fall well below this $5,000 to $10,000 level. A large percentage are consumable and are not engine-, avionic- or landing gear-related.
Additionally, our examination of part numbers targeted for USM resale and searches for TransDigm parts for sale in the USM market found an immaterial percentage of our aftermarket parts available for sale in the USM market, validating the low risk of USM for TransDigm. However, we will continue to closely monitor USM to watch for any changes in these historical trends.
As the COVID-19 situation is ongoing, the duration and severity of the pandemic are still unclear and longer-term impacts for the commercial aftermarket are hard to predict. We do believe the commercial aftermarket will recover as long as air traffic continues to improve. So that aftermarket recovery is a question of when, not if.
Now let me speak about our defense market, which is typically about 35% of our total revenue. The defense market, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, declined by approximately 12% compared to the prior year Q3. As a reminder, we are lapping tough prior year comparisons as our defense revenue accelerated in most of fiscal 2019. Year-to-date, defense bookings were up mid-single digits and have solidly outpaced year-to-date sales. As we have said many times, defense bookings and sales can be lumpy. This quarter, there were specific timing-related issues out of Airborne Systems due to delays in international parachute sales and a safety-related issue which delayed shipments at Armtec. We expect our defense business will continue to expand due to the strength of our current order book.
Moving to profitability. I am going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA as defined. EBITDA as defined of about $424 million for Q3 was down 36% versus prior Q3. EBITDA as defined margin in the quarter was approximately 41.5%. I am pleased that in light of a difficult global economy and commercial aerospace industry, we held the EBITDA as defined margin almost flat with last year. We were able to achieve such an EBITDA as defined margin as a result of our cost mitigation efforts and a consistent focus on our operating strategy.
On Esterline, we are now over a year post close. Despite the impact of COVID, the integration continues to progress and exceed our expectations for growth in this largest of TransDigm acquisitions. As we have stated in the past, we will no longer refer to any Esterline-specific metrics as these businesses have become part of the fabric of TransDigm.
Now let's look at our outlook. As mentioned, we currently expect COVID-19 to continue to have a significant adverse impact on our sales, EBITDA as defined and net income for at least the remainder of fiscal year 2020 under the assumption that the pandemic will negatively impact customer demand and commercial OEM and commercial aftermarket being the most adversely impacted due to the pandemic's impact on air travel worldwide.
I do want to reiterate the market conditions we assumed for the second half of fiscal 2020 that we previously disclosed. As a reminder, this was not meant to be guidance but was used for our organizational rightsizing analysis that drove the reduction in force levels implemented to date. We are still utilizing the following with regard to organization sizing needs for the second half of fiscal 2020. Commercial aftermarket declines of 70% to 80%, we will likely perform better here. Commercial OE declines of 25% to 40%, we may perform a bit worse here. Defense growth in the mid-single digits, which is in line with our prior guidance for the defense end market, and this still appears possible.
Next, I would like to review our COVID-19 response in more detail. We remain confident in our business model over the long term and are focused on mitigating the impact of COVID-19 to our business while supporting customers and employees. Additionally, many of our businesses have taken the opportunity to explore new business opportunities by working on developing highly engineered solutions for emerging needs arising from COVID, including antiviral, antimicrobial technology, air purification and touchless technologies, to name a few. A cross-TransDigm team has been put in place, led by Joel Reiss, one of our most experienced executive vice presidents, to help drive this effort.
Now let me provide an update on specific cost-saving actions we have taken in response to the reduced demand and uncertainty resulting from the pandemic. We always monitor these costs closely, but even more so in a downturn to ensure we react swiftly and thoughtfully in response to the current environment. We understand that we cannot control the external factors in the downturn, but we remain extremely focused on those items that we can control, such as our cost structure. These cost mitigation efforts were previously disclosed and include total workforce reduction of greater than 30% was implemented, including both temporary and permanent reductions. This includes the previous reduction due to the 737 MAX production rate changes and the reduction in force due to COVID-19 implemented in the third quarter of fiscal 2020. This compares favorably to the target provided on the second quarter earnings call.
Furloughs continue to be utilized to align operations with customer demands until a more permanent view of the market can be realized. We will continue to vigilantly monitor our operations and external events or forecasts and will react quickly, as we always have, to further cost control needs.
So let me conclude by stating, I am pleased with the speed at which TransDigm has responded to the pandemic, taking immediate actions to protect employees from the spread of the virus while also dealing with the harsh reality confronting the broader commercial aerospace industry. The pandemic has been unprecedented, and uncertainty remains about the duration and impact on the pace and shape of any market recovery. However, we have a strong tenured management team that continues to remain poised and ever ready to act quickly and with purpose. We continually monitor the ongoing developments in the commercial aerospace industry and our own business to determine the best course of action. I have the utmost confidence that through our swift cost mitigation efforts and diligent focus on our operating strategy, the company will emerge more strongly from the ongoing weakness in our primary commercial end markets due to an improved cost structure.
With that, I would now like to turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman.

So your first question is on CAM forecast, I think, and on pricing. I think pricing, I'll hit first. In previous downturns, we have not seen a limit or a restriction on our ability to drive value pricing as needed. Clearly, our costs are going up quite significantly in this. So yes, we're not anticipating any issues on price, and we haven't seen them before. On CAM, yes, our forecast is a little bit uncertain. As you know, a chunk of our commercial aftermarket is book and ship within the quarter, and there's some amount of unknown in how this will unfold. I will tell you that our backlog remains reasonably strong. It's reasonably flat year-over-year or close to flat. So we're not seeing a massive drawdown on our backlog. We are seeing not a lot of cancellations either, which may be a question people have. We're seeing reschedules and push outs. This leads us to be confident that Q3 will be the bottom and Q4 will be better. The exact market split of how that plays out is a little uncertain as there is uncertainty as we look forward. But we are anticipating things will get modestly better. But consistency here will not happen until there is consistency in the end market and consistent flights in the world. So we follow that closely.

Well, our distribution channel, which is about 20% of our aftermarket, we do have some visibility to some of them on inventory levels, but that is minor by comparison to the rest of the industry. So no, I don't have visibility on what airlines or on the OEM side, what OEM partners are stocking currently. I tend to be surprised at times at the amount of inventory that's in the channel, but I have no indication of that right now. So we don't know what the inventory is like. We are seeing demand. We're seeing some urgent expedite demand in the aftermarket. So that would tell me that this is going to be fits and starts of recovery as we move forward.

So inventory levels and new business opportunity. On inventory levels, we've seen our inventory levels increase more than we would have liked. This is not due to producing finished goods and sticking them on shelves and continuing to run. These were scheduled raw material receipts largely. So we have work to do there. I think Mike would admit that as well that our performance on AP and AR has been decent, but inventory, not to the extent it needs to be. So we have some work to do there as we go forward. We do have that, I think, fully outlined to the team. We've talked about it with every business as we've gone forward on their current inventory levels, and we have a plan. So I'm not concerned about that, but it does give us something to work on as we go forward.
On new business opportunities, I'll bring you back to 9/11, post 9/11 and opportunities that occurred there with cockpit door modules and the locking mechanism and depressurization for the cockpit door. That was developed by us, driven around the world. That was a fantastic product that came out of that dislocation. We're looking for similar opportunities now, and that's why we've put a seasoned veteran of that business and that development of the cockpit door module with Joel Reiss in to help drive new business opportunities that may be coming about because of this pandemic. We've had interest from airlines and OEMs, and we'll see how this plays out. There's obviously a lot of interest, and we understand our role in helping to bring people back to flying with the confidence necessary for the market to continue to grow. So we recognize our position in that and are very active in this. We'll see if anything comes because of our efforts, but we are busy. Like I said in my comments, antimicrobial, antiviral, touchless technologies, there's so much that we have to offer. It's very exciting.

Yes. Important point, when I mentioned inventory issues, that's with my operating half, not from a cash flow.

I don't know how to answer that. I think certification will, of course, be an issue. Anything that gets put on to a plane needs to be certified. It will really be around desire and seeing how the market unfolds and what the demand is. Certainly, touchless technology, I think, would be useful always. I think there will need to be a different way of thinking around flying, well, I suppose, in a lot of aspects of society. So this is just one aspect of trying to put products in place that would make people feel more comfortable about flying, being stuck on a plane for 10 hours or more and what does that look like and what can we offer to help achieve that.

I think Nick said in the prepared comments that he would anticipate that it would be lumpy and there could be some dislocation to people flying more and how the market recovers. There's always a bit of a lag. That's natural. As the whipsaw flows through the supply chain, we're not seeing that yet. We'll be prepared for it when it happens. But I mean those are our thoughts right now. Again, I want to stress, we react quickly to the market. We react quickly to what we see happening and coming at us. We adjust costs. We look at driving everything to variable cost, eliminating the thought of these are fixed costs and how quickly can we respond. Our forecasts are fluid often, as you know. What we can promise is quick execution, and that's what we delivered this last quarter, and that's what we'll continue to deliver as the aftermarket unfolds in front of us. It could be lumpy. There could be some disconnects here and there. I don't see USM impacting us. I don't see PMA impacting us. So eventually, as people fly, the business will come.

Yes. It's take off and landing.

Ken, we don't review our aftermarket performance orders, booking, sales by geography like that. So it's difficult for us. When things go through distribution or some of the OEM partners, we don't get that visibility where things end up. So I don't have any insight for you on the geographies. I've heard from our partners that China is improving, that Asia is doing much better. We're using that as sort of the canary in the coal mine for how the rest of the business should be doing. We're starting to see that pick up. I can only use, say that anecdotally, again, from conversations with our distribution partners. That's the only thing I can offer on geography right now.

Yes. I can't comment. I can't comment on July. What I can say is that, and again, this is just an indicator. During the quarter, we saw our total bookings improve month-over-month during the quarter across the business. And also POS, as I look at our distribution partners, we've seen POS improve month-over-month. Directionally, it's down the same amount that our business is down, but we've seen it start to improve off of the very deep low early on in the quarter in April. I offer that as some color on things are gradually improving from demand and shipments.

It's an ongoing effort for us. The Armtec business makes, well, armament products, chaff, flares and the like. And we had a safety incident that has caused us to shut down production and to have to rework some of our manufacturing processes, procedures. This will be resolved, but this competitive business is not -- it's a driver of revenue for us but is very competitive, military. So it's a big driver of revenue, not a great driver of EBITDA. This has been a headache for us, but the team is working through it.

Interesting question. I don't think it's necessary for Armtec to be back up and running. We continue to make progress there as we do across Airborne and a few other businesses that we called out some of this, which was just lumpiness. As we look forward into Q4, we have the backlog necessary to support our forecast. We just need to now see if it all comes to pass. The military backlog tends to be more consistent. It tends to be, you can count on that. It's booked out further in advance. So we feel reasonably confident about this, the next quarter here, Q4.

Well, yes, as far as that impact, you follow the lion's share rule. I mean those are the things that jump out to you. Obviously, that doesn't account for all of it. There was some lumpiness in the rest of the business that bore out in the scheduled deliveries. That seems to shake out in Q4. But again, we'll have to watch that closely.
On anticipated product restocking or the inventory levels that are in the system, how long they will have to burn down, I really don't know. I don't have any visibility on inventory levels. I anticipate that they don't have a lot of our product, but we really don't know that for certain. So I can't give you any time frame on how long destocking will last.

No. We've not seen anything like that. Yes, just not there.

We don't really know. We're planning on following it closely. I follow the same estimates and guidance that the analyst community throw out, whether it's 2023 or slightly thereafter. I don't have any reason to have a better number than that. But again, I will say our goal is to react quickly, to execute quickly on whatever we see in the marketplace. You can count on us to do that. So that's how we look at the world.

I don't think so. Mike is shaking his head.

Yes. The pricing possibility, the pricing lever in the commercial space, commercial world, we've seen our prices stick, I guess, in previous downturns, and we're anticipating something similar. We have seen our costs go up quite significantly as we've worked our way through this. And that is justification to work with our customers to pass along some of that. The market is, yes, it's fits and starts as we go forward.

Instead of acquisitions.

I do. And I would also add that what we think is important to our business is, I think we talked about earlier and Nick alluded to it, it's not necessarily passengers on the plane, it's take off and landings. It's cycles. It's flights. Whether there's people on them or not or their load factors, those impact airlines. But there's a lot of our products that have to be changed no matter what, no matter how many people are on the plane. That's not true for everything. In the aftermarkets, obviously, boarding and disembarking from a flight certainly will wear out some of the materials on the walls and floors and seat belts. But a lot of the plane needs to be serviced no matter what. And that's what we're counting on. We believe we're market weighted as we look at wide-bodies and narrow-bodies. Clearly, international wide-bodies account for a large, a disproportionate share of RPMs, that's why takeoff and landing cycles, we think, are a great way to look at a driver for aftermarket content.

Yes. It's certainly a headwind. There's no doubt about it. We're not going to bury our heads in the sand on this and pretend that, that's not going to be an impact. Certainly, and as planes are brought back from retirements, it's generally newer planes that are brought back. Clearly, that's in the mix. But let's remember that what matters most to us in the aftermarket is planes off of warranty. Whether they're very old legacy or newer planes that have entered the aftermarket realm, yes, you make more money on old legacy planes, slightly more percentage points, but there's many less of them flying. So again, it's market weighted that matters to us. And that's, again, what we're following is those takeoff and landings, the cycles, the flights. That's what will drive. And I think our results so far have shown that. We'll see how this continues. I expect it will be lumpy as we go forward, including the aftermarket, defense business on both markets, but it will improve as people fly.

That's right.