Good morning from Cleveland, and thanks for calling in today. First, I'll start off with the usual quick overview of our strategy, a few comments about the quarter and discussion of our fiscal 2022 outlook. Then Jorge and Mike will give additional color on the quarter.  
To reiterate, we are unique in the industry in both the consistency of our strategy in good times and bad as well as our steady focus on intrinsic shareholder value creation through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize, here are some of the reasons why we believe this.
About 90% of our net sales are generated by unique proprietary products. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which generally have significantly higher margins and over any extended period have typically provided relative stability in the downturns.
We follow a consistent long-term strategy specifically. We own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. We utilize a simple, well-proven, value-based operating methodology. We have a decentralized organizational structure and unique compensation system closely aligned with shareholders.
We acquire businesses that fit this strategy and where we see a clear path to PE-like returns. Our capital structure and allocations are a key part of our value creation methodology. Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital.
As you saw from our earnings release, we had another good quarter considering the market environment. We continue to see recovery in the commercial aerospace market and are encouraged by the trends in air traffic among other factors. Our Q2 results show positive growth in comparison to the same period in 2021 as we are lapping the second fiscal quarter of '21, which was heavily impacted by the pandemic and then relative availability of vaccines. Although our results have improved, they continue to be unfavorably affected in comparison to pre-pandemic levels as the demand for air travel remains depressed.
However, the continued steady improvement in global air traffic is encouraging. There was a slight pullback in flight traffic in January as a result of the Omicron variant after strong December holiday travel, but traffic has continued to progress forward since then. It further illustrates the pent-up demand for air travel and bodes well for the continued momentum of the commercial aerospace recovery throughout 2022.
To date, the recovery has remained primarily driven by domestic leisure travel, though international travel is slowly improving as many governments across the world have softened or fully lifted travel restrictions. China continues to be a watch point as both international and domestic traffic in China is near COVID lows due to strict zero COVID policies limiting travel.
In our business, we saw another quarter of sequential improvement in our total commercial aftermarket revenues and bookings with both up approximately 10% over Q1 of fiscal 2022. I am very pleased that despite this challenging commercial environment, our EBITDA as defined margin was 47.7% in the quarter.
Contributing to this strong margin is the continued recovery in our commercial aftermarket revenues as well as the careful management of our cost structure and focus on our operating strategy. This was achieved despite the Omicron variant impacting travel in the beginning of Q2 and the sharp drop-off in China air traffic during the quarter.
Additionally, we continue to generate cash in Q2. We had operating cash flow generation of almost $90 million and closed the quarter with a little over $4.2 billion of cash. We expect to steadily generate significant additional cash throughout the remainder of 2022.
Next, an update on our capital allocation activities and priorities. I am happy to report that during Q2, we opportunistically deployed $667 million of capital via open market repurchases of our common stock. This equates to approximately 1 million of our shares at an average price of $637 per share. We view these repurchases like any other capital investment and expect this will meet or exceed our long-term return objectives. Mike will address this more later.
Also during the quarter, we agreed to acquire DART Aerospace for approximately $360 million in cash. DART is a leading provider of highly engineered unique helicopter solutions that mainly service civilian aircraft. DART is expected to generate approximately $100 million in pro forma revenue for the calendar year ending December 31, 2022, and it fits well with our proprietary and aftermarket focused value generation strategy. The acquisition is currently expected to close during the second half of our fiscal 2022.
Pro forma for the closing of the DART acquisition, we still expect to have a sizable cash balance of close to $4 billion. This assumes announced share repurchases and DART closing, which together allocates approximately $1 billion of capital for value-generating investments.
We continue to evaluate our capital allocation options regarding additional acquisitions, share buybacks and dividends. All 3 options remain on the table, each individually but then also potentially in some combination over the next 9 months or so. Any significant M&A, share buyback and/or dividend activity will still leave the company with substantial liquidity and the financial flexibility to deal with any currently anticipated capital requirements or other opportunities in the readily foreseeable future.
We continue to look at possible M&A opportunities and are always attentive to our capital allocation. Both the M&A and capital markets are always difficult to predict but especially so in these times. Regarding the current M&A pipeline, we are actively looking for M&A opportunities that fit our model. Acquisition opportunity activity continues to accelerate and is approaching pre-COVID levels. We have a decent pipeline of possibilities as usual, mostly in the small and midsize range. I cannot predict or comment on possible closings. We remain confident that there is a long runway for acquisitions that fit our portfolio.
Now moving to our outlook for 2022. We are still not in a position to provide full financial guidance as a result of the continued disruption in our primary commercial end markets. We continue to be encouraged by the recovery we have seen in our commercial OEM and aftermarket revenues and the strong bookings received for both thus far in fiscal 2022. At this time, we expect to reinitiate guidance on the November 2022 earnings call for our new fiscal year, assuming prevailing conditions continue to evolve favorably.
We continue to expect COVID-19 to have an adverse impact on our financial results compared to pre-pandemic levels throughout the remainder of fiscal 2022 under the assumption that both our commercial OEM and aftermarket customer demand will remain depressed due to lower worldwide air travel, although recent positive trends in commercial air traffic could impact us favorably.
With regard to internal planning, our teams are now resource planning for commercial aftermarket revenue to grow ahead of the 20% to 30% sizing range previously provided. We expect our commercial OEM revenue to grow significantly as well but at a rate less than the commercial aftermarket rate of growth. As you know, we aim to be conservative.
As for the defense market, we still expect defense revenue growth in the low single-digit percent range for fiscal 2022 versus prior year despite the slow first half of the year. Jorge will provide more color on our defense end market. As you know, this end market can often be quite lumpy on a quarterly basis.
We now expect full year fiscal 2022 EBITDA margin to be approaching 48% due to the rate of commercial aftermarket recovery. We anticipate EBITDA margins will continue to move up throughout the second half of our fiscal year. As a note, this margin guidance includes the unfavorable headwind of our Cobham acquisition of about 0.5% this year.
We believe we are well positioned for the second half of fiscal 2022. As usual, we'll closely watch the aerospace and capital markets and see how they develop and react accordingly. Mike will provide details on other fiscal 2022 financial assumptions and updates.
Let me conclude by stating that I'm pleased with the company's performance in this period of gradual recovery for the commercial aerospace industry and with our commitment to driving value for our stakeholders. We remain focused on executing our operating strategy and managing our cost structure as we continue on this path to a full recovery of the commercial aerospace industry. We look forward to the remainder of fiscal 2022 and the opportunity to continue to create value for our stakeholders through our consistent strategy.
Now let me hand it over to Jorge to review our recent performance and a few other items.

So China and bookings commentary, China -- well, China is in our numbers now. Obviously, we've seen depressed flight activity in China, although Asia is starting to show some green shoots of activity in the rest of Asia. So we remain encouraged there. This should be some sort of upside for us. Hard to gauge how much as the future unfolds as China starts flying domestically and internationally.
On bookings, I think we remain encouraged on aftermarket bookings continue to increase and so do OEMs, so does the defense. Defense had very strong bookings, as you heard Jorge comment on. It's why we remain confident and optimistic on the year for defense spending.

I think that orders and shipments can be lumpy. The supply chain is not efficient. I don't have any exact commentary on why we might be outperforming today. I know at times, we can appear to outperform and at times underperform. It's just the inefficiencies of the market.

Well, we've historically done share repurchases. It has happened in the past, sizable repurchases. We're looking at this, as I said in my comments, opportunistically as a way to get capital back out to the shareholders. We're not thinking about it any differently. We're evaluating all options on the table. There are M&A opportunities. And when we determine that the time is right, we will move forward with other capital deployment in terms of M&A deals or share repurchase dividends. There's no magic formula to decide which we'll do. It's kind of as we decide as we go, but everything is on the table right now.

Well, we have pre-authorization from the Board to go to, I believe, $2.2 billion in share repurchases. We've used $667 million of that. I think it depends on the opportunities that come along. Again, we model this just like an acquisition, and we see similar returns. We're evaluating all options. I can't comment much more than that. We want to ensure we have enough dry powder to do any deals that we see coming along of any sizable extent.

Well, I think we're optimistic about defense budgets in the future. It obviously takes a while for that to trickle down to us as a component supplier. But we do see a favorable environment shaping up for us in the future on defense.

Yes. I think I said all that we want to say on that. We're not giving guidance. I did say in my prepared remarks that we would -- we see outperforming that 20% to 30% resource planning target. We are not -- the market isn't so stable right now that we're going to go out on a limb and communicate higher. We tend to be conservative in our guidance, and there's still book and ship that has to happen. So we're sticking with, we're going to outperform the 20% to 30% that we initially gave at the year but not put a finer point on it right now.

Well, pricing, we don't comment on specifics. Our goal is that we need to overcome inflation. Inflation, as you've seen from CPI values is running very high historically over many decades. It is a focus. And what we -- part of our job is to evaluate and pass along the inflationary pressures that we see. So far, we have been successful in doing that.

Yes. We think we -- it was, in general, broad-based in nature. There wasn't 1 or 2 specific programs driving that. In general, we saw the pickup with the passage of the DoD budget throughout the quarter. So we expect that there may be a little bit of catch-up that the DoD and DLA are playing there with that delay.

We aren't splitting out the pieces. All of the market segments have gone up and are doing better. We're not splitting out the segments. That activity, though, has, I think, increased the most of any of the submarkets so far.

Interiors has also improved quite surprisingly. The only, I think, as Jorge touched on, the only sector that still growing but starting to slow its growth a little bit was the freight. As we've already heard, there would be some slowdowns. But interiors, all of the submarkets are up and to the right. It's the first time, I think, we've seen something that pronounced across all of the submarkets.

Yes. I think we don't want to get into given quarterly guidance on defense revenue outlooks. But generally, as Jorge mentioned, there were such strengths in the booking and as we look out over the next 2 quarters that we feel pretty confident that we're going to be able to hold the low single-digit range for the year. So Q3 and Q4 will be quite a big ramp-up to your point. But in terms of forecasting how big each quarter, I don't think we want to get on the quarterly expectations.

I think we -- I'll let Mike chip in on this as well. We will be opportunistic. We will keep all the options on the table. As we said, clearly, the return would be better at this share price. We remain very bullish on the business so -- as we see the market recovery.
Mike, do you want to add anything to that?

We actively look for opportunities around the world. Certainly, in Europe, we're always evaluating opportunities. I don't think we want to be -- grow defense exposure. We're a commercial aerospace company. And we will continue to look for those opportunities and value them generally higher than defense opportunities. But all options are open and on the table, including in Europe where we've had excellent luck doing acquisitions.

We are not a big PMA player. We are heavily engineered product developer. So I'm not sure we're looking at getting out of our comfort zone or the products that we make to get into other areas of aerospace unless acquisitions lead us there.

I would just say, and I'll let Mike jump in, that even in this rising interest rate environment, it's still historically very low interest rates. So there's a long way for us to go. It's not changing my mentality around capital allocation or debt. Mike, do you have...

We've certainly encouraged our teams not to skimp on inventory in this environment that not having necessary inventory and not being able to complete a sale is not acceptable. So if we need a little bit extra to help us bridge through this time, we've certainly told our teams to look at those options.

It's hard to say. And I think we'll give guidance when we go back to giving guidance as far as next year goes. But generally, you guys know the way we like to run the business. We should always see our margins given some stability in the end markets march upward each year. But exactly how much, it's just hard to say given where commercial aftermarket is and how the mix shift there can impact your margins. But generally, obviously, should trend upward. But at this point, I don't think we want to say by how much. Hard to do.

Right now, we don't see any issues supporting the growth on the commercial side. It's been a little bit more concentrated on our defense businesses and again, towards electronic components. The teams have been pretty active over the prior couple of quarters trying to adapt and adjust their MRPs as they need to, to plan for additional supply and anything that might happen. But we do not see that limiting our growth prospects at all.