Thanks, Nick. Today, I will first provide my regular review of results by key market and profitability of the business for the quarter. I'll also comment on recent acquisition activity and fiscal 2021 outlook.
During our Q2 fiscal 2021 quarter, there continued to be a significant unfavorable impact on our business as a result of the reduced demand for travel due to the pandemic. However, the commercial aerospace industry has continued to show signs of recovery in recent months with the distribution of the COVID-19 vaccine and increasing air traffic, especially in certain domestic markets.
In our business, we saw another quarter of sequential improvement in commercial aftermarket revenues, with total commercial aftermarket revenues up 12% over Q1. Additionally, I am very pleased that we continue to sequentially expand our EBITDA as defined margin as a result of careful management of our cost structure and focus on our operating strategy in this challenging commercial environment.
Now we will review our revenue by market category. For the remainder of the call, I will provide color commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the period -- the prior year period in 2020. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. This market discussion now includes the recent acquisition of Cobham Aero Connectivity and removes the impact of any divestitures completed by the end of Q2.
In the commercial market, which typically makes up close to 65% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket.
Our total commercial OEM market revenue declined approximately 43% in Q2 when compared with Q2 of the prior year period. We continue to assume the demand for our commercial OEM products will be significantly reduced throughout the remaining half of 2021 due to reductions in OEM production rates and the airlines deferring or canceling new aircraft orders.
Longer term, the commercial aerospace market is fluid and continues to evolve. We anticipate a depressed commercial OEM end market for some uncertain period of time when compared to pre-COVID levels. However, recent commentary from Airbus on potential A320 rate ramps in 2022 and beyond are certainly encouraging.
On a positive note, Q2 bookings demonstrated strong sequential improvement of over 20% compared to Q1 bookings and solidly outpaced sales. As we mentioned last quarter, the bookings improvement we are seeing is likely an indicator of OEM destocking slowing.
Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenues declined by approximately 39% in Q2 when compared to prior year Q2. This quarterly decline was primarily driven by decreased demand in our passenger and interior submarkets. However, our commercial transport freight market returned to modest growth and slightly offset this decline. To repeat, sequentially, total commercial aftermarket revenues grew approximately 12% in Q2, another encouraging data point.
Commercial aftermarket bookings were still down this quarter compared to the same prior year period. However, the bookings declined less than the observed flight traffic declines, with freight and business jet bookings continuing to improve. Q2 bookings sequentially improved almost 30% and solidly outpaced sales. This is likely the result of destocking slowing in airlines, increased flight activity and future planning.
To touch on a few key points of consideration, global revenue passenger miles are still low though off the bottom and now recovering. IATA's most recent forecast expects that calendar year 2021 revenue passenger miles will be 57% below 2019, but we are cautiously optimistic.
There was an uptick in domestic air traffic in March and April. And the airlines are seeing strength in bookings that will drive summer flight schedules. Certain airlines have already announced domestic wide-body routes to serve the anticipated demand this summer. 
IATA does forecast a strong second half of calendar 2021, with a rebound in domestic travel in the U.S. back at 2019 levels of revenue passenger miles, and China well above that level. There is also potential for international travel openings more as governments consider revising travel restrictions.
For cargo demand, this was weaker prior to the COVID-19 crisis as FTKs have declined from the all-time high in 2017. However, a loss of passenger belly cargo and the pickup in e-commerce has helped cargo operations to recover quicker than commercial travel.
Business jet utilization data has shown that activity in certain regions has rebounded to pre-pandemic or better levels. This is due to personal and leisure travel as opposed to business travel at this time. It remains to be seen if business jet utilization will continue to expand, but current trends are encouraging.
We believe there is a global pent-up demand for travel. We see evidence of this demand through the recovery in domestic travel specifically in the U.S. and China and the optimism of airlines for the summer season. Domestic travel is currently benefiting from international travel restrictions and could offset some lost international travel in the market.
In due time, with vaccine distribution and lifting of travel restrictions, passenger demand across the globe will increase. Historically, personal travel has accounted for the largest percentage of revenue passenger miles. And forecasts still indicate a more meaningful pickup in personal travel in the back half of this calendar year, followed later by business travel. And we are hopeful this will be the case.
Now let me speak about our defense market, which traditionally is at or below 35% of our total revenue. The defense market revenue, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, grew by approximately 8% in Q2 when compared with the prior year period. Our defense order book remains strong, and we continue to expect our defense business to expand throughout the remainder of the year.
Moving now to profitability. I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA as defined. EBITDA as defined of about $519 million for Q2 was down 23% versus prior Q2. EBITDA as defined margin in the quarter was approximately 43.5%. We were able to improve our EBITDA as defined margin approaching 100 basis points sequentially despite the acquisition dilution from the recent Cobham acquisition of about 100 basis points as well.
Next, I will provide a quick update on our recent acquisition. The Cobham acquisition integration is progressing well under the leadership of one of our experienced EVPs, Joel Reiss. We have now owned Cobham a little over 4 months, and we are pleased with the acquisition thus far.
We have split Cobham into 2 operating unions -- units: Canyon AeroConnect located in Prescott, Arizona; and Chelton Limited, located in Marlow, U.K. Two experienced TransDigm presidents are leading the integration of these 2 operating units.
Now moving to our outlook for 2021. We are still not in a position to issue formal fiscal 2021 sales EBITDA as defined in net income guidance at this time. We will look to reinstitute guidance when we have a clearer picture of the future.
We, like most aero suppliers, are hopeful that we will realize a more meaningful return of activity in the second half of the calendar year. For now, we are encouraged by the recovery in our commercial OEM and aftermarket bookings in the first half of our fiscal year, along with the improvement we have seen in our commercial aftermarket revenues.
As for the defense market and an update to our defense revenue growth comments on the Q4 and Q1 earnings calls previously, we now expect defense revenue growth in the mid-single-digit percent range for fiscal 2021 versus prior year. The previous expectation communicated for fiscal 2021 defense revenue growth was low to mid-single-digit growth.
Additionally, given the continued uncertainty in the commercial market channels and consistent with our past commentary, we are not providing an expected dollar range for fiscal 2021 EBITDA as defined. We assume a steady increase in commercial aftermarket revenue going forward and expect full year fiscal 2021 EBITDA margin roughly in the area of 44%, which could be higher or lower based on the rate of commercial aftermarket recovery. This includes a dilutive effect to our EBITDA margin from Aero -- from the Cobham Aero Connectivity acquisition. Mike will provide details on other fiscal 2021 financial assumptions and updates.
Let me conclude by stating that I am pleased with the company's performance in this challenging time for the commercial aerospace industry and with our commitment to driving values for our stakeholders. The commercial aerospace market is -- its recovery is underway and current trends are encouraging. There is still uncertainty about the pace of the recovery, but the team remains focused on controlling what we can control.
We are closely monitoring the ongoing developments in the commercial aerospace industry and ensure that we remain ready to meet the demand as it returns. We look forward to the remaining half of 2021 and expect that our consistent strategy will continue to provide the value you have come to expect from us.
With that, I will now turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman.

Mike, do you want to take it?

I think the booking seems -- that seems to indicate that we've troughed, I would believe, but we'll see how it plays out. I don't anticipate any future revisions to production rate down, so I would assume that.

No.

No.

Yes. I think that we've seen strong sequential improvement in aftermarket bookings. We've also seen some in OEM bookings. I think what we need to see is more flight activity. That will give us a breakout quarter.
I think we're just starting to see ourselves come out of this. I'll remind you that our thoughts when we went into this year were somewhat flat Q1 and Q2 with a slight uptick in the second half, nothing dramatic. I still think we're on that pace.
But for a real breakout, which I think is what you're driving at and when do these orders come through, it's going to take more flight activity, I think. We're just at the beginning of the takeoff, I think. And we need more positive signs of that.
That lends itself to Mike's answer for the last question as well. We just need to see more stability here, more consistent performance for us to feel comfortable with the future quarters.
We know that we book up to 2 years out on OEM. And so it's harder to predict when OEM orders will come in. Aftermarket orders tend to be more book and ship. You would expect that there will be more good news on the closer horizon, but there's still a lot to be seen.

Well, I think it's the same approach and attack plan as always. We are very disciplined in adding back costs. We will do so in a very disciplined manner. We will pass along, of course, increased costs in terms of inflationary pressures. We will practice the same playbook as always as we go through this. I think this will work very well for TransDigm. As we come out of this, we will see improved, I think, margin position as we come out of this, given the cost reductions that we've done as well as what has happened with some value pricing.

As -- what is going to return first in this market is aftermarket, and that requires less labor. It's OEM builds that drive OEM demand that drives labor needs quite significantly. I'm not saying that we won't need to hire, but the aftermarket recovery is less labor-intensive.

Yes. I would say, in general, our sales in the aftermarket, we've seen strengths in aftermarket freight. We've seen some general strength in business jet. Our transport business is sort of on par and some of our interiors, which tend to be a little more discretionary lag. Does that answer your question?

I think it's more concentrated on the less discretionary. But we are seeing some uptick from some of our more discretionary businesses that have seen some need to refurbish planes around the world. I think we've seen some orders and interest from unknown corners of the world. 
So -- it's the discretionary side is doing okay, but it is weaker than the other piece. I think that makes sense given that as airlines are recovering, they're more worried about putting people in the seats than some of the look and feel just yet. But we're starting to see that ever so slightly changed.

Yes. We have fundamentally looked at some of our businesses, some of their locations. They have satellite facilities and offices that we have looked to close, consolidate underperforming business segments for them. We've taken this opportunity to streamline, combine effectively to lower cost. There's also been a number of, of course, cost productivity programs, automation that we've been able to implement. This has been an ongoing effort. We've continued to invest at the same or in an even accelerated rate in some of our facilities for automation and cost reductions during this time. So it continues to bear out for us.

Well, I think we're starting to hear from Airbus of rate readiness, notifications of ramp in narrow-body rates. Seems to make sense. It seems like there will be a hole in the market that they need to fill. We will be ready to fulfill that as it comes to pass. Makes sense that there will be some of that need, though.

Business jet has been really robust, both in aftermarket OEM activity in general. I'm encouraged there, although we'll have to see how it plays out, that is, is it just leisure and -- or is it business jet use? What happens here? But right now, it's been a brighter segment for us.
Now it's only 10% to 15% of our business. So it's not a massive driver on just the business jet side, but it's still interesting.

We're not. If I -- I think we're really bullish about the order book on the defense side. We always see lumpiness, and I've talked about it in the past. APKWS, parachute orders on -- lumpiness on OEM. Sometimes those orders ship. Sometimes the bookings are delayed. We've seen strength in aftermarket. Recent bookings in aftermarket, defense aftermarket have been strong. So I'm not feeling like there's any weakness, any program concerns. As you know, the defense budgets are coming through right now.
And I think TransDigm is in a great position because we are on the capability extension, the technological advancement curve. We're not boots on the ground, so to speak. So it puts us in a good place for the market in the future. So both short term and long term, I'm reasonably optimistic about the defense budget and situation for us.

We don't offer volume discounts. So we're not -- in our aftermarket, we don't give you a better price if you buy 100 pieces versus 1, generally speaking. So there's not the market drive to get ahead of anything.
What we're seeing is that this is not overly discretionary driven. It's a lot of consumable parts that they need. And there's some urgency coming out of it. We're starting to hear of some urgent need, urgent orders. 
I'll tell you that our POS with our distribution is running very similar to what we see. So all indicators are that the business is generally starting to recover, like you said, 5% sequential in Q1, 12% now and an order book that continues to expand.

I don't know that we do. Generally speaking, leased folks might -- historically have had more restrictions on PMA and other things. But generally speaking, to us, it doesn't matter.

Well, we won't be able to protect against raw material increases. We will have to pass them along through our indices and price increases that we have and the mechanisms. There is no way to protect yourself unless you're willing to buffer with huge amounts of inventory, which generally we don't like to do. We also don't see the need to go really long on some of these ingredients.
We have a tendency to have a lot of specialty products that we source from our supply chains around our facilities. I don't see this as a huge issue of supply yet. It doesn't mean that it won't get to that point as people struggle with possibly re-laboring their facilities. But right now, we're not in any danger position on raw material supply or supplies in general.

I assume we're making that -- we're crossing some threshold as we move through this now. Defense -- or I'm sorry, commercial OEM bookings can be lumpy. We haven't lost any positions. They're simply working through inventory and the mix that they have today. I'm confident this will shake out in the coming months and quarter.

Yes. I guess the underlying assumption we have is that people will fly more in the second half. There'll be more commercial aftermarket activity and a continued improvement. Not dramatic. We have said from the beginning we had a modest uptick in the second half that was in our thinking. And I still think that's where we're at.
To get to the 44% with, as you pointed out, about a percentage point of headwind is -- yes, that is going to be the feat that we have ourselves dialed in to achieve right now. I don't see -- there's always headwinds to that continued cost reductions that we continue to look at. But I think we feel okay about that right now as our forward forecast.

We saw some real change in the last month -- last 6 weeks of the quarter. Clearly, the month of March was very different than January and February. And I think that's -- you can see that in-flight activity, in interest, in people traveling, to websites. I mean there are so many trackers that all of you out there follow that I religiously read every day that show sometime in the March time frame, there was an uptick in activity, and that translated to an uptick in activity for us as well.

Well, I can't comment on April. I can't comment on April, whether that's continued. But the -- I think the flight activity and interest, as we have seen, continues.

I guess if I was placing that, I would say that yes, some of it must be for returning aircraft, although the parked fleet has slowed as to what's coming back out of park until there's more revenue passenger miles flown. So I think they continue to pull out capacity. They then have to get it ready to fly. So there's a little bit of that.
I don't say that there's -- a whole lot of it is getting planes ready. I think it's actual usage, having inventory staged where you'll need it. It's just the return of flight activity. And maybe there was some harvesting of available hours on different planes or ship sets that they needed to manage now. Now I'm -- it's how you get into speculation.

Yes. I'd say it's actionable, the small, the medium-sized end of the range. It continues to weigh -- the opportunities we see continue to weigh more towards defense. To Nick's comments earlier, we'll see what comes. If there's a big good commercial business that comes down the pike, we'd like to see that. But currently active as we always are and waiting more towards defense.

Yes. There's not a lot of color I can offer on that, except that we're delivering on the order book of today, which is -- as you know, is more slanted to narrow-bodies right now.
Yes. I don't have a lot of insight there as to whether one ship set is in a better inventory position or anything like that. I just don't have that color.

Probably later in the fall, if they were going to go for a 2022 rate change. It's usually 6 months or so ahead of time, I think.

I think about it -- yes.

Yes, of course. I mean, we have the capital to deploy, and we'd like to be out there putting it to work, but we can't make those things happen. So we remain at the ready to take advantage of it if the opportunity happens.

I say -- I'll take this one, and Nick, you can jump in. I think these are still great businesses, core businesses. This is part of the process of doing work with the government. You have to go through this process. The U.S. is a military DoD fantastic customer. We understand that they are trying to get the best deal for their constituents as well. 
So it's a natural part of the process. I don't think we are afraid of it. We've spent more time integrating into it. We now have regular reviews and meetings with the DoD, the DLA. We're very connected. And it's very different today than 5, 10 years ago in terms of our connection.
So if your question is will we eventually want to get rid of these businesses because of the nuisance of military, I don't see that happening yet at all. These are still great businesses, core to us. These are products developed in a commercial environment. These are fantastic products and businesses for us.

And we have very few businesses that are just 100% military. And we've been talking about some of those and offloading some of those from the Esterline side of the house. So we continue to look at this and work on it.

I guess it's 2. There's some new things, and then that's continuation and paying for the actions that we already started.

And we're never done looking at our cost position, right? So you shouldn't ever anticipate things completely cease there.

But we take this seriously. We're very engaged. We're working closely with the IG on the audit. We meet with them regularly. This has -- yes, it's been something that we've continued to work, much like in the past. So yes, the conclusions are similar.

We are hearing of some critical raw materials, some critical materials, some materials that have gone up dramatically in price. So far, we haven't seen any dramatic supply disruptions because of the supply chain being stressed. We have seen prices go up in some spot market buys on certain metals and other components. But as a whole, we're able to pass along inflationary costs, surge pricing, expedite pricing. 
The one area that we're looking very closely at, of course, is electronic components. We do consume those in a number of our businesses, whether they're chips, resistors, FETs and the like, and making sure that we have the supply of those that we need. That continues to be a focus.
Again, we make a lot of what we need and consume. So we are not overly exposed, but it's something that we have to continue to watch closely.

So we are always, on regular intervals, looking at pricing our business and putting -- passing along inflationary and expedited increases.
As far as the CAM bookings or any color on geography, we don't track our business that way per se. Many of our customers are global. So I don't have geographic information.
My expectations are that certainly, what I'm seeing -- what we're seeing in the U.S. is driving business. But also China, the domestic flight surge there, we anticipate that we see that activity. But we're -- we don't see any concrete geographies in our results.

Yes. I think because the price that we've been able to drive, I think the new products, programs and the like, I think we'll be in a better position when the volume returns. But we'll have to see how that unpacks.

Yes. We're always considering opportunities. We look at the passenger to freighter conversion business. We're looking at a number of opportunities there. I don't know on the inorganic side that I can comment there.
But on the organic side, we're constantly looking at new products, innovations to better service that market because it seems like one that is evolving very quickly. And there's a lot of players, a lot of interested parties.

There's been a lot of opportunities in the aerospace.

Thanks.