Thanks, Nick. Today, I will review our results by key market then discuss the profitability of the business for the quarter, and finally, provide revised guidance for the fiscal year. 
As you have seen, we had a strong first quarter and a good start to the year. Mike will provide more details on the financials, but our first quarter operations, revenue and EBITDA As Defined were up nicely over last year. Q1 GAAP revenues were up 17% versus prior year Q1, and EBITDA As Defined was up 21% over the prior year, with strong margins at 49% of revenue. 
Bookings or incoming orders are the real story here, however, with pro forma Q1 bookings up 20% compared with a year-ago period, a robust increase observed across all aerospace market segments.
Now we will review our revenues by market category. For the remainder of the call, I will provide color commentary on the pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2018. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. In the commercial market, which makes up close to 70% of our revenue, we will split our discussion to OEM and aftermarket. 
In our commercial OEM market, Q1 revenues increased approximately 13% when compared with Q1 of fiscal year 2018. Commercial transport OEM revenues, which make up the majority of our commercial OEM business, were up 10% in Q1 when compared to the prior year period. Bookings in the quarter were strong and outpaced sales by a wide margin. For most of 2018, we commented that the softness we were experiencing in the OEM market was a transient as our shipset content had experienced no negative revisions. 
Now in Q1 of fiscal year '19, we are seeing growth across narrow-body and wide-body form factors once again. As we said at the time, revenues can be lumpy due to a number of factors.
Business jet and helicopter OEM revenues make up around 20% of our commercial OEM revenues. Revenues in this combined market were up over 20% compared to the same period in 2018. Bookings in this submarket outpaced sales in total with strong business jet bookings slightly offset by some weakness in helicopter bookings. Although business jet delivery forecasts continue to look positive for 2019, driven largely by larger cabin jets, the robust sales growth experienced this quarter is not likely sustainable. In addition, the smaller revenue helicopter market may be a slight headwind going forward. 
Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business. Total commercial aftermarket revenues grew by just over 6% in the quarter. Both the commercial transport and business jet/helicopter aftermarket revenues were up close to the average of 6% over the prior year quarter. Bookings well outpaced sales in the quarter, and year-over-year bookings growth came in at over 20% in this important market segment. The aftermarket freight segment continues to outperform our expectations within this composite. Time will tell if this continues as the freight market fundamentals have slowed.
Now let me speak about our defense market, which is just over 30% of our total revenue. The defense market, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, was up approximately 15% over the prior year Q1. Revenue growth was well distributed across our business. For Q1 of fiscal year '19, defense aftermarket revenue growth also outpaced defense OEM growth. Total defense bookings continued the recent trend and were up significantly over prior year and have similarly outpaced sales by a nice margin. This is a similar narrative to fiscal year '18, but we are now seeing those bookings materialize in the sales. 
Moving to profitability. I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA As Defined. EBITDA As Defined of about $487 million for Q1 was up 21% versus prior Q1. EBITDA As Defined margin in the quarter was 49% of revenues. This includes 1 margin point of dilution from the fiscal year '18 acquisitions of Kirkhill, Extant and Skandia. Excluding the acquisitions, margins improved approximately 2.5 points year-over-year for the same period. Margin improvement progress is always important to us. It indicates that our base business continues to find opportunities to drive improvement within our value drivers. We are relentless in our approach to value generation. 
Turning now to 2019 guidance. We are modestly increasing our fiscal year 2019 full year sales and EBITDA guidance, both by $20 million to reflect our strong first quarter results. However, until we see more data, we are not updating the full year market assumption at this time as the underlying fundamentals do not seem to have meaningfully changed. The midpoint of our fiscal year 2019 revenue guidance is now $4.19 billion. The revenue guidance is still based on the following market channel growth rate assumptions. We expect the commercial aftermarket revenue growth of mid- to high single-digit percent versus prior year, commercial OEM revenue growth in the low to mid-single-digit percent range and defense military revenue growth of mid- to high single-digit percent versus prior year. 
The midpoint of fiscal year 2019 EBITDA As Defined guidance is now $2.09 billion, with an expected margin of around 50%. This includes approximately 1 margin point of dilution for the recent acquisitions purchased in fiscal year '18, implying our pre-fiscal year '18 core is now at about 51% margin. 
We are increasing the midpoint of our adjusted EPS to $0.50 to $16.76 per share, primarily resulting from higher EBITDA guidance and slightly lower interest expense. Mike will discuss in more detail shortly.
Finally, let me briefly speak to our organization structure with the impending completion of the Esterline acquisition, the need for experienced leadership increases. To account for this, we have moved Jim Skulina, a long-term TransDigm operations executive, and most recently, our interim CFO, to lead the financial integration of Esterline. And additionally, added 2 seasoned executive vice presidents, Joel Reiss and Pete Palmer, to also be part of the Esterline acquisition integration team reporting to Bob Henderson. To backfill this need, we have promoted Paula Wheeler to Executive Vice President. Paula has been with TransDigm since 1995 and has served in a number of leadership roles. She was most recently President of Aero Fluid Products for the past 7 years. As a reminder, we promoted Rodrigo Rubiano and Alex Feil in early 2018 to build capacity in the EVP ranks for expected acquisitions. As always, we continue to focus on developing a deep bench of diverse culture carriers for future succession needs. 
With that, I would now like to turn it over to our new Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman.

And Carter, on the A380, I read the same announcements and news. We're starting to study what, if any, real impact that would be, the A380 rates have come down quite a bit over the last little while, so effective and real. So the contribution on our numbers is not huge. So we need to study that more and have a better answer on the future.

I do not have a sense for that, to be honest. I think that it's been held pretty closely, so I don't have better insight there.

I think we're looking at all of our value drivers coming into play. It's all of contributions, whether it's we're driving value, pricing or productivity or winning new business. So it's really everything. I can't comment that one is more successful than the other in the current quarter.

Given the size of the acquisition, Rob, I don't think the fees are any different than what we thought would be.

We are patient.

Don't have much to add there, but to say that the succession planning has been an important part of this company's process for quite a long time, and we've been focused on adding talent, developing talent for quite a while. So I do not think we're tapped out organizationally on what we can take on. As Nick said, we would probably wait a little while to bite off another Esterline-sized acquisition if that came along today. But the general course of business flow, we continue to stay in the acquisition market and believe we are not tapped out on bandwidth. It's really has a lot to do with the way we integrate businesses, and our decentralized control allows us to have more bandwidth to take on acquisitions.

We don't comment on the individual pieces, do we? Yes, they're about the same, but we don't comment about the exact magnitude.

Yes, the outlook, I think, that's right, Mike? It must have just changed.

Yes, that's same thing I saw last week.

Yes, I think the defense aftermarket business would fall into your shorter-term horizon bucket. We are seeing stronger performance there in terms of bookings growth. Yes, I think we're looking at the guidance, as I said in the prepared comments, one quarter, it's hard to develop a trend from that, need to see some more data points to evaluate the market segments. Certainly, it's encouraging so far, and maybe we're just being conservative.

I think what I would say is we're just being cautious. We're 1 quarter in, and we'd like to see some more. The bookings were strong in the quarter, as we commented, up 20%. I did comment that maybe some of the freight fundamentals were not as strong. We've seen some -- going forward, maybe that will ease a bit in growth in the future, maybe, I was just trying to provide some color for the future that it may not be as rosy as the bookings might indicate. The interiors market, discretionary interiors, a little soft to start the year, but that's anticipated to come back strong in the second half. So I mean, I think we feel comfortable with our mid- to high single-digits guidance around the commercial aftermarket segment. If we continue to see strong bookings, the bulk of which are still book and ship in the quarter, then we'll look to evaluate that in the future. But one quarter does not a trend make yet.

No.

Well, it isn't yet. I just -- I see the same fundamental that you see in FTKs cooling -- slowing down, maybe some concerns about the macroeconomic trade environment, I don't know. So I'm just cautious there, that I was -- we -- I think we're all surprised that freight was as strong as it was in the quarter. Just commenting that, that strength may not continue. But I don't have any indication to say that it's cooling, except the fundamentals of the market.

Kirkhill continues to perform well. We've seen some improvements since ownership. We don't comment on the margins or the individual details, but we've seen gradual improvement there as we plan. So I think Nick or I, or we've all talked about Kirkhill was a nice lab experiment for Esterline, and it continues to perform well. So we're happy with what we've got there and the way it's performing.

Yes, let me read the exact quote here back, just so I'm not confusing myself. I said, business jet and helicopter OEM revenues make up 20%. The revenues in this combined market were up over 20% compared to the same period. Bookings in this submarket outpaced sales in total, with strong business jet bookings, but weaker helicopter bookings. So that's what I said. What was the question again about?

Well, we see strong bookings. They're largely -- or they are in the business jet sector and it's large-format cabins mostly. That's what we're seeing. We're seeing some slowness in orders on the helicopters side. So that's -- the bookings are strong, sales are up, but we do see some weakness there. Again, I'm trying to comment, provide a little color on the fundamentals of the business jet. We do see growing OEM demand large form factor, of course, but just look for the stability in the market and the takeoff and landing cycles has not been robust. We're not seeing a tremendous amount of growth there, so we're cautious. And I'm just trying to highlight much like in the freight market, some caution around the future.

Obviously, Mike's -- I would add there. Obviously, Mike's significant background of private equity was a very attractive attribute to us.

No, nothing is giving us pause. We are just -- the same concerns about raising guidance, one data point does not alignment make. So if it continues this way and we see future quarters, we would look to revise. But right now, maybe it's just conservative, but we're leaving it as is for right now.

I think it's important in this business to recognize that revenues can, at times, be lumpy. They can be really strong and unexpectedly strong at times one quarter to the next. It's a lumpy business. It has to do with managing of inventories and the supply chain and other factors. So yes, we, again, want to be appropriately conservative in the way we look at this. Not seeing concerns in the future, but just wanted to appropriately conservative without getting ourselves ahead.

No. Actually, there weren't any. On the OEM side, commercial OEM, we did see a return of wide-bodies that we had seen some related softness to last year. I think I was a little surprised that the amount of narrow-body orders that came in as well. So I think orders and sales are both pointing to better wide-body and narrow-body performance.

I actually don't think we're going to approach it really all that different. We are going to have a focused team to work on it. We're putting some dedicated resources on it, but we're going to use the same integration playbook that we always use. And we have some resources to apply to it, both in finance, as you've heard. There's obviously other folks that were able to dedicate to the Esterline integration team, senior group controllers and the like that will help round out the team. We've been, I think, planning for something significant for a while and putting resources in place, stretching folks, getting our EVPs ready. We have another wave of potential folks ready, depending on what's needed. So the succession planning and people development as a way of business is really what we've been working on for a very long time. So I don't feel -- I'm not as concerned on the resource side. And I think we will have the people to put on the Esterline integration team to make it successful.

I don't have a lot of additional color to offer on that. It tends to come out in time. I think the repair and overhaul market has been solid for us. You're directionally correct in your passenger segment of the commercial transport. It was a strong quarter for us, and we continue to see good opportunity, both on MRO, repairs, overhaul and spare parts. The outside, the look through sales for the distribution sales, the POS for them, remains very strong as well.

We have seen some limited supply hiccups. Generally speaking, we try to cover that with inventory buffers and our own work in progress to ensure that we can survive that. But yes, we've seen some limited -- I don't want to say that we've seen none of that. I think it's isolated to a few areas mostly around chemical processing, outside processing, not fundamental across the business. So we've seen a little bit of that. But so far, we're handling it.

We don't have any tariff impact in our guidance at all. And so far, we haven't seen anything significant. .

It's whatever we gave in the beginning of the year. 6% to 7% range, [indiscernible] falls within in long-term guidance range.

Whatever gave at the beginning of the year plus the bump.

No, nothing other than our normal approach to driving productivity on a daily basis, daily, weekly, monthly. It's a constant process other than our normal approach, nothing specific that we could call out. So we're always looking to drive productivity and contain cost across our businesses.

That was not an issue. I did not know that ahead of time that we would have such strong OE and you have to overcome that. There was no special one-timers in the quarter that helped our profitability. So yes, there was none of that. The commercial OE helped deliver what it did. We saw the increases on the defense side and on the defense aftermarket side. Those all contributed, including commercial OE to our profitability.

That's right, yes. And it also takes more headcounts, there's a lot of volume there. The commercial OE side of the house, yes, we have to watch that closely.

Yes, we have not seen any change in approach from OEMs asking for anything different than the approach that we always see. Nothing new.