Good morning, and thanks for calling in today. First, I'll start off with the usual quick overview of our strategy and then a few comments about the quarter and a discussion of our fiscal 2022 outlook, then Jorge and Mike will give additional color on the quarter. To reiterate, we are unique in the industry in both the consistency of our strategy in good and bad times as well as our steady focus on intrinsic shareholder value creation through all phases of the aerospace cycle. 
To summarize here are some of the reasons why we believe this. About 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary products and over 3/4 of our net sales come from products, which we believe we are the sole source provider. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which generally have significantly higher margins and over any extended period have typically provided relative stability in the downturns. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. Specifically, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. 
We utilize a simple, well-proven, value-based operating methodology. We have a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system, closely aligned with shareholders. Next, we acquire businesses that fit this strategy where we see a clear path to PE-like returns. And finally, our capital structure and allocations are a key part of our value creation methodology. Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. 
To do this, we stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital. As you saw from our earnings release, we had a good quarter, considering the market environment. We continue to see recovery in the commercial aerospace market and are encouraged by the trends in air traffic among other factors. Our Q1 fiscal results show positive growth in comparison to the same period in fiscal 2021 as we are lapping the first quarter of 2021, which was heavily impacted by the pandemic and prior to the widespread availability of vaccines. Although our results have improved, they continue to be unfavorably affected in comparison to prepandemic levels as the demand for air travel remains depressed. 
However, the continued improvement in global air traffic despite emergence of a new COVID-19 variant in late 2021 is encouraging. It further illustrates the pent-up demand for air travel and bodes well for the momentum of the commercial aerospace recovery in 2022. To date, the recovery has remained primarily driven by domestic leisure travel, although we are optimistic for recovery of international travel as many governments across the world have softened travel restrictions. Even the travel restrictions reimposed by certain governments during the months of December due to the Omicron variant are now starting to ease, which is again an encouraging sign. In our business, we saw another quarter of sequential improvement in our commercial markets, with total commercial aftermarket revenues up 10% over Q4 of fiscal 2021 and bookings up more than 15% compared to Q4. 
Commercial OEM bookings came in even stronger with almost 20% sequential improvement over Q4. I am also very pleased that despite the challenging commercial environment, our EBITDA as defined margin was 47.3% in the quarter. Contributing to this better-than-expected margin is the continued recovery in our commercial aftermarket revenues as well as the careful management of our cost structure and focus on our operating strategy. 
This was achieved despite the emergence of the Omicron variant during the quarter. Additionally, we continued to generate significant cash in Q1. We had strong operating cash flow generation of almost $280 million and closed the quarter with a little over $4.8 billion of cash. We expect to steadily generate significant additional cash throughout the remainder of 2022. 
Next, an update on our capital allocation activities and priorities. We are now at a decision point with regard to our sizable cash balance, which is now approaching $5 billion. Consistent with our history, when we have a significant amount of cash available, we aim to get that back to the shareholders in one form or another. At this time we're still in the process of evaluating our capital allocation options with regard to any significant acquisitions, share buybacks and dividends. 
All 3 options are on the table each individually, but then also potentially in some combination over the next 12 months. Any significant M&A, share buyback and/or dividend activity will still leave the company with substantial liquidity and the financial flexibility to deal with any currently anticipated capital requirements or other opportunities in the readily foreseeable future. 
We continue to look at possible M&A opportunities and are always attentive to our capital allocation. Both the M&A and capital markets are always difficult to predict, but especially so in these times. Regarding the current M&A pipeline, we are still actively looking for M&A opportunities that fit our model. We continue to see a pickup in acquisition opportunity activity, but it's still slower than pre-COVID. We have a decent pipeline of possibilities as usual, mostly in the small midsize range. I cannot predict or comment on possible closings, we remain confident that there is a long runway for acquisitions that fit our portfolio. 
Now moving to our outlook for 2022. We are still not in a position to provide full financial guidance as a result of the continued disruption in our primary commercial end markets. We continue to be encouraged by the recovery we have seen in our commercial aftermarket revenues and the strong bookings received for both commercial OEM and aftermarket in Q1. We will look to reinstitute guidance when we have a clearer picture of the future. We continue to expect COVID-19 to have an adverse impact on our financial results compared to prepandemic levels throughout the remainder of fiscal 2022 under the assumption that both our commercial OEM and aftermarket customer demand will remain depressed due to lower worldwide air travel. Although recent positive trends in commercial air traffic could impact us favorably. 
To reiterate what we said on the Q4 earnings call, our teams are still planning for our commercial aftermarket revenue to grow in the 20% to 30% range. We expect our commercial OEM revenue to grow significantly as well, but at a rate slightly less than the commercial aftermarket. As you know, we aim to be conservative and would be happy to have both of these end markets rebound more strongly. To reiterate, these are planning assumptions for organizational purposes and not guidance. 
As for the defense market, we still expect defense revenue growth in the low single-digit percent range from fiscal 2022 versus prior year despite the slow start to the year. Jorge will provide more color on our defense end market. We now expect full year fiscal 2022 EBITDA margin to be slightly north of 47% due to the rate of commercial aftermarket recovery. Please note that our Q1 EBITDA margin was stronger than anticipated, and we may see less year-over-year margin improvement for Q2 and expect margins to move up throughout the second half of the fiscal year. 
As a final note, this margin guidance includes the unfavorable headwind of our Cobham acquisition of about 0.5%. We believe we are well positioned for the remainder of fiscal 2022. As usual, we'll closely watch the aerospace and capital markets as they develop and will react accordingly. Mike will provide details on other fiscal 2022 financial assumptions and updates. 
Now shifting gears for a moment to nonfinancial matters. I'd like to touch on our DoD IG audit report, which was released in mid-December. As we expected and communicated, the audit scope and results were similar to prior audits. The report found no legal wrongdoing on behalf of Transdigm or any of our employees. The report asked for a purely voluntary refund of approximately $21 million. We disagree with many of the implications contained in the report as well as the methodology used to arrive at many of the report's conclusions. We also disagree with the use of arbitrary standards and analysis, which render many areas of the report inaccurate and misleading. Additionally, at the request of the House Oversight and Reform Committee, we participated in a hearing on January 19 to discuss the results of the audit. 
Going forward, we will continue to work with the IG, the DLA and any other relevant parties to evaluate the results of this audit. The U.S. government and the U.S. warfighter remain top priorities for Transdigm. At this time, we are engaged directly with the DLA and do not have any further update on whether or not we expect to pay all or a portion of the $21 million voluntary refund request. 
Finally, I wanted to announce the retirement of our Vice Chairman, Bob Henderson. He retired at the end of first fiscal quarter. Bob has been a key member of the Transdigm management team for over 25 years and a significant partner in the company's growth during the entire period. He served in a range of roles over his years with Transdigm, including as President of several operating units, Executive Vice President, COO of Transdigm's Airframe Business Group and most recently, Vice Chairman, where he oversaw the integration of the operating units acquired as part of the Esterline transaction. We wish Bob well in his retirement. 
Let me conclude by stating that I'm pleased with the company's performance in this challenging time for the commercial aerospace industry and with our commitment to driving value for our stakeholders. As always, we remain focused on executing our operating strategy and managing our cost structure as we continue on this journey to a full recovery of the commercial aerospace industry. We look forward to the remainder of our fiscal 2022 and expect that our consistent strategy will continue to provide the value you have come to expect from us. 
Now let me hand it over to Jorge to review our performance and a few other items.

We can't hear you, Myles. Sorry, we can't hear you.

There you go.

New headset.

I don't think we'd see anything that's keeping the pace that we know about. That's really the issue with sticking our neck out and giving guidance is that there's still a lot of unknowns. Omicron variants pop up. I think it's -- we're just communicating our planning purposes that we're using to staff accordingly. We hope that it's conservative.

Jorge, do you want to take the destocking question first?

And on the second part of your question, the specifics of what drove the remaining 6% decline in the base Transdigm defense business. It's a mixed bag of both supply chain issues, but that also are planning to have been down this first quarter. We knew some of this was coming for us and that Q1 would be a little bit weaker this year. But I don't think we want to get into specifics of exactly what drove it, but it was a combo of the two.

We still feel...

Yes, I don't think...

We've seen -- this is Kevin. We've seen some inflationary pressures. We've seen some supply chain issues, I think, in electronic components and castings. But it's not across the whole industry yet, but it's something we're watching closely.

No. Widebody is not so idle that it would be problematic to get it up. Narrowbody's done better than widebody and business jet has been very good. I think that's generally how we would describe it. But there's nothing more specific about widebody that would make it difficult to bring the manufacturing up. Jorge, do you want to -- anything you want to add to that?

And Jorge, would it be fair to say that biz jet is the most recovered or narrowbody?

Biz jet.

I would tell you that Q1 was strong and the order book was strong. Was it stronger than we anticipated? Yes, maybe a little bit. But I don't think there's any indication that things will slow down necessarily. I don't have any indication that people are front-loading maintenance work or buying spares ahead. That's usually not the way the industry operates. I think this will continue as long as flight activity continues.

Yes. With the defense surging over the last couple years, we saw a lot more defense opportunities in the M&A space. With the commercial market being so depressed right now, I think there hasn't been as many commercial opportunities that have come along on the M&A front, but that's starting to change. We're starting to see more of the commercial properties that we covet. So we will look for more of those as we go forward. It's always difficult to predict when things will close. We frequently are looking at businesses and don't get to the point of closing for some reason, but we're optimistic right now.

I think they did in some places get worse. We are definitely struggling on some of the electronic components. We're seeing inflation, supply chain issues on those, but right now, I think, limited to electronics and casting. The casting industry has definitely been hurt coming back up after the slowdown.

Well, I think it's OE build rates. Our largest customers still haven't given guidance, still haven't given us a forecast. This matters to us because, as Jorge alluded to, all of our hiring and staffing is really related to OEM build rates. So it's really difficult to forecast that if you're not getting any guidance. 
Aftermarket, we also feel very optimistic that it's moving in the right direction. We're seeing more takeoff and landings, revenue passenger miles. By any metric, it continues to improve, but it is lumpy around the world. I think that's what gives us pause in issuing guidance. It's really a lack of clarity on the market. We saw Omicron come out of nowhere in Q1 in our first quarter, largely out of nowhere and saw it really impact. So it's difficult for us to forecast the future when there are so many unknowns. So that's where we come down.

I'll be happy to talk to that one. We have not seen any material impact from the IG audit release or the hearing. Again, we're touching base with the teams. As we've mentioned in prior calls, we continue to be directly engaged with the DoD and the DLA. And we've formed this working group. We think that has been beneficial to both parties over the last 2 years. So we have not seen any material impact as a result of either of those 2 activities.

We don't have that split out by different segments in our bookings. It's too difficult to see that. We just look at ourselves as market weighted. And as widebodies start to fly more and are utilized more, certainly we will have to up-gauge our manufacturing there, but I don't think we see it as a concern for us right now.

Sure. We always look at all uses of cash. And I think we've always communicated that the first and primary use is to invest in our own businesses. Secondarily is M&A. Next comes capital allocation back out to our shareholders. And then the last priority would be paying down debt. I don't think the debt environments have changed enough for us to modify our strategy. It may happen one day, but it's certainly not yet.

Absolutely.

Well, on the margin side, we don't want to give quarterly guidance. We're not there yet. So I don't want to give margin guidance on a per quarter basis. I don't see anything out there that concerns me about Q2 and as we go forward. We just aren't issuing guidance, and we had a very strong Q1. So it's just the normal conservatism in our commentary.

Yes. I think that's what we would have to get to. So the math we'll share what -- given the slow start, this will be more of a stretch for us for the year, but we still feel confident enough to leave it there. As the business generally recovers, as Cobham starts to grow, I think this will rectify itself.

Yes. It is a lot of art and not science on that. So we do look as we go forward of if we pay a dividend today, how could we finance anything that we see coming along on the horizon? Or sometimes there are surprise acquisitions that come up, how could you deal with them. So there's always a bit of art and looking at what's happening as we go forward. Given that we're starting to recover in the commercial markets and we're starting to see more commercial opportunities, it may be that we want to be a little more thoughtful about paying out a huge dividend today and looking at the opportunities that are coming.
This is all in our thought process right now as we're evaluating what we should do over the next 12 months to get this excess cash out, as I said, some combination of M&A, share buybacks and dividends will be utilized as we always have. You can go back and look at our previous history, we did buybacks. We've always -- we've been very engaged in dividends. We do a lot of M&A transactions. So nothing has changed. The market is very volatile right now. There's a lot happening.

It's really a lack of willingness to sell. It's a lack of opportunities of properties that you are interested in. There is -- yes, there's not a lot of them when the commercial market is so depressed, people would not be able to sell at the same price they could have before COVID. So they're trying to see that things get back to that space. 
As far as paying up on transactions, I never like to speculate. I think if things match our criteria, if a business matches our criteria, we would look very strongly at it. And so for us, it is staying disciplined in our M&A process. Our M&A models are the same. We are looking at businesses the same way as always.

Yes. I think it's probably an artifact of doing business with the U.S. government, the DoD. There are many audits that happen constantly amongst defense contractors and suppliers to the government of all kinds. I think this is part of the nature of doing business, and we have to get used to it. I think that the work that Jorge has done with the working groups with the DLA, DoD will certainly help this. It's a communication gap, I think, and we will continue to work this issue and improve it, I think, as we go forward.

Yes. I think we're not as worried. If upside comes, remember, aftermarket is more -- is less labor dependent than is the OEM side. I think the bell curve is pretty wide in expectations. We're just trying to guide to what are some of the possibilities so that people can plan accordingly. For us to be successful in this environment, we must be nimble. We must react quickly and that's what we're good at. So I think the 20% to 30% planning is appropriate. It was difficult for us to think that we would have to plan for something larger than that. At the time that seemed like a huge growth from where we were with what we knew. I think in general, we're less worried about the aftermarket curve ramp-up than we are about the OEM side. It's why it's difficult, again, for us to give guidance without that OEM knowledge plan.

Yes, I think we're not guiding on a quarter-by-quarter basis. We're looking at it for the year, and we're comfortable with low single digits in defense and we'll see how it plays out.

Yes, I can't comment on this quarter. We're just into it. I think you can look at last quarter and see the improvement in OEM bookings and aftermarket bookings. The fact that we're booking more than we're shipping and our shipments are up 49% in the aftermarket, these are all encouraging signs to momentum building.

Yes. In general, we saw a little bit of an increase in inflation in Q1, primarily on electronic components, not so much on labor, although we would anticipate, obviously, given the macro indications that labor will feel that inflationary pressure throughout the year. In general, our goal with pricing is to institute price increases above inflation, so real price increases. That philosophy has not changed in this environment. Ultimately, with the higher inflation, we've got to pass on some of that to the customer base, and that's done at the operating unit level and the teams are doing their best job to get in front of that, knowing that the inflationary pressures will likely continue to increase throughout the balance of the year.

Yes. I don't have the specific monthly data. Really, we look at it across the quarter. The aftermarket recovery can be lumpy in nature as well, and we saw good sequential improvement quarter-over-quarter.