Thanks, Nick. Today, I will first provide my regular review of results by key market and profitability of the business for the quarter, and then cover outlook and some COVID-19-related topics. 
We are pleased with the solid Q2 results, particularly considering the increasingly difficult global economy and commercial aerospace industry. In Q2, we saw a modest unfavorable impact to our commercial aftermarket and OEM sales for the COVID-19 pandemic as approximately the last 3 weeks of the quarter were negatively impacted. Despite these headwinds, our second quarter operations, specifically revenue and EBITDA As Defined, expanded compared to Q2 last year, due in part to positive organic growth as well as continued acquisition integration and our announced preemptive cost reduction actions. Q2 GAAP revenues were up approximately 24% versus prior year Q2, and EBITDA As Defined was up 19% versus the prior year, with margins approaching 47% of revenue. Mike will provide more details on the financials later. 
Now we will review our revenues by market category. For the remainder of the call, I will provide color commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2019. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. Please note that this market analysis discussion includes the results of the former Esterline businesses. We began to include Esterline in this market analysis discussion in the first quarter of fiscal 2020. 
In the commercial market, which makes up close to 65% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. Our total commercial OEM market revenue declined approximately 3% in Q2 when compared with Q2 of fiscal year 2019. The decline in the quarter did reflect a minimal headwind from the impact of the ongoing 737 MAX production halt and early OEM declines related to the pandemic. It is already clear that the COVID-19 pandemic will have a significant negative impact on the commercial OEM market. We are under the assumption that the demand for our commercial OEM products will be significantly reduced during the second half of fiscal 2020 due to reductions in OEM production rates and airlines deferring or canceling new aircraft orders. Longer term, the impact of COVID-19 is fluid and continues to evolve, but we anticipate significant negative impacts on our commercial OEM market for some uncertain period of time. 
Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenues grew by approximately 1% over the prior year quarter. In the quarter, flat commercial transport aftermarket was driven by stronger growth in passenger and interior submarkets, offset by a decline in the commercial transport freight market. Our quarterly commercial aftermarket bookings were down over 10% versus prior year quarter. Most of the decline came in March of this year, but likely does not paint the correct picture for the remainder of the fiscal year as we expect a sharper decline in the second half. There was a rapid and dramatic decline in demand for air travel during our Q2 as global restrictions on business and shelter-in-place orders went into effect in response to COVID 19. This led to a significant reduction in global flight capacity and parked aircraft across the world. To hit a few of these points, global revenue passenger miles are at unprecedented lows as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. IATA recently forecast a 48% decrease in revenue passenger miles in calendar year 2020 compared to 2019. For cargo demand, this was already weaker prior to the COVID-19 crisis as FTKs have declined from reaching an all-time high in 2017. However, a loss of passenger belly cargo due to COVID-19 flight restrictions could provide some unexpected opportunities. 
Business jet utilization data was already pointing to stagnant growth before this economic downturn. So now, during this pandemic and in the aftermath, the outlook for business jets is more unpredictable and certainly weaker. As the COVID-19 situation is ongoing, the duration and severity of the pandemic are still unclear and long-term impacts for the commercial aftermarket are hard to predict. 
Now let me speak about our defense market, which is just over 35% of our total revenue. The defense market, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, was about flat compared to the prior year Q2. As a reminder, we are lapping tougher prior year comparisons as our defense revenue accelerated in most of fiscal 2019. Year-to-date defense bookings have surpassed our expectations, driven primarily by very robust defense OEM booking growth. Total defense bookings have solidly outpaced year-to-date sales. Although bookings grew across most of the businesses, APKWS and parachute-related bookings were especially strong in the quarter. With continued good order flow in defense, we anticipate any favorable trends in the immediate future will come from this segment. 
Now moving to profitability. I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance, or EBITDA As Defined. EBITDA As Defined of about $675 million for Q2 was up 19% versus prior Q2. EBITDA As Defined Margin in the quarter was just under 47%. Our EBITDA As Defined Margin expanded both sequentially and over the prior year period as a result of our cost mitigation efforts and a consistent focus on our operating strategy. Excluding Esterline, margins in our legacy business improved both sequentially as well as over the prior year quarter. 
On Esterline, we are now over a year post close. The integration continues to progress, and to date, the acquisition is exceeding our expectations for growth in this largest of TransDigm acquisitions. As we have stated in the past, we will now no longer refer to any Esterline-specific metrics as these businesses have now become part of the fabric of TransDigm. 
Now moving to second half 2020. In light of the uncertainty around the ultimate impact of COVID-19 on global market and economic conditions in the highly fluid commercial aerospace industry, we still feel it is too early to provide forward-looking guidance at the current time. As Nick said, once we have a better picture, we'll reinstitute guidance. 
However, I wanted to provide a bit more detail on the end market conditions we assumed for the second half of our fiscal 2020. This is not guidance. We always have a bias to act quickly and rightsize the cost structure when required. When completing the organizational rightsizing analysis that drove the reduction in force levels implemented to date, we assume the following with regard to the organization sizing needs for the second half of fiscal 2020. Again, organization sizing: Commercial aftermarket declines of approximately 70% to 80%; commercial OE declines of 25% to 40%; and defense growth in the mid-single digits, which is in line with our prior guidance for the defense end market. 
Next, I would like to review our COVID-19 response and expectations in more detail. As mentioned, we currently expect COVID-19 to have a significant adverse impact on our sales, EBITDA As Defined and net income for the second half of fiscal 2020, under the assumption that the COVID-19 outbreak will negatively impact our nondefense customers and their demand for our products and services during the second half of fiscal 2020, particularly in the commercial aftermarket. As Nick said earlier, we remain confident in our business model over the long term and are focused on mitigating the impact of COVID-19 to our business while supporting customers and employees. 
Since the early days of the outbreak, we have been following guidance from the World Health Organization and the U.S. Center for Disease Control to protect employees and prevent the spread of the virus within all of our facilities globally. Some of the actions implemented include: flexible work-from-home scheduling; alternate shift schedules; pre-shift temperature screenings, where allowed by law; social distancing; appropriate PPE; facility deep cleaning; and paid quarantine time for impacted employees. Most of our facilities remain in operation even if some are operating at reduced levels, as they are deemed essential businesses by government entities since we are the sole provider for many programs, including critical defense platforms. We are committed to preserving the health and safety of our employees while continuing to meet our customer commitments. 
In an effort to assist in the fight against COVID-19, certain of our businesses have begun producing medical equipment that is critically needed during the global pandemic. Our AmSafe Restraints business is producing respirators and surgical gowns, while Mason is producing face shields. We are grateful for this ability to contribute to the fight against COVID-19. 
Now before we move to specific cost-cutting measures that Nick mentioned, it is important to understand that we view a very high percent of our costs as variable; costs, meaning revenue less EBITDA. Roughly half of our spending is related to materials, including production materials or subcontractor services that are production-related, including plating, painting, machining. Those costs should largely flex with volumes. 
The next big bucket is people and benefits, or direct items related to employment, and is more than 1/3 but less than 40% of our costs, and the remaining 10% to 15% of costs include all other. We monitor these costs closely, and as such, let me highlight some specific cost savings actions we have taken in response to the reduced demand and uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
These cost mitigation efforts were previously disclosed but worth reviewing. An additional reduction in force to align operations with customer demand. These actions are incremental to the cost mitigation efforts previously implemented in the second quarter of fiscal 2020, mainly, in response to the 737 MAX production rate changes, and brings our total workforce reduction since our last earnings call to approximately 22% to 25% versus planned head count levels. 
Furloughs. We're implementing 1- to 8-week furloughs at many businesses over the next 6 months in response to specific situations and substantially reducing cash compensation for the senior management team for the balance of fiscal 2020, and the Board of Directors will forgo their annual retainer fees. We will continue to vigilantly monitor our operations and external events and keep the market updated on developments as appropriate. 
So let me conclude by stating I am pleased with the speed at which TransDigm has responded to the COVID-19 pandemic, taking immediate actions to protect employees from the spread of the virus while also dealing with the harsh reality confronting the broader commercial aerospace industry in the near term. While the actions that the current circumstances require ranging from broad cost reductions to furloughs and a rightsizing of the employee base are difficult to implement, I have no doubt that we will better position the company to endure and emerge more strongly from the ongoing weakness in our primary commercial end markets. 
With that, I'll now turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Michael Lisman.

So this is related to a market weighting. We believe we're market-weighted across our business in the platforms that we support, so we're not overexposed to any one platform or other. Obviously, as planes get older, as platforms get older, they do become slightly more profitable over time as we've been able to work our value drivers on them. But since we think of ourselves as market-weighted, we're not as concerned right now. We'll have to see how this plays out. Right now, it's all speculation. Our plan in this, Carter, is to follow the revenue stream closely, look at the order book and react accordingly as aggressively and quickly as possible. The speculation side of this is always hard for us to rationalize. But again, we believe we are market-weighted or distributed across the platforms that are sold and used today and not overexposed to any one. Certainly, there is going to be some impact in the future, but we're just going to have to weigh that as it comes about.

We did look at that. And what I'll tell you is that I think it aligns with our sizing assumptions for that 1 month period. Now 1 month does not 6 months make, so we'll have to keep a close eye on it. But it aligns more or less with our sizing assumptions.

The only thing I would say about older products is they're slightly more profitable. It's not like it's a wild difference. I do believe we're market-weighted on this. I don't believe we're overexposed to any platform product. Certainly, MD-80s, we might expect will go away. That is going to have a small impact to us, of course, but we think that it's weighted by the market. There's not that many of them out there. That's our answer today on this. We just need to keep watching. The best thing you can use to analyze the market is the order stream coming in, and that's what we need to follow closely and to ensure we're getting ahead of the cost side as well as where there's opportunity for additional sales, where there's opportunity both on the defense and in the commercial space. There are still opportunities that you need to capitalize on.

So we analyzed this a couple years ago, and we found it hard to see any areas where USM was a real concern, a drag on revenue or growth. Certainly, there may be some spots, a part number here or there. But broadly speaking, we did not see USM as a real competitor to our aftermarket business. We've looked at USM since then regularly. We've looked at buying parts out of the used and serviceable market, and we've not seen that there's much available out there or much we can do to impact that market. 
So we've heard the same concern that as planes are retired, more of them will be put into the USM market, will be parted out. That's possible. We haven't seen that as a large drag on our revenue historically. It's something we've talked to all of our teams about to make sure that they're looking for these opportunities or looking for inventory of their parts out there. And we'll have to carefully watch that. Again, historically, USM, not a big concern. I don't know if it will morph into that today. Generally speaking, the way we have analyzed this and what we've heard from the market, $5,000 to $10,000 needs to be the average sale price. Most of our parts, the lion's share of our parts fall well below that. I believe we've communicated prior that about $1,000 average sale price, at least a couple of years ago, it just puts our parts not in the USM available market, generally speaking. So it's something we will watch closely. But right now, I'm not as concerned about the parting out of planes impacting us. That may happen, and we will have to react to it.

Yes. We're really all over the place. Some of our parts get replaced by time on wing. Others, it's number of cycles. Others, it's like seatbelts or passenger-related, passenger volume-related, not takeoff and landings. So we've looked at this across the board and not really seen any trend that we need to exploit or there's an opportunity to.

So Mike will handle the pro forma organic growth question, and then I can handle the second part.

It's not materially different for either business. As far as Esterline performance goes, much like first quarter, Esterline performed very well in -- across the board, really. But certainly, on the aftermarket side, they performed well. So I think they're fitting into the general performance window of our legacy businesses, as they should. They're sort of products that fit the same mold as the rest of TransDigm. So they're performing very well in the market.

Yes. Say that question again. Can you say that one more time?

They are. And we have gone to them and asked for head count reductions and furloughs and cost containment, and they've been able to respond just like the rest of our businesses. So they're very much in tune to what needs to be done. They're seeing the same market dynamics as our legacy business.

Mr. Khanna, are you there? I think he is not.

But I would say Mike got out really early in this whole process in talking to the controllers and our businesses, about watching AR and AP closely on these to ensure we didn't get overextended in debt or in basically extending credit to folks. And operationally, we're managing our inventory. We're looking at this very closely. As Mike was alluding to, it's going to take a little while for us to impact these and start bringing them down. You need production levels to bring inventory down, and it will happen. We're working on shutting off all the incoming taps and ensuring we're not expending too much credit to airline customers or distribution partners.

Yes. I would say on the price side, we will still manage our value drivers. And what we need to look at are where are the green shoots in the business. Is Asia coming back? Are they flying -- yes, they're starting to recover a little bit. It's still slow. As Nick said, the next few months, sharp decrease. And maybe it comes back a little bit in the following months. That's the way our profile might look like. But yes, 75%, 70% to 80% downturn in the aftermarket side is what we want.

I'll take a shot at it, and Nick can follow up. I think there's clearly inventory in the supply chain. We do not know how much. We know distribution, but we do not know MRO shops, airlines and the like, or for that matter, really what OEMs have. Clearly, the inventory overhang concerns us, and it's something we'll have to watch. This is the problem with a downturn like this, is you get a little bit of a double hit. I think given the aftermarket, I think people manage our inventory pretty closely, but I'm sure there's inventory out in the field that will need to be accounted for and will be a bit of a double hit as we manage through that initially.

Yes, that's right.

Reasonably well. Reasonably well. No significant change.

I think it's in line with the average. I'm sure there's still opportunities for productivity there across the board, but I think it's in line directionally.

Yes.

I would say most of our business is tied to flight hours or RPMs, takeoff and landing cycles. I think very little of our business is truly discretionary. I -- you can argue that seatbelts may be slightly -- because they can maybe live with them a little longer than they would want to. Worn floor tiles and marked walls, those are esthetics, and those are part of our Schneller and Pexco businesses, lighting at some of our businesses, bathroom fixtures. Some of those may be slightly more discretionary. That's what we've always said about our aftermarket. But we believe the lion's share of it is dependent on cycles or time or hours in the air. That's what we believe the bulk of our products are. So that's why, if not much of your aftermarket is discretionary, with even small amounts of flight travel, you're still going to get some aftermarket. That's what we count on.

Yes. I think that's a fair way to think about it. In total, we make less money on our defense business than we make on our commercial business. And the mix between OEM and aftermarket, a little different in defense, but directionally, what you're saying is correct. But not miles less. Miles -- yes. It's not a big difference.

Well, obviously, when this crystallizes, we will be able to issue guidance around what will happen in 2021 and 2022. Right now, we're trying to size the business for the next 6-month period so that we can attack it and be ready. When volumes and capacity and the like return, which Nick said, we think 18, 24 months, I think that's a fair way to look at it. So we'll see. But that's the way we're looking at it right now.

In terms of what?

We -- yes, I don't think we've ever disclosed that. So I don't know how to think about that. We -- wide-bodies are important to us. They tend to have slightly higher dollar ship set content, but the volume isn't there. So again, I come back to we're market-weighted in those in the aftermarket and in the OEM side. So for us, to follow the business, look at the order book and react, that's what we continue to try and do. I'm not sure I'm answering your question.

There's not. That's right.

I think it depends on business. In some businesses, it's very concentrated. In others, it's very diffuse, and we sell to Tier 2s and the like. So it's very diffuse, and I can't give you any more clarity around that.

Are you asking --

Yes. I don't think --

Specific percentages on profitability by end market, but we can say the commercial OE business, as we look at it, to the best of our abilities, it's a profitable business.

No. I don't know of anything that's nonrecurring, that -- the issue with defense is that it often can be nonrecurring. But right now, I don't know of any pieces. Our parachute business looks like it's well-aligned. International military sales continues strong. We haven't really seen any downturn out of any countries around that yet. So we think of the military as reasonably robust for the next 6 months to a year, and then we'll see. The problem with defense is it's lumpy. 
And this quarter, we commented on APKWS, the system turning dumb bombs into smart bombs. We sell a lot of product to APKWS, the advanced precision kill weapon system from BAE, and that comes in very lumpy orders.

Something lumpy comes all the time. And we had lumpy orders last year just in different quarters than we're getting them this year. So it makes the year-over-year comparisons bounce all over the place.

Yes.

The shipments are not lumpy --

Generally speaking.

There's -- I don't have a lot of -- I know that there's going to be an inventory overhang, and we tried to give you a range to hit that. So we do have some in there. The amount, it's hard to speculate on because we don't know how much inventory is held at Boeing or Airbus, for instance. We're not on min max bin schedules. So I don't know what amount they have, generally speaking, in their different products or buckets that they buy from us. So we -- again, looking at this 25% to 40% OEM reduction in the next 6 months will include some of the inventory overhang, but we don't know how much is really there.

Yes. I would -- my guess is it would be in the repair area is where we would see the first reloading as they're bringing planes that need to be serviced now to the service line. That's what my assumption is, but we'll have to see. Provisioning, as we've said in the past, isn't a huge driver for us for volume. There's certainly some here and there on some programs. But I think it's repair and spare parts that we would see, and I think it's probably going to be the repair. Nick, do you have a thought on that?

Yes.

I agree completely.

Thank you.