Thanks, Nick. Today, I will review our results by key market then discuss the profitability of the business for the quarter. I'll provide revised fiscal year guidance and review some other operational items.
As you have seen, we had a very strong third quarter, including another quarter of above-average organic growth. Mike will provide more details on the financials. But our third quarter operations, specifically revenue and EBITDA As Defined, were up substantially over last year. Q3 GAAP revenues were up 69% versus prior year Q3, and EBITDA As Defined was up 42% over the prior year, with margins at approximately 42% to revenue.
Now we will review our revenues by market category for the remainder of the call. I will provide color commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2018, that is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. Please note this market analysis excludes Esterline. We will begin to include the Esterline acquisition in our market analysis once we have validated the data as legacy TransDigm had a different market segmentation process. In the commercial market, which makes up close to 70% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket.
In our commercial OEM market, Q3 revenues increased approximately 10% when compared with Q3 of fiscal year 2018. Due to our year-to-date revenue growth of 10% and continued booking strength, we are increasing our commercial OEM full year revenue guidance to mid- to high single-digit growth from our previous guidance of mid-single-digit growth. Please note, this increased OEM guidance includes our expected impact from 737 MAX groundings and shipping delays and assumes we expect to be shipping at 42 aircraft units per month. We believe any impact from the MAX issues should not have a material impact on our financials this fiscal year.
Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenues grew by 8% over the prior year quarter and grew sequentially. In the quarter, commercial transport passenger growth of 9% was offset by a slower growth in the commercial transport freight submarket and business jets. Overall, commercial transport fundamentals continued to remain relatively strong, although a few items bear watching.
Global revenue passenger growth has decelerated slightly in the past few months, albeit growth is still near the long-term average. Additionally, cargo demand is weaker as FTKs have declined from reaching an all-time high in 2017. Business jet aftermarket growth has stagnated somewhat following a period of higher growth in 2018. Although we feel good about the overall commercial aftermarket, due to some of the items mentioned above, we maintain our commercial aftermarket guidance for high single-digit growth.
Now let me speak about our defense market, which is just over 30% of our total revenue. The defense market, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, was up approximately 19% over the prior year Q3. Revenue growth was distributed across most of our business units.
Last year, we reported strong defense bookings that we are continuing to see materialize into sales in both defense, OEM and defense aftermarket. However, we anticipate defense sales growth to temper in the fourth quarter from the robust growth experienced year-to-date and tougher comps in the prior year Q4 period. Due to higher-than-expected defense sales growth year-to-date, we are increasing our defense full year revenue guidance to grow in the low teens from our previous guidance of high single-digit growth.
Now let's move on to profitability. I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA As Defined. EBITDA As Defined of about $691 million for Q3 was up 42% versus prior Q3. This includes $134 million of Esterline contribution in the quarter. EBITDA As Defined margin in the quarter was approximately 42% of revenues, EBITDA in the quarter negatively impacted by acquisition dilution, primarily from Esterline, and the acquisitions purchased in fiscal year '18 as well as the payment of the $16 million voluntary refund. Excluding these items, our core margin was robust at 52.4% and improved both sequentially and over the prior year. Margin improvement progress is always important to us and indicates that our base businesses continue to find opportunities to drive improvement within our value drivers. We continue our relentless pursuit of value generation.
Now let's turn to 2019 guidance. We are increasing our sales and EBITDA guidance to reflect the strong results of our legacy TransDigm business and better-than-originally-modeled Esterline integration performance. The midpoint of our fiscal year 2019 revenue guidance is now $5.53 billion, an increase of $85 million. This revenue guidance is based on the revised market channel growth rate assumptions we just discussed for TransDigm legacy business, plus higher expectations for Esterline revenue. The midpoint of fiscal year 2019 EBITDA As Defined guidance is now $2.44 billion, an increase of $90 million with an expected margin of around 44%. If you add back the voluntary refund, about 40% of this increase is related to performance of our legacy business with the remainder attributable to Esterline. Excluding Esterline, the full year margin is expected to be around 50%.
We are increasing the midpoint of our adjusted EPS $1.28 to $18.09 per share, primarily from the increased EBITDA guidance. As Nick said earlier, we won't comment on 2020 guidance just yet. The revised guidance for this full year assumes that we own all of the Esterline business units for the remainder of fiscal year '19, so it includes a full fourth quarter contribution from Souriau. As mentioned in the press release announcing the sale of Souriau to Eaton, we do not expect these transactions to close until the first quarter of fiscal year 2020.
Now let me give you an update on the Esterline integration and expectations. After 6.5 months of ownership, the Esterline integration is progressing well. We continue to wind down the former corporate office activities in Bellevue, Washington. The phased workforce reduction there appeared to be working well as we migrate corporate job functions by the end of the calendar year. As noted before, we have equipped the Esterline integration team with senior TransDigm legacy EVPs who are teaching our culture and operating model around value generation to all new business units. We are making progress here, but as you know, culture change can be slow and requires constant reinforcement.
Although we do not share many specific details on a business unit, I believe we can use the considerable operations performance improvement at Kirkhill to illustrate how we are addressing the opportunity provided. During our time of Kirkhill ownership, we have followed our integration model, focused the team on the value drivers, invested capital well above historical levels, drove accountability and bias for action within our team and organized the business along business unit structures. Kirkhill provides a series of mission-critical seals for the Joint Strike Fighter program, and prior to TransDigm ownership, the Kirkhill contribution to the F-35 program was failing our OEM and DoD partners, and Kirkhill as a whole was losing significant money. Today, we have turned the company around, now making a solid profit. We have increased the F-35 output by almost 400% and have decreased our overdues by greater than 75% for this critical program, all within a short period of time. This is the true value we provide to our shareholders and customers. Our operations deliver highly engineered, quality products on time as expected.
Finally, during the second quarter, as Nick mentioned in the last earnings call, the Inspector General reports on a sample of our aftermarket parts was completed with no allegation of any wrongdoing. Though the high-level profitability was questioned, the report requested a $16 million voluntary refund. As you may be aware, the company decided to make the $16 million voluntary payment spread around various Department of Defense agencies, and this was included in our results this quarter. This was not an obligation of the company. It was not characterized as such and was clearly specified as not any admission of wrongdoing. However, in the interest of dealing with a good and important customer, we thought this was in the best interest of the company.
We have also been informed that there will be an additional Inspector General audit. At this time, we are unable to assess the timing or the exact scope of the audit. As in the past, we will not publicly comment on this audit along the way unless there is some substantial reason to do so.
As a reminder, direct sales to the U.S. government make up in the range of 6% to 8% of our annual revenues, depending on the year and whether you include distributors or not. Of this 6% to 8%, typically, about 1/4 we estimate to be competitive product and roughly another 10% is in contracts over $2 million covered by TINA, Truth in Negotiations, regulations that require certified cost data. Many, if not most, of our remaining direct military sales, we believe, fall under commercial designations, as expected, given our commercial product development pedigree.
So in summary, we are pleased with the Esterline acquisition thus far and with our strong operational performance, both in the quarter and year-to-date.
With that, I would now like to turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman.

Positively, I think the amount of opportunity we're finding. I think the way that the teams are identifying that with us and aggressively going after it, I think that has been just a breath of fresh air how much opportunity there is, both on improving the operations themselves and in productivity and other items. But really, in improving the operations, there's a tremendous amount of opportunity. But that's also the negative is that finding businesses that I think are, in times, need some more capital injection, need to redo their operations, drive accountability. I think it all fits well with the TransDigm model. I also think some of the morale is maybe a little lower than it could have been. So I think the teams are responding very well to our leadership and assistance we're providing.

Yes. That's difficult. So we will give guidance for 2020 next year. It's difficult for us as we're still unpacking this to give you a lot of guidance on that. So can we give 2020 guidance next earnings call? I know that it's difficult to model right now, but we're still trying to unpack and learn this as we go as well.

I think it's, in general, conservatism on our parts. That's what we're stressing right now as, again, we're learning and unpacking the Esterline businesses. We haven't seen anything, as Nick said, that alarms us, but we just don't want to get anyone ahead of our performance just yet.

I think it's something we wanted to note. We have seen a little softness or slowing down in maybe some of the business jet side. But just wanted to comment on that, that, that was dragging down the total number. And certainly, on the FTK side, the cargo metrics have become more important to us because of acquisitions we've made over the years. And just wanted to draw that to everyone's attention, that, that's an important piece for us and has performed not unexpectedly, although it's a little bit of a drag on our aftermarket number.

In the freights, I don't have that split out in front of me. So I don't -- I can't comment on that. I think in general, it's better. Liza is giving me the thumbs-up, so it's generally getting better in that -- in our cargo space.

I think it's too early to tell on this. We certainly feel good about the acquisition. It's exceeding our expectations so far. But it's too early as we haven't completed our market segmentation work on Esterline. We both did things a little differently, and we need to go through this accurately and have done a part number by part number basis, so it takes some time. So we're still going through this.

Yes. I think that generally, the acquisition looked better, but beyond that, I don't know.

Absolutely.

Yes. I think it's really across the board. Not to cop out on you, but operationally, we're getting more volume through the facilities. We've done some selective hiring in a few places. So operationally, productivity, we're getting more out of the same milestones, and we're able to do it at lower costs. We're finding some pricing opportunities. Certainly, there's some lost contract reserves that Mike has discussed that are put into there that we'll have to resolve out into the future, but it's really on all legs of our value generation stool. It's productivity, it's price, it's value generation, it's driving more volume across the milestones and it's also winning new business as we go forward. So I can't point to any one area. I tried to give some evidence of our operational progress that is significant on the Kirkhill side to give you some evidence of the problem or the opportunity that we're facing and what we're doing about it.

Well, it's still very early in the process. We still have -- I mean there are 2 issues that you've raised. One is the -- there's a secondary IG audit, and then there's this DoD pricing memo. As far as the IG audit goes, it's unclear to us how long this audit will take. We assume that, given the result of the last audit that took a while, the IG is looking at a slightly larger pool of contracts. But we don't have -- we don't believe that there will be anything different in this process than in the last. We also believe the results will be the same as the last IG audit. But we are cooperating with that, and we'll provide information as requested. We assume that any exposure here is voluntary and also de minimis to the corporation, given the size of the military business that we have direct to the government or to the DoD.
As far as the DoD pricing memo goes, as best we understand, that memo reflects the wording of the applicable FARs or those federal acquisition regulations. The contracting officers could always request cost or pricing data, and of course, we always comply with the FARs. We all know we're highly decentralized, so our operating units are handling any cost or pricing data requests locally, as they always have when they come up on a case-by-case basis. We're trying to be cooperative here. Some awards could be delayed, but it's hard to estimate how much of this we still see our defense business moving forward. Hence, we're supplying costs on a necessary basis as requested.
So we are attempting to work together. We recognize that the DoD is a valuable customer to us, and we want to work together to come to a workable solution on this. Does that answer your question?

Bookings are still -- we're still booking. We're still booking ahead of sales but at a slower rate. I think our total bookings for the year versus '18 are only up modestly year-over-year. We still see strength in OEM. I think our aftermarkets -- defense aftermarket has slowed a bit on the bookings side. So that's our commentary on bookings. That's why we anticipate this will be flattening out. It just hasn't happened yet. It's difficult to predict when some of the bookings are due to ship. Just trying to flag what we see as some weakness in our business looking forward. But it's a smaller piece for us, but just looking to be fully transparent.

Yes.

I don't have any bookings trend in front of me on Esterline, and there's nothing to comment on right now on that. And I don't want to get into the specifics of this business or that business. But I think in general, we are happy with and the acquisition appears to be exceeding our expectations, so that includes there is good demand out there.

Interesting question. That was certainly what I wanted to illustrate in including them. In terms of the amount of time or where it can get to, I think what it tells us is there's a lot of operational improvement that we have to go through in our facilities. It's not just -- there's a lot of work to be done here as we look at the facilities. I think there's costs to remove, there's improvements to make. I think Kirkhill sits as an example because it was undercapitalized on some key areas and was sort of in a difficult, maybe even losing morale. That has been the part to turn around and drive with our culture.
I think that it's going to take time. Operations improvements, you don't come in and just wave a magic wand and they happen. But clearly, across the board, there's a lot of work to be done here to get these businesses to delivering on time with the quality necessary, appropriate quality. So there's a lot work to be done. So it will take time on the order of several years to get this where we need it to be and where our customers need it to be. I think that's all I can comment on.
Again, we're still unpacking the Esterline businesses, and each one is a bit of a snowflake. Each one needs different structural improvements. Some need hiring. Some need engineering injection. Each one requires a different business plan to get it turned around. But what we provide is that intimate, transparent contact with our EVPs and the business units in a forum that is all about -- not about blame, but about finding the solution and driving it quickly.

No, no, no. We have a couple of years to get through all of Kirkhill, I think, even. We've made great strides. You've heard, 400% output improvement on key fields that we were struggling on before, overdue is down. But that's just on one -- that's on the F-35 sell itself. There's still a lot more work to be done throughout the rest of the plant.

I -- difficult to comment on underselling. I think again, it's going to take us time to unpack this. So difficult for me to know. I think there's been strong response from customers. I think the aerospace environment knows what TransDigm does when it takes over a company about fixing them, making them better, investing, driving operations improvements, and I think that positive attitude has certainly come forward from our customer base. But beyond that, difficult to comment.

Yes. Maybe somehow before, some piece we said we're conservative a little bit.

We frequently find operations that aren't performing at the level that they need to for what their customers expect. So if that is specifically what you're asking, yes, we do see...

Yes, I think you're right. We do find, in general, that businesses that we acquire need to have some part of their operations fixed. They make great products. They're great engineers. But operationally, they run a little laxer than they need to on delivery performance and other key attributes. So yes, that means that many of them, if not most, are improvement projects when we get them. And I think, yes, you're hitting on the point that I've been trying to drive on that. There's more to us. We're excellent operators, and we fundamentally improve businesses by investment, by structure, by empowering the teams to make a difference, and it absolutely works.

No. There's nothing that stands out as a slowdown. It's conservatism. There's some unknowns that we talked about with MAX and other pieces that we tried to include, but I think it's just conservatism given the market.

We don't do a lot of initial provisioning, but I think given that they are slowing down shipments, that would -- if 737 provisioning was a significant piece for you, that would make sense. It's not a significant piece for us, so we don't -- we're -- we've been building at anywhere from 42 to full rate depending on what our customers want from us. So it's kind of different, business by business, but our forecasts going forward assume a 42 build rate.

Just caution in the outlook. There's nothing that we're pointing to.

I think F-35 is a leading program for us. I comment on that, that, that continues to do well and continue to grow and expand for us. Many of our businesses are on that platform. But I think we looked for that. I anticipated that question, we all did. And we went looking for are there any one-timers. It's nicely spread across the business. If you look for platforms, that takes us a little bit longer to diagnose, but F-35 is important, the A400 is important. There's a lot of important platforms, the same ones that you would expect. But the OEM strength is really nicely across many businesses for us.

I have not diagnosed European defense versus U.S. defense, so I can't comment on that. I assume there's strength because I'm not seeing it as regionally weak. I assume that it's solid across, but I can't comment for sure.

Yes. I can't point to that gave us X amount of uplift in the quarter. It's in the noise. The other legacy planes were already flying; they're simply flying them a little bit harder than they were before. So we haven't seen anything noticeable, and I think that is similar to what others have commented on in the industry so far.