Good morning, and thanks, everybody, for calling in today. Today, I'll start off with a brief overview of our recent organization announcements, some summary and comments on our consistent strategy, a quick overview summary of the third quarter and fiscal year '18. Kevin will review the business performance for the quarter and the year, and Jim will then run through the financials.
As you may have seen, we recently announced 3 significant organization changes. Mike Lisman has been elected by the board to be our new Chief Financial Officer. Mike brings a very attractive set of skills and experience to the new job. His experience in private equity and investment banking provides a key element to our new management team. Mike has worked with us for about 3 years in both operations and M&A roles. He knows the company and culture well. Interestingly, Mike has a degree in aerospace engineering. So like Kevin, Bernie, Jorge and I, he can help with engineering work in a pinch. That's a joke, by the way. Not that he has a degree, but that he can help. Mike's a good cultural fit and a great candidate. Kevin and I both believe he's going to do a fine job. 
Bernie Iversen will continue to report to me and remains Executive Vice President of Merger and Acquisition. Jim Skulina has agreed to continue as Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Accounting Officer for a 6- to 12-month period to assist Mike in the transition. Jorge Valladares has been elected by the Board of Directors as the Chief Operating Officer of our Power System segment. Jorge comes to TransDigm -- came to TransDigm almost right out of college and has been with the company in a broad range of operating positions for about 20 years. Jorge is a proven executive and an outstanding cultural fit. Kevin will expand on this a little.
Now to reiterate, we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and its ability to create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the cycle. To summarize why we believe that, about 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary products. Over 3/4 of our net sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket revenues have historically produced a higher gross margin and have provided relative stability in the downturns. Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we have to stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital. To do that, we follow a consistent, long-term strategy. We own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we have a simple, well-proven, value-based operating methodology. Third, we maintain a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system that very closely aligns our management with the shareholders. Fourth, we acquire businesses that fit our strategy and where we see a clear path to PE-like returns. And lastly, we view our capital structure and allocation as a key part of our value-creation methodology.
As you know, we regularly review our choices for capital allocation. We basically have 4, and our priorities are typically as follows: one, invest in our existing business; two, make accretive acquisitions consistent with our strategy and return requirements. These are almost always our first choices. Our third is to give extra money back to the shareholders, either through a special dividend or a stock buyback; and our last priority is to pay off the debt. Given the low cost of debt, this is still likely our last choice in the current capital market conditions.
Depending on the specific business and capital market, we'll allocate our capital and structure our balance sheet in a manner we think has the best chance to maximize the return to our shareholders. So far, in fiscal year 2018, we have spent about $660 million on acquisitions. In March of fiscal year '18, we announced 2 acquisitions, Kirkhill and Extant, for about $575 million, that both fit our strategy well. In July, we announced the acquisition of Skandia for about $84 million. All these deals meet our PE-like return requirements. 
We continue [ to be ] active in M&A with a pretty good pipeline, but as usual, I cannot predict or comment on possible closings or any specific business situations. 
We'll continue to look at our options for capital allocation. The credit market remains strong and reasonably accommodating. Our fiscal year ends on September 30. We'll see where things stand after the start of our new fiscal year and likely make some decisions on capital allocation during the first quarter of our next fiscal year.
Our liquidity is strong. We had $1.85 billion of cash at the end of Q3. And absent any additional acquisitions beyond Skandia or other capital market activities, we expect to have about $2 billion in cash at 9/30/18. We also have roughly $600 million of undrawn revolver and room under our credit agreement. 
Our Q3 and year-to-date operations, that is revenue, EBITDA as adjusted and EPS as adjusted, were strong and up nicely over last year. Commercial aftermarket revenues are encouraging. On a year-to-date basis, they're up about 11% versus the prior year. As we told you, the first half seemed to be running a bit hot to us. The rate of growth slowed down a little in Q3, but the underlying drivers still look good.
Year-after-year, defense bookings are also up nicely. Based on the year-to-date results, we have adjusted our revenue and EBITDA As Defined guidance midpoint up a bit. This primarily reflects improved operating performance of our businesses. 
In summary, fiscal year '18 looks like a good year. I'm confident, though, with our consistent value-focused strategy and strong mix of businesses, we can continue to create long-term intrinsic value for our shareholders. 
And now let me hand this over to Kevin, who will discuss in more color and detail about the quarter and the year-to-date performance as well as expand on the year-to-date guidance. Kevin?

I think I might just add on the surplus stuff. We did a fair amount of work on that whenever it was, Kevin, a year or 2 ago and talked about it. The amount of surplus sold for our product is very small. So it's hard to believe that has any significant impact.

I don't -- I'm not -- Rob, I'm not sure I quite follow your question. We borrowed, as you know, a little more than -- we borrowed and essentially  replenished what we spent for the $600 million of acquisition. Reloaded that again. We'll do what we normally do, we'll have about -- if we don't buy anything, we'll have a couple of billion dollars at the end of the year. We'll see where things stand. If we don't see a good use for it, we'd probably pay something out at the beginning of next year.

Yes, right. And we'll see what comes along. I mean, we're fairly busy. We see opportunity. We'll see how things unwind here. As I think you know, we don't sit on money too long.

Yes, I wouldn't -- no, I wouldn't want to get nailed down that much. I'd say we make a decision. A decision could be we'll make a decision next quarter. As you know, if we don't see something moving along -- I mean, that's the best I can tell you. If we don't see something moving along, we don't sit on the money very long. If we have $2 billion and significant capacity and we don't see some decent deals, we'll do something. I hate to be backed into a corner [indiscernible]

Yes, that may be a good point. What I really was trying to say is we probably aren't going to do anything for the next 60 days or so. That's probably -- I maybe oversold the point.

And we'll have a -- you'll have a forecast when you go through next year's guidance.

Yes. I mean, we don't look at deals based on whether it's defense or commercial. We look at them whether they meet our proprietary aerospace significant aftermarket, our criterion whether we get the return. We have obviously seen more attractive defense stuff the last year so than we did in the past, not surprisingly. I don't know that we have a hard limit. We sure wouldn't want to -- we don't want to turn this into a defense company. So I mean, I think we kind of like the range we're in. Whether it's 35 or 37 or 32, I don't know it makes a whole lot of difference.

I think it's safe to say, Kevin, we're not having to stretch out our lead times significantly or anything like that.

Which you would see -- which you'd think you'd see if that was happening.

I don't know how to correlate it, and I don't know that we've seen a great correlation. Obviously, when your customer is not as profitable, you'd prefer your customer will be more profitable. But I don't know that we've seen any particular correlation, and I don't know how we'd really plan for it. I guess, that's about all I know to say about it.

And we haven't seen any [ there ].

But I think we can say the vast majority of our aftermarket is not lumpy special project business. It's stuff they order due to activity.

Now we've given -- we gave at the Investor Day, we've given some sense of long-term growth kind of numbers that makes sense, and I don't know of any reason that they don't still make sense.

I think it's safe to say, in the last [ 3 to 6 ], you don't see any discontinuity.

Discontinuity, whatever the practice was [ or is ].