Good morning. Thanks for calling in today. First, I'll start off with the usual quick overview of our strategy, a few comments about the quarter and discuss our fiscal 2023 outlook. Then Jorge and Mike will give additional color on the quarter. 
To reiterate, we are unique in the industry in both the consistency of our strategy in good times and bad as well as our steady focus on intrinsic shareholder value creation through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize, here are some of the reasons why we believe this. 
About 90% of our net sales are generated by unique proprietary products. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which generally have significantly higher margins and over any extended period have typically provided relative stability in the downturns. We follow a consistent long-term strategy, specifically. We own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. We utilize a simple, well-proven, value-based operating methodology. We have a decentralized organizational structure and a unique compensation system closely aligned with shareholders. We acquire businesses that fit this strategy and where we see a clear path to PE-like returns. Our capital structure and allocations are a key part of our value creation methodology. 
Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital. As you saw from our earnings release, we closed out the year with another good quarter considering the market environment. We continue to see recovery in the commercial aerospace market and remain encouraged by the favorable trends in air traffic. 
Our Q4 results show positive growth in comparison to the same prior year period as we are lapping the fourth fiscal quarter of '21, which was more heavily impacted by the pandemic. Although our results have improved over the prior year quarter, they continue to be adversely affected in the comparison to pre-pandemic levels as the demand for air travel remains depressed. 
We are happy to see the continuation of the favorable trends in global air traffic recovery with domestic air travel still leading and international air traffic catching up. The majority of countries have fully reopened to international travelers. However, China air traffic lags the recovery seen in other countries. Domestic air travel in China continues to experience [indiscernible] strict COVID policies that limit travel. China's international air traffic remains very depressed and has only made modest improvement from COVID lows. In our bookings, we saw another quarter of robust growth in our commercial revenues and bookings. 
I am very pleased that despite this challenging environment, our EBITDA's defined margin was 49.8% in the quarter. Contributing to the strong margin is the continued recovery in our commercial aftermarket revenues, along with our strict operational focus and disciplined approach to cost structure management. 
Additionally, we had good operating cash flow generation in Q4 of almost $275 million and closed the quarter with approximately $3 billion of cash. We expect to steadily generate significant additional cash through 2023. 
Next, an update on our capital allocation activities and priorities. During fiscal '22, we are pleased to have allocated about $2.4 billion of capital in the aggregate across M&A and return of capital to our shareholders. Specifically, these activities included the acquisition of DART Aerospace, a special dividend of $18.50 per share and share buybacks. As mentioned earlier, we are exiting fiscal 2022 with a sizable cash balance of approximately $3 billion, which leaves us with significant liquidity and financial flexibility to meet any likely range of capital requirements or other opportunities in the readily foreseeable future. 
Regarding the current M&A pipeline, we are actively looking for M&A opportunities that fit our model. Acquisition opportunity activity continues, and we have a decent pipeline of possibilities as usual, mostly in the small to midsize range. I cannot predict or comment on possible closings, but we remain confident that there is a long runway for acquisitions that fit our portfolio. Both the M&A and capital markets are always difficult to predict, but specifically so in these times. 
Now moving to our outlook for fiscal 2023. As you saw in the earnings release, we initiated full fiscal year 2023 guidance. The guidance assumes no additional acquisitions or divestitures and is based on current expectations for a continued recovery in our primary commercial end markets through fiscal 2023. Guidance was previously suspended as a result of the significant disruption in our primary commercial end markets related to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Throughout fiscal '22, we were encouraged by the recovery seen in our commercial revenues and strong booking trends. Total commercial bookings in fiscal '22 exceeded sales by a healthy double-digit percentage that supports the fiscal '23 commercial end market revenue guidance, which I will comment on shortly. 
We are cautiously optimistic that the prevailing conditions will continue to evolve favorably. However, as our fiscal '23 progress, we will continue to monitor the ongoing uncertainty and risks and market conditions closely and will react as necessary. Changes in market conditions and the impact to our primary end markets could lead to revisions in our guidance for 2023. 
Our initial guidance for fiscal 2023 continuing operations is as follows and can also be found on Slide 7 in the presentation. The midpoint of our fiscal year 2023 revenue guidance is $6.09 billion or up approximately 12%. As a reminder and consistent with past years, with roughly 10% less working days than subsequent quarters, fiscal '23 Q1 revenues, EBITDA and EBITDA margins are anticipated to be lower than the other 3 quarters of '23. 
This revenue guidance is based on the following market channel growth rate assumptions. We expect commercial aftermarket revenue growth in the mid-teens percentage range, commercial OEM revenue growth also in the mid-teens percentage range, and finally, defense revenue growth in the low to mid-single-digit percentage range. 
The midpoint of fiscal 2023 EBITDA as defined guidance is $3.045 billion or up approximately 15% with an expected margin of around 50%. This guidance includes about 50 basis points of margin dilution from our recent DART Aerospace acquisition. We anticipate EBITDA margin will move up throughout the year, with Q1 being the lowest and sequentially lower than Q4 of our fiscal 2022. 
The midpoint of adjusted EPS is anticipated to be $21.38 or up approximately 25%. Mike will discuss in more detail shortly the factors impacting EPS along with some other fiscal 2023 financial assumptions and updates. 
We believe we are well positioned as we enter fiscal '23. As usual, we'll closely watch how the aerospace and capital markets continue to develop and react accordingly. Let me conclude by stating that I'm very pleased with the company's performance in this period of recovery for the commercial aerospace industry. We remain sharply focused on our value drivers, cost structure and operational excellence. We look forward to fiscal 2023 and the opportunity to continue to create value for our stakeholders through our consistent strategy. 
Now let me hand it over to Jorge to review our recent performance and a few other items.

Well, I think you know there's not much flight activity happening. And as a percentage of the fleet, it is a significant percentage of flight activity prior to COVID. So it could be a real tailwind to us as that opens back up. Given the uncertainty in the market with global conflicts, China and their zero COVID, inflation, potential recession, it was hard to forecast more growth than what we put in, in the mid-teens right now. There's just enough uncertainty out there.

It could make sense. We don't like to get baked around those numbers. We don't look at things regionally like that. However, it's probably directionally accurate.

I wouldn't say that we've seen that. There's a lot of activity. Unfortunately, we haven't had anything cross the finish line since DART's a couple of quarters ago. We're very busy, generally speaking, in small- to middle-sized businesses. We just haven't been able to get any of them across the finish line due to an unfavorable market sentiment around how do I get financing for a business, not us, but it's certainly restricting deals that are available in the marketplace. So I think altogether, it's been a little bit disappointing. There are some headwinds in M&A for the general market, and we stay aggressive.

I don't think we've seen anybody selling assets, but we believe there is squeezing happening. It's certainly limiting the number of people that can bid on businesses today, and I think that is slowing the number of businesses that can come to market.

We don't factor that into really the way we look at returns on a business. We evaluate them all based on really what they can do. So we're not looking for businesses in Europe any more than usual. We look at all geographies, regions. So we're encouraged and looking everywhere. We have a team of M&A folks that are looking for opportunities in Europe, certainly as we speak. But there's no additional focus on it.

I would also say, Sheila, in this world, we're -- as we've said many times, we're a bottoms-up, not a top-down forecasting company. So this is the work of all of our many businesses that roll up their forecast to us. And I think over time, they can be more accurate than a top-down approach of guessing what RPM growth is going to be. I think this is the most accurate way to forecast the business, and we've been very successful with it.

Yes. It's -- well, we don't split out these things so carefully. Our goal is always to pass along inflation. Right now, the forecast from our teams that we have bottoms up is mid-teens of a forecast for growth year-over-year. There's so much uncertainty in that with what's going to happen in Asia that it's hard to forecast larger numbers than that.
Obviously, there's always some price in these numbers year-over-year as we've all seen inflation. But we don't split it out to put such a specific number on it because it differs by product, business. I think the way to look at it is what has inflation been and we're trying to pass that along. We see definitely inflationary pressures across our business.

I think we lost Kristine.

There she is.

No problem.

I think we had about 0.5 point of drag from the DART acquisition.

I think there's always the risk of [ interference ], but I think there's a lot of need right now and a difficulty to supply OEM aircraft. I think it's going to be a while before build rates catch up to actual demand. So I'm less worried in the next 5-year horizon. After that, we'll have to evaluate what the market conditions look like, are there new technologies. 
Generally speaking, the aerospace industry changes very slowly. There's not a lot of new platforms coming out in the future. A lot of these planes are going to go into aftermarket demand arena as they come -- as they get older. I don't really think that we're setting ourselves up for a lot more retirements or something different than in the past. But we'll have to see. I think as we look forward, again, over the next several years, we're pretty comfortable that this is going to set up favorably for the company, both on the commercial side, and it should be also true on the defense side.

I don't think that's the way we look at it. We look at what is the opportunity out in front of us. But certainly, China is 20% of aerospace travel, maybe a little more, plus or minus. It's a significant market that didn't participate almost whatsoever. So yes, that was in our numbers and was a headwind to better -- even better results and a recovery to pre-COVID levels. It's really down to just the Asia region. Most of the other regions have come back pretty close already.

I think we're approaching that -- yes, I think that's a comfortable way to look at it, that sometime in '23 across the board, we will achieve aftermarket parity with prior to COVID levels. We'll have to see how that all unpacks. There's still a lot that has to happen in Asia for that to happen. But again, it's -- I think it sets up favorably for us on commercial and on the defense side.

It could be. This is a bottoms-up approach from our teams, and they go out and look at what they think is going to happen. The problem with aftermarket is that a lot of it's not booked, it's book and ship within the quarter. So you are forecasting things that are unknown. But they're closer to their customers than we are up here at corporate. So this is why we tend to trust their numbers. We hope that it's conservative. We hope that all of these things don't come out as any significant impact to the aerospace market. We'll have to see.

Yes. That's an important point to stress. This is looking at debt refinancing, capital allocation, it's something this team spends a lot of time on daily.

I think -- Noah, this is Kevin, I think we were surprised in '22 at the defense business not being stronger and that the defense industry was hit harder, it seems like, by supply chain issues and outlays. And I think we're just being a little conservative as we look forward to what the defense industry could become in '23. We had a good bookings quarter in Q4 but it's been lumpy and difficult to predict through '22. So we're taking a little bit more conservative approach here, I think.