Good morning, and thanks again for calling in. As usual, I'll start off with a quick review of our consistent strategy. I'll then summarize the first quarter of 2018. Kevin will review the key operational and market issues for the quarter, and Jim will then run through the financials and also discuss the near-term impact of the new tax law. 
As you may have seen, Terry Paradie, our former CFO, resigned for personal reasons in early January. Jim Skulina, who is on the call today, has agreed to fill the job until we find and are comfortable with a new CFO, either internally or externally. Jim is with TransDigm for 23 years and has extensive experience at the senior level, both as an operating and a financial executive for the company. For the last 6 years, Jim has been an Executive Vice President Group Officer responsible for a number of our larger operating units and acquisitions. In addition to other responsibilities, Jim has also been the Corporate Controller and Operating Unit President through his career with TransDigm, among other jobs. We are lucky to have Jim willing and available to take this job on.
To restate, we believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and its ability to create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the cycle. To summarize why we believe this, about 90% of our sales are generated by proprietary products. Over 3/4 of our sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole-source provider. Over half of our revenues and a much higher percent of our EBITDA come from aftermarket sales. Aftermarket revenues have historically produced the higher gross margins and relative stability through the cycles and the downturns.  
Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we have to stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as the careful management of our balance sheet. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. We own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we employ a simple, well-proven, value-based operating methodology based upon our 3 value driver concepts. Third, we maintain a decentralized organizational structure and a unique compensation system closely aligned with shareholders. Fourth, we acquire businesses that fit with our focused strategy and where we see a clear path to PE-like returns. And lastly, we view our capital structure and capital allocation as a key part of our efforts to create shareholder value. As you know, we regularly look closely at our choices for allocation of capital. To remind you, we basically have 4, and our priorities are almost always as follows: first, to invest in our existing business; second, to make accretive acquisitions consistent with our strategy and our tough return requirements; third is to give the money back to the shareholders, either through a special dividend or stock buybacks; and fourth would be to pay down debt, though still given the low cost of debt, especially after tax, this remains likely our last choice in the current capital markets.
In the last 3 years, you've seen different business conditions and examples of how we deal with them. In '15 and '16, we saw a number of attractive acquisitions and we bought about $3 billion of proprietary aerospace businesses. In '17, attractive candidates were fewer and far between. Accordingly, we chose to allocate about $3 billion of our capital to return to the shareholders. We did this through a mix of primarily special dividends but also some opportunistic stock buybacks. 
We'll see what the full year fiscal '18 brings, but as we've done consistently in the past, we'll allocate our capital in the manner we think has the best chance to maximize the return to our shareholders. 
Now to quickly summarize Q1 of fiscal year '18. Our Q1 operations, that is revenue and EBITDA as adjusted, were right about on our expectations. They were roughly 23% and 22%, respectively, of our full year guidance, about the same percents as they have been in prior years. To remind you, there are about 10% less shipping days in Q1 versus the average of the other 3 quarters. 
Our Q1 earnings per share, both GAAP and as adjusted, are both up very substantially. This is primarily the result of the new tax law. Jim will review this in more detail. As I'm sure you are aware, many of the implementing rules and regulations have still not been finalized, so we will be reticent to get too specific at this time, especially beyond fiscal year '18. We do expect to generate roughly $70 million of additional cash in fiscal year '18 as a result of the new tax law changes. 
Now on a same-store basis versus prior Q1, in the commercial transport aftermarket, which makes up the vast majority of our commercial aftermarket, Q1 versus the prior year was up just about 11%. Business jet and helicopter revenue growth was softer, and this pulled the overall average for commercial aftermarket down to about 10%. Commercial OEM revenues were roughly flat versus the prior year. Defense revenues were also about flat. However, incoming defense bookings were substantially up versus the prior year. Kevin will expand on all this. 
Although one quarter doesn't make a trend, we feel good about the start of the year, especially in the commercial aftermarket. We completed the sale of Schroth at the end of January for about $60 million in cash to Perusa Partners, a midsized PE firm located in Germany. This was not a great outcome, but given the overall situation, we believe it was the most prudent and practical approach to get this behind us and to move on.
With respect to acquisitions, we continue looking at opportunities. The pipeline is active. We've been looking at a lot of opportunities recently. Closings are difficult to predict. We remain disciplined and focused on the value opportunities that can meet our tight PE-like return requirements. 
Without any additional acquisition or capital structure activity, we now expect to generate closer to $1 billion in cash from operations after considering the cash impact of the new tax law. As we said in the last earning call, as long as our outlook continues to be comfortably in the range, we don't intend to adjust our guidance quarterly. Since it seems too soon in the year to draw any conclusions, we're leaving our revenue and EBITDA as adjusted full year guidance unchanged. If the business situation looks similar at the end of Q2, I expect we may well adjust our full year guidance at that time.
The increase for the net income and the EPS guidance are due to the new tax law's estimated impact. The savings in interest expense from our recent refinancing, we are estimating to be roughly offset by a modest increase in the LIBOR rate. In another words, the actual rates we pay so far are holding about flat. Jim will give a little more color on this. 
In summary, Q1 was a good start to the year. So far, fiscal year '18 looks positive, but in any event, I'm confident with our consistent value-focused strategy and our strong mix of business, we can continue to create long-term intrinsic value for our shareholders. 
And with that, let me hand it over to Kevin.

I think it's just a bit of natural caution, Rob. As I said, if sort of things hang in at the end of the next quarter, it wouldn't surprise me if we move the guidance up. It's just after some bouncing around over the last few years, we tend to believe that one data point doesn't -- isn't enough to move on yet. But there's nothing quirky about it.

Yes. Rob, as you obviously -- when I say we're active, we're active sort of, I guess, running around in circles, we're on a treadmill because we didn't close anything. But I mean, the same kind of stuff. Proprietary businesses is what we're looking at. We have 2 or 3 or 4 we've been quite active in, but not substantively different than our patterns in the past.

I think it's safe to say, if anything, that's probably a little better than we might have thought.

Kevin, do you want to touch on that?

And for our year, we're still comfortable that we get up just a little under 50% of EBITDA.

Can you speak up? We can't hear you. Could you speak up a little?

Is the question, just to be clear I have it, how does the tax rules, the change in tax laws change our acquisition criteria?

I don't think it changes it at all. I mean, we go through the same math we always go through, maybe you pay a little net more for -- our tax -- for interest. But on the other hand, you pay less taxes in total. I doubt if it has any material impact.

This is Nick, Matt. Not that -- I mean, if it is, it's too soon to tell. I suspect, I think that's probably slicing it too thin. I think people, by and large, make the decisions for sort of more macro issues than that. But it's too soon to tell, but I'd be very surprised.

Yes. I mean, I can tell you where we stand, which is we really -- there's no great progress going forward. We're in periodic discussions. The contract runs out at the end -- Kevin, I want to say calendar year '18?

Calendar year '18, right, not fiscal year '18. I suspect there'll be little to report until we get very close to that. And we will still have the issue. If you recall, they typically conclude with a mutual confidentiality agreement, which would say you can't report a lot anyway.

I think it's probably safe to say, Kevin, we gave some rough guidance in the beginning of the year. And we really don't see any need to really change that now.

Yes.

Well, let me try at least -- I'll just answer the cash, and Jim, you can answer the rest of it. I think as we said, we expect $70 million extra cash this year in 2018. So that's one clear benefit. And Jim, do you want...

And I think it's safe to say, Jim, that we'll be reasonably significantly cash [ in the plus each year. ]

Versus what it would have been otherwise.

Yes. I think, Kevin, we don't know that we can draw any conclusion versus our year yet other than it's -- you got to look at it as a positive rather than...

It's kind of a favorable data point.

Yes, the bookings -- we didn't talk about it. The bookings are -- we didn't give a specific number, but the bookings are coming in ahead of the revenues. Because the book to ships is up.

I don't think the tax reform changes my view on that. I mean, the fundamental question -- the fundamental issue there is that debt is very substantially cheaper than equity on an after-tax basis. And to the extent you feel comfortable carrying it, which a business like this should with its stability, you ought to be very biased on the debt side if you want to maximize the equity return. I don't think the tax law changes that. I think it's a fairly small tweak in the calculus there. What was the other question? On the leverage level, I would say, as a practical matter in the marketplace, you've been limited to around 7x in the last probably year or so. That may be loosening up a little bit, but it's too soon to tell.

I would say more our typical size range of stuff. I can't say there's any -- I can't say there's disproportionately large group of candidates.

All of the above, which does not -- as I say all the time, predicting closing rates or closures is very difficult.

Yes. I don't think my thoughts have changed from all the things I've shared with people. As you know, I have a contract that runs out through 2019. And that contemplates, at some point, I would transition into a role like [ playing ] Executive Chairman that would be probably maintain a reasonable amount of responsibility for capital allocation and M&A activity and things like that. I don't think my thoughts have changed on that. I'm in no hurry to get out of here, and no hurry to disengage.

I don't -- I can't really assess that. I don't see where there's any big particular impact to us of that. Embraer is one of many customers for airplanes not disproportionately large or small. So I think, in total, I think probably -- probably is always risky, but I'll say it anyway. I think we -- our content at Canadair is larger than our content at Embraer, just -- yes, just to put it into context.

It's a good account.

All of it. I never said we weren't seeing pricing improvements.

What I said is across the industry. What I said is last year, we went through a road show and also posted it up on our website, a look at the organic growth across the industry and for ourselves. And we concluded that over the last 5 years, if you strip out price, the commercial aftermarket in total growth was de minimis. I guess, that's what you're referring to?

I don't -- just to be clear. I don't think we ever said that there was particular pricing pressure. It was the underlying real growth, and we saw that across the whole industry when we went through all the public comps of our competitors. I would say 10% is obviously better than that. The prices aren't up 10%, so that's obviously real growth. And are we a little wary because of the volatility in the last 3 or 4? Yes, we are. The whole -- or that's not to say that -- we would very much like to be wrong. And I think we feel quite comfortable with our guidance. And as I said, if it hangs in pretty well, it wouldn't surprise me if we bumped it up next quarter. But we're reticent, as we said at the beginning of the year, unless there -- unless our guidance changes outside of the ranges, we're going to stick with our original guidance until we think we have a material change.

Well, I think you saw in the quarter. I would say, and I just want to emphasize, 1 quarter, 1 data point doesn't make a trend. But obviously, what we saw in the first quarter, we view it as a positive. I also think, as we went through this last year, I don't think this is something that changes rapidly. This age of the -- this aircraft over -- percents less than 5 years and over 5 years, that doesn't make a step change. That's sort of a gradual thing. As it changes -- it'll change fastest if the production rates drop off. Now that doesn't mean we're cheerleading for production rates to drop off, but just mathematically, that will happen. But I think you have to look at the first quarter as a good data point.

I think we gave you the guidance for the year, and I think what we're telling you is that's the guidance we continue to stick with. If we see -- if we get more data points that would make us think differently, then we'd likely adjust it. But as of right now, I think we're comfortable just staying with it.

Both periods.

I don't -- by the time that dribbles down to our level of buy, it's awful hard to see. I would be surprised if we see much. But the truth is, that's got to dribble its way, way down the -- way down the waterfall before it gets our orders. I don't see much change at least. Now if you made some assumption there's going to be a substantive dislocation of defense spending, well then, we'll start to see that, but I don't see people saying that.

Which is what we said at the beginning of the year, so no change.

Yes.

Yes. Fixed or collared.

You're talking about now a future philosophy, correct, not where it exists now?

We'd -- I would say we just have to evaluate that as the situation comes up. I'm very wary to speculate on what we do in different capital market conditions until we see them. As of right now, interestingly enough, though the LIBOR is rising, essentially, the spread on our debt for variable debt is dropping. This is so far such that the net interest paid isn't changing.