Thanks, Nick. Today, I'll review our results by key market, then discuss the profitability of the business for the quarter. I'll also comment on the fiscal year guidance and review some other operational items. 
As you have seen, we had a strong first quarter and a good start to the year. Mike will provide more details on the financials. But our first quarter operations, specifically, revenue and EBITDA as defined were up substantially over last year due in part to good organic growth as well as continued acquisition integration and performance. Q1 GAAP revenues were up approximately 48% versus prior year Q1, and EBITDA as defined was up 40% versus the prior year with margins approaching 47% of revenue. 
Now we will review our revenue by market category. For the remainder of the call, I will provide color commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2019. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. Please note that beginning this quarter, this market analysis discussion now includes the results of the former Esterline businesses. 
In the commercial market, which makes up close to 70% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. Our total commercial OEM market revenue increased approximately 1% in Q1 when compared with Q1 of fiscal year 2019. Commercial transport OEM revenues, which make up the majority of our commercial OEM business, were flat versus prior year Q1. However, bookings solidly outpaced Q1 sales in the current period by more than 15%. We did see minimal headwind from the impact of 737 MAX production halt this quarter. However, we believe any currently anticipated impact from the MAX issues should not have a material impact on our EBITDA for the full fiscal year. We are very diversified across all platforms worldwide. So the impact of the 737 MAX or any single program should not be material to TransDigm in the aggregate. Aside from isolated issues with a few aerospace platforms, general industry consensus remains mostly favorable long term as significant OEM backlog remains across the industry. We are currently assessing the near-term impact of the 737 MAX rate reduction as well as smaller cuts in production for other Boeing, Airbus and business jet platforms. As a result of the recent production rate changes and other evolving global concerns, we are implementing a necessary 3% to 10% reduction in direct and indirect headcount, the impact of which will be felt in the second half of the year and will certainly vary by business unit. 
Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenues grew by 17% over the prior year quarter with the commercial transport passenger market outperforming our expectations. In the quarter, growth in the commercial transport passenger and business jet markets were significantly offset by very modest declines in the commercial transport freight and commercial transport interior markets. Overall, commercial transport fundamentals continue to remain relatively strong, although a few items still bear watching. Global revenue passenger growth continues to decelerate, albeit growth is still near the long-term average. This might be impacted by weaker economic activity and multiple geopolitical disruptions worldwide. Cargo demand is weaker as FTKs have declined from reaching an all-time high in 2017, and business jet utilization data is pointing to stagnant growth that could create a headwind for the business jet aftermarket. Finally, it is unclear how the 737 MAX situation has or will impact our commercial aftermarket, but it may prove to be a net positive for TransDigm as older aircraft are utilized more. 
Now let me speak about our defense market, which is just over 30% of our total revenue. The defense market, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, was up approximately 9% over the prior year Q1. As a reminder, we are lapping tougher prior year comparisons as our defense revenue accelerated in most of fiscal 2019. Defense bookings declined slightly in the quarter driven by robust defense OEM bookings growth and a not unexpected decline in defense aftermarket bookings, given the recent restocking pace. 
Now moving to profitability. I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA as defined. EBITDA as defined of about $681 million for Q1 was up 40% versus prior Q1. EBITDA as defined margin in the quarter of 46.5% was negatively impacted by acquisition dilution from Esterline. Excluding Esterline, margins in our legacy business were over 51% and improved both sequentially as well as over the prior year quarter. Margin improvement progress is always important to us and indicates that our base business continues to drive and find opportunities for improvement by using our value drivers. 
On Esterline, we are now over 10 months post close. The integration continues to progress. To date, the acquisition is exceeding our expectations for growth in this largest of TransDigm acquisitions. As we have stated in the past, we will now no longer refer to any Esterline-specific metrics as these businesses have now become part of the fabric of TransDigm. 
Moving now to the 2020 guidance, also found on Slide 7 in the presentation. We're not changing our full year revenue, EBITDA or adjusted EPS guidance at this time, although we saw strong first quarter results. General market conditions have not meaningfully changed with the exception of the 737 MAX grounding and production halt. This is an evolving situation that could make it challenging for us to achieve the high end of our previously issued revenue guidance. However, as previously mentioned, we believe any impact from the MAX issues should not be material to our EBITDA this fiscal year. There's also a potential upside for us in the commercial aftermarket resulting in the 737 MAX issues as older aircraft may be utilized more. We will continue to closely monitor the 737 MAX situation and the expected impact on our business to be prepared to react as necessary, including any further preemptive steps that might be warranted. After consideration of these items at this time, we're not adjusting our full year revenue and EBITDA guidance as we still expect them to fall within the range previously issued. We will update again as this situation crystallizes. 
In addition, we are not changing our original market growth assumptions at this time. We do, however, realize there could be some shifting between commercial OEM and aftermarket growth rates, but it is just too close to call with only 1 quarter of data. I would also like to caution that although our EBITDA margin was strong in the first quarter, margins can be lumpy and margins may fluctuate over the next few quarters. 
So let me conclude by stating that Q1 of fiscal 2020 was another good quarter for TransDigm. We continue to be very pleased with the Esterline acquisition integration as well as the strong operational performance in the quarter from our legacy businesses. We look forward to the remainder of 2020 and expect that our consistent strategy will continue to provide the value you have come to expect from us. 
With that, I would now like to turn it over to our CFO, Mike Lisman.

Yes. I think that's still the right magnitude, and I think we can continue to do that.

As we've talked about, you get limited due diligence upfront. So we went in not sure all that we would find. I think, in general, we've found that things have been better than we assumed upfront, and there hasn't really been yet anything that is bad news, anything that we didn't anticipate or expect. It certainly emboldens us for the future to continue to look at acquisitions like this.

No. No. Not that we have seen, no.

So to answer that one, first off, we have -- initially, we saw some slowdown. We have been meeting frequently with the DoD, DLA, IG and other important stakeholders in the process to continue to communicate, answer questions. Once we started doing that, I think some of the pent-up demand started to flow a little bit. So I'm not believing that a slowdown, to get to the point, I think, that you're driving at, a slowdown in defense aftermarket bookings is anything more than a filling of the bins up around the ranch. That's still what we believe. 
We have seen that our interaction with the DoD, DLA has been positive. We're communicating, spending time going through the issues, and it's positive.

We don't look at our business like that from a geography, and it's also the way that our products are distributed and sold. You can sell to one region, and that's where the distributor is based and it goes all over the world. So we're -- we don't have great data on individual consumption by country or airline or platform. So no, we don't have that kind of visibility to offer you.

We don't have a composite POS any longer that the flow-through sales from our distribution partners that we can comment on after the combination of Esterline into the TransDigm businesses. Because they tended to use different distributors, it made the metric not as useful for us so far. So I don't have any good comment on POS in distribution by region. I know what you're driving at, and we keep looking for that as well to see if there's a pickup in 737 MAX related to the aftermarket in specific regions, are there any slowdown. But we don't have that kind of granularity to be able to give you that commentary.

Of course, we look at -- all of these are opportunities to drive productivity. Productivity is an important part of our value-driver mindset. We announced a 3% to 10% headcount reduction in the call so far. I think that is -- that's going to vary by business. We'll see the impact of that far out in the second half of the year. It'll vary by business depending on impact and what they're seeing and what the order book looks like. So we're looking at this as the right thing to do to drive productivity. Is it opportunistic? And will we see better productivity out the other end? I don't know. We certainly aim to be very efficient in the way we run our businesses, not let extra labor sit arounds, not go after pet programs or other projects. We're already working productivity aggressively. So there's maybe nothing additional to be gained by putting more people on productivity. But we want to manage our headcount efficiently in all of our resources the correct way.

Yes. It's direct to indirect.

Absolutely. And it'll probably -- yes, I don't know how it'll split out on that. And the reason why I'm giving you a range is because we're still early in this process of implementing. I think most people have already been notified. But given our decentralized nature and this -- of the actions happen at the plants, they don't happen at corporate. So I'm still waiting to hear back on all of that.

Yes. That's full production. Great point.

Yes. That's -- obviously, we don't know. But in the fullness of time, it should continue to move in the direction that TransDigm is at. Whether it gets all the way there or not remains to be seen. But in the fullness of time, we don't see that this is a business that hampered in any way fundamentally.

Yes. I wish I had some better -- it's surprising to us as well. Given the takeoffs and landings, after a few years of strength, still not back to the pre-2008 levels, but we just haven't seen anything. And recently, it's gone negative. So our -- what we're seeing here is a little bit of a surprise, I'll have to say, and I don't know how long it will last. Certainly, the fundamentals of the industry don't appear to be good, but we're still seeing solid demand. So we will continue to ship it, but I wish I had a better explanation for you on why or where it's coming from. What we see across this business, given the aftermarket nature, whether it's defense, it's commercial, it's biz jet, is that aftermarket orders can be lumpy, and that's part of what we're seeing, I think.

Yes. I -- we have had some communication with Boeing on what this will look like. We have taken our rates down to 0, more or less where we are right now. And it'll gradually build out based on what Boeing is communicating to us, which -- again, this is early days in the communication process. So we're following their guidance on this. I'm not hedging it further.

I think it's too early to tell right now. We are still figuring out the downside of some of the headwinds we're talking about and balancing this out. I think I need a little more time to comment on that, on whether it's neutral or will add anything to the EBITDA for the year. So I just need a little more time on that. It's too early in the year to change that.

I don't think -- that's right. I'm just not -- I don't want to give you an idea that it's going to be one way or the other.

But yes, they'll -- but still, they would hit us earlier.

No. We look for it. It was a surprise that it was as solid and strong as it was. I will say that that's -- the 17% in the quarter isn't just an artifact of the acquisition. TransDigm legacy, although I said I wouldn't refer to this, I wanted to give you some reassurance that the TransDigm legacy business would have still been a highlight -- a headline number that everyone would've reacted to. So we're seeing strength across-the-board. It's not due to a program. It's not due to a single business unit, and it really wasn't any onetimers that we saw in there.

I'll start on it, and I'll let Mike and Nick jump in. I don't know if there's so much that we learned, except that maybe we're a little conservative in some of our modeling. So that's good. It's good for all of us. Good for you. 
I think we've learned that we can go after a significant business, multifaceted, many moving pieces. And with our model and the way we handle the integration, that we can tackle them and so do a nice job of bringing them into the fold, into the fabric of TransDigm. I mean that's what I think I've learned and from what I've seen on the operational side. 
And also, the folks in the acquired company are very interested in being on a winning team. And it's amazing, the attitude, the morale, the real positive perspective that the employees have as they're now part of this team is really incredible, and it's why I think we're accomplishing some pretty heavy lifting so quickly. Guys, anything?

Yes. I'll take a stab at it, and then Mike has some more maybe insight. I think productivity and the value-based pricing, I think we've seen great opportunities in both on -- specifically, on the commercial side. I -- it's encouraging what we've seen. 
I -- beyond that, we have seen certainly productivity improvements. We've seen opportunities to inject cash to get delinquencies down. There were some significant delinquencies in parts of the business. There was some capitalization issues that needs to be addressed. 
I think we've approached this on an operational front to drive the Esterline business much like we focus the TransDigm legacy business on being the best operations performer as they can be, having the best quality, the best on-time delivery, being an organization that you can really count on. That's really been our focus here. 
And we've seen opportunities, we've said in the past, equally split on productivity and price and winning new business. I think that still holds. Mike, do you have any?

Yes. I would say not much of it. Aftermarket is built on the same lines as the OEM products for the largest extent. So the volume occurs on the OEM side, you can't make it up in aftermarket. You can't move people around necessarily. They're trained on certain pieces of equipment or processes. So I would say it's not that fungible that you can so easily move people around. We certainly try to do that first. And where there are needs, we try to certainly move people. It's -- you have to take a RIF or reduction when you don't see those opportunities out there.

Yes. The -- for the quarter, for Q1, it was a little soft. So I think I commented that we saw some negative growth there. And then the freight side, it made sense. We've seen slowing FTKs for a while. 
On the interiors, I noted previously we were starting to see some orders, some interest here that would turn things around. And that's, I think, the case when I look at the bookings for the future. And our interior side of the business, they're starting to grow again. So that may be an indication that future quarters will be better on the interior side of the aftermarket.

I don't think I said that we were seeing any cuts in biz jet. I think what we're seeing on the OEM side is new programs. We're on all of the important new programs here on the business jet side, and we're seeing bookings come in. We're seeing shipments on that. On the aftermarket side, I think, pleasantly surprised that the aftermarket and the biz jet sector is holding up so well, given the takeoff and landing cycles have been anemic. That's what we said. 
It's -- yes, business jet is a tougher market to understand. It's a small part of our business now as we've grown other sectors faster. But it has been difficult to predict over the last -- I think even couple of years.

I completely agree with that. It's caution in there. There's a -- a lot of information isn't known, and we don't want to send the wrong signals and have to change them or modify them. We'd rather be cautious on this.

It's a good point.