Good morning. Thanks for calling in today. First, I'll start off with a quick overview of our strategy, a summary of a few significant items in the quarter and discuss our fiscal 2022 outlook. Then Jorge and Mike will give additional color on the quarter. Jorge Valladares is joining our earnings call today and will do so going forward. Jorge is currently our Chief Operating Officer and has been in the role since 2019. Over the last 20-plus years with TransDigm, Jorge has had an unusually broad operating background and has been a key culture carrier.
He most recently served as our COO of Power and Control, where all of the Power Group businesses reported to Jorge. Prior to this role, he served 4 years as an Executive Vice President and was President at 2 of our larger operating units, AvtechTyee and AdelWiggins. Jorge initially started at AdelWiggins Group and held various positions of increasing responsibility in engineering, manufacturing and sales as he worked his way up. We're excited to have him join the earnings call and offer his expertise.
Now moving on to the business of today. To reiterate, we are unique in the industry in both the consistency of our strategy in good and bad times as well as our steady focus on intrinsic shareholder value creation through all phases of the aerospace cycle. This should sound similar to what you have always heard from TransDigm.
To summarize, here are some of the reasons why we believe this. About 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary products, and over 3/4 of our net sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which generally have significant higher margins and over any extended period have typically provided relative stability in the downturns.
We follow a consistent long-term strategy. Specifically, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. We utilize a simple, well-proven, value-based operating methodology. We have a decentralized organization structure and unique compensation system closely aligned with shareholders. We acquire businesses that fit this strategy and where we see a clear path to private equity-like returns. Our capital structure and allocations are a key part of our value-creation methodology.
Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital.
As you saw from our earnings release, we had a good quarter considering the market environment. We continue to see recovery in the commercial aerospace market and are encouraged by the trends in air traffic among other factors.
Our current Q4 results continue to show positive growth in comparison as we are lapping another fiscal 2020 quarter fully impacted by the pandemic. However, our results continue to be unfavorably affected in comparison to prepandemic levels due to the reduced demand for air travel.
On a more encouraging note, the commercial aerospace industry has continued to show signs of recovery with increasing air traffic and vaccination rates expanding. The recovery has remained primarily driven by domestic leisure travel, though we are optimistic for the recovery of international travel as more governments across the world soften travel restrictions.
In our business, we saw another quarter of sequential improvement in commercial aftermarket revenues with total commercial aftermarket revenues up 14% over Q3. I am also very pleased that even in this challenging commercial environment, we continue to sequentially expand our EBITDA as defined margin. Contributing to this increase is the continued recovery in our commercial aftermarket revenues as well as the careful management of our cost structure and focus on our operating strategy.
Additionally, we continued to generate significant cash in Q4. We had strong operating cash flow generation of almost $300 million and closed the quarter with approximately $4.8 billion of cash. We expect to steadily generate significant additional cash through 2022.
We continue to look at possible M&A opportunities and are always attentive to our capital allocation. Both the M&A and capital markets are always difficult to predict, but especially so in these times.
First, I'd like to address the Meggitt situation that occurred this quarter. We have long admired and studied the Meggitt business and believe that a combination between us and Meggitt could provide value to investors of both companies. However, based on the quite limited due diligence information that was made available and the resulting uncertainties, we could not conclude that moving forward with an offer of 900p per Meggitt share would meet our long-standing goals for value creation and investor returns.
We've put substantial time and effort into evaluating this potential transaction, as we had communicated previously. However, as we have said many times before, we are very disciplined with our capital allocation. And when we make acquisitions, we need a reasonable degree of certainty for achieving our investment return goals, especially for a deal of this magnitude.
The diligence made available to us was too limited to provide the assurance needed to move forward, and our additional diligence requests were not met. These additional diligence requests were very similar to what was typically received in the almost 90 acquisitions we have done over the life of the company. It was a disappointment that we could not move forward, but it was the most prudent decision for the company and all of our stakeholders.
In regard to the current M&A pipeline, we are still actively looking for M&A opportunities that fit our model. Acquisition opportunities in the last quarter was still slower than pre-COVID, but we are starting to see some pickup in activity. We remain confident that there is a long runway for acquisitions that fit our portfolio, primarily in the small to midsize opportunities, and look forward to continued M&A activity far into the future.
At this time, we don't anticipate that we make any significant dividends or share buybacks for at least the next quarter, but we will keep watching and see if our views change.
Now moving to our outlook for 2022. While we are not providing full financial guidance at this time as a result of the continued disruption in our primary commercial end markets, we are providing guidance on select financial metrics for fiscal 2022, including EBITDA as defined margins, expected defense market revenue, growth, tax rates and other key financial assumptions. We do continue to be encouraged by the recovery we have seen in both our commercial OEM and aftermarket revenues and bookings in fiscal 2021, but many unknowns remain for the pace and shape of the recovery. We will look to reinstitute guidance when we have a clearer picture of the future.
Currently, we expect COVID-19 to continue to have an adverse impact on our financial results compared to prepandemic levels into fiscal 2022 under the assumption that both our commercial OEM and aftermarket customer demand will remain depressed due to lower worldwide air travel, although recent positive trends in commercial air traffic could impact us favorably.
Given what we know today, our teams are planning for our commercial aftermarket revenue to grow in the 20% to 30% range, planning for our commercial aftermarket revenue to grow in the 20% to 30% range. We expect our commercial OEM revenue to grow significantly as well, but at a rate slightly less than the commercial aftermarket. As you know, we aim to be conservative and would be happy to have both of these end markets rebound more strongly. Jorge will provide further detail on a few key points of consideration that will drive our ultimate commercial growth. As for the defense market, we expect defense revenue growth in the low single-digit percent range versus fiscal 2022.
Now a bit more color on EBITDA as defined expectations for fiscal 2022. We expect full year fiscal 2022 EBITDA margins to be roughly in the area of 47%, which could be higher or lower based on the rate of commercial aftermarket recovery. This guidance assumes a steady increase in commercial aftermarket revenue throughout fiscal 2022, with Q1 being the lowest. In similar fashion, we anticipate that EBITDA margins will move up throughout fiscal 2022, with Q1 being the lowest and sequentially lower than Q4. As a final note, this margin guidance includes the unfavorable headwind of our recent Cobham acquisition of about 0.5%.
As a reminder, and consistent with past years, with roughly 10% less working days than the subsequent quarters, fiscal year 2022 Q1 revenues, EBITDA, EBITDA margins are anticipated to be lower than the other 3 quarters of fiscal year 2022. We believe we are well positioned as we enter fiscal '22. As usual, we'll closely watch the aerospace and capital markets development and react accordingly.
Let me conclude by stating that I'm pleased with the company's performance in this challenging time for the commercial aerospace industry and with our commitment to driving value for our stakeholders. The commercial aerospace market recovery continues to progress, and current trends are encouraging. There is still uncertainty about the pace of the recovery, but the team remains focused on controlling what we can control. We remain confident that in the fullness of time, the commercial aerospace market will return to prepandemic levels. We look forward to fiscal '22 and the opportunity to create value for our stakeholders through our consistent strategy.
Now let me hand it over to Jorge to review our recent performance and a few other items.

It's possible, Noah, that we could mix up. It's possible that we're being conservative. I think there were some good news that happened in Q4 in terms of market mix and our performance. We're trying to be reasonable and transparent in what we see. There's a lot of unknowns that have to come to pass in terms of the commercial aftermarket bookings for this to all play out. So that's the angle we took and what we rolled up from our teams and think that it makes sense for us right now. If it's conservative, that will be great. We would love to beat that.

Jorge, do you want to take that one?

I don't think we have, but this is part of the, I guess, conservatism. So we try to be conservative as we forecast going forward. We haven't specifically allotted anything to supply chain disruption, but I think it is part of our belief that this could be an issue for us as we go forward. As Jorge mentioned, specifically on electronic components and those types of parts, we're seeing some supply difficulty.
In terms of inflationary pressures, I think we'd all agree that we will look to pass those along as we always have. We don't eat inflation in that regard.

Yes. I think I said it was about 0.5% drag to us.

Well, I think it's traffic growth-related. And I think we're counting on that largely being U.S.-, Europe-related. We'll have to see how it unpacks around the globe. As you guys all know, we don't have geographical information along those lines.
But we will continue to monitor this closely. If the traffic patterns come along, like we believe they might, then yes, the 20% to 30% planning, and I emphasize planning. It's difficult to issue that as guidance when -- as you know, aftermarket bookings tend to be book and ship. You don't have as much visibility. So this is for planning purposes. And every business will have a slightly different plan along those lines. But we tried to give you a roll-up of the range that will be based, I think, largely on takeoff and landing activity.

Well, I think we're concerned about the first quarter only -- I guess, concerned, too strong of a word. We always see a normal dip in sequential from Q4 to Q1 given the less days. So I think we're always concerned that the market doesn't accurately predict that.
To give you some reason to believe in what we're saying, the bookings came out for Q4 very strong. And we booked ahead of shipments. That's as encouraging for us clearly and means that we're setting ourselves up for a strong position into '22. But Q1 is always a little bit weaker because of seasonal performance.

Well -- and you've really zeroed in on why we struggle to give guidance on these numbers because I don't have that visibility. I don't understand where it's going to come from. This is -- this comes as a roll-up from all of our teams who tell us what they think they see happening in the marketplace based on what the customers are telling them.
It is not -- it's not so easy for me to predict by region, by platform. So we don't, and that's why I'm giving you some planning guidance that what we're planning on should happen. But how it actually gets to us, we don't -- it's not so clear where the orders are and where their shipments are and, therefore, what traffic needs to look like and is the -- the recovery in China, does that happen. What we're counting on is a consistent, steady recovery like what we've seen, and that should give us these kinds of aftermarket improvement numbers.

Yes.

Well, the -- at the end of the day, the market says what a property is worth, and it's up to us to follow what the market says we have to pay. We are looking for highly engineered proprietary aerospace products that have aftermarket access. The size of those businesses doesn't matter as much as we want to identify those and get them into the fold. We believe that we can invest in those businesses and make them stronger.
We're not looking for bigger and bigger deals. Our target is to acquire $50 million to $100 million a year. That's what works in our model and allows us to keep generating the kinds of value returns that we do. We're not getting overly fixated on doing a large deal. But when they come along, we certainly look at them. We evaluate them. And in the ones that we've proceeded with, I think we've done pretty well.
The market looks -- it's definitely picking up in activity. And it's always hard to predict when a close will happen. But we're seeing some interesting activity right now, and it's encouraging.

Yes. I don't have the numbers in front of me. Jorge can comment on that. But I think we are very disciplined in our approach to adding back, and that is one of the hallmarks of our operations discipline.
Jorge, do you want to expand on that?

Yes. In general, we found that the OEMs and the Tier 1s were a little bit slow to respond in midyear 2020 as the pandemic was ramping up. So we believe there's some natural inventory destocking continuing to go on. The orders are starting to come in. As I mentioned, the bookings were up in the commercial OE in Q4. So that's a positive indicator. I don't have the details in terms of how it lays in across fiscal year 2022.
But we don't think there's any significant issue there. It's just the timing and the lag of the OEM shutting off the valve, if you will, on the supply in 2020 and now, I'd say, continue to ramp up in production.

No. I think the guidance that we provided is reasonable. As you guys might know and remember, the defense markets in general have been very strong over the past 2 to 3 years. They can be lumpy in nature in terms of the bookings. So I think the guidance that we're providing is within a reasonable range.

Yes. I think in general, our passenger submarket, which is our largest submarket, has been strong as well as the cargo, as I noted in Q4, and sequentially ramped up across 2021. I don't think we have any data that would point it to a specific type of product or application. Generally, the airlines are starting to increase their flight schedules, which is positive. And they're ordering spares based on needs.

I think it's market recovery, international markets, people flying again on an international scale and continued domestic travel. We know that business travel isn't a huge percentage of overall flights, but still very important to airlines in how they gear up their fleets and capacitize. So this is what we'd be looking at, is acceptance and continued international flight activity, more domestic recovery in other pockets around the world to look more similar to where the U.S. is, which is very close, within 10% to 20% of what it was pre-COVID. So I think those are the things we're looking at.
And there's still a lot of unknowns. You see the -- China's traffic activity bounce around quite a bit. Every couple of months, they're shutting down and then coming back. These are the things that don't give us the confidence to give guidance, but we know that the market continues to improve and move forward at a steady rate. Does that answer your question?

Yes, it's possible. But we anticipate a similar process to -- or similar conclusions to last time. We'll see as we're still in the dark on the reports and some of its details. We've had a very cooperative, I think, work process going on with the IG and the DoD. And I think we're in a good place, but we're anxious to get the report issued and move on with business.

We can't speculate on when acquisitions will happen. We always -- and this goes back to what I said earlier in the uses of capital, fund your own internal investment and payback, look for acquisitions and then, of course, look to get that cash back. We will look to do that, of course, in the appropriate process that we always go through.
We can't speculate on when acquisitions might come along or not. We just know that right now, from paying out a dividend or buying back shares, we're still in a little bit of a wait until next quarter. Does that make sense?

Yes. I think next quarter is a decision point for us.

I think aftermarket orders for more immediate shipments, but that doesn't mean they're all due tomorrow. So there is still a little bit of a range over when these things are due that's why it bleeds over quarter-to-quarter. In general, I think we're optimistic because we see bookings continue to improve, and that means growth in aftermarket as we go forward and why we're planning on 20% to 30% possible aftermarket growth.

That's a fair comment. I don't think it's unusual. In a steady state, we have airlines and distribution partners that will book some near term, and they also give us and the team some visibility on mid- and longer-term needs.

Yes. That is correct.

Yes. I would say there was nothing material in terms of what was left at the dock, if you will. There's some noise here and there at a couple of operating units, but I don't think it provides a big tailwind as we go into FY '22.

The way we look at this is when the orders come in, we'll deliver them quicker and more reliably than anyone, and we will generate the returns and value generation we're used to, you're used to. There's no company you can count on to do that more reliably than us. Yes, we're just trying to communicate that there's always puts and takes and lumps in this business.

Yes. Business as usual. But some of our customers maybe aren't yet receiving us. But certainly, within the company, we are back to normal, yes.

But the lion's share of this is productivity and new business-related. It is not infrastructure, nice-to-haves kind of stuff. We're investing for payback and return. And that, at the end of the day, is the most important part of what we evaluate, is what returns are we expecting. As we invest a little more or less, we have to make sure we're still capturing those returns.

Yes. As you know, retirements have been very slow, and I think that has something to do with the stability of OEM supply and a ramp up in demand that doesn't allow retirements. Yes, we -- I think that answers the question.