Thanks, Nick. I would like to take this opportunity to personally thank Nick for his counsel, support and mentorship over the last 7 years. He has made the succession planning process a rewarding experience for both of us. I look forward to continuing our work together with this fantastic team as we embrace our modified rules.
Now to the business of today is I will first provide my regular review of results by key market and profitability of the business for the quarter. I'll also comment on recent acquisition and divestiture activity and outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2021.
Our current Q3 results have returned to positive growth as we are now lapping the first quarter of fiscal 2020 fully impacted by the pandemic. However, our results continue to be unfavorably impacted in comparison to pre-pandemic levels due to the reduced demand for air travel. 
On a positive note, the commercial aerospace industry has increasingly shown signs of recovery with vaccination rates expanding and increased air traffic, especially in certain domestic markets. In our business, we saw another quarter of sequential improvement in commercial aftermarket revenues with total commercial aftermarket revenues up 6% over Q2. Additionally, I am very pleased that we continue to sequentially expand our EBITDA as defined margin. Contributing to this increase is the continued recovery in our commercial aftermarket revenues as well as the careful management of our cost structure and focus on our operating strategy in this challenging commercial environment. 
Now we will review our revenues by market category. For the remainder of the call, I will provide color commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2020. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. This market discussion includes the acquisition of Cobham Aero Connectivity. We began to include Cobham in this market analysis discussion in the second quarter of fiscal 2021. This market discussion also removes the impact of any divestitures completed by the end of Q3.
In the commercial market, which typically makes up 65% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. Our total commercial OEM revenue increased approximately 1% in Q3 compared with Q3 of the prior year. Bookings in the quarter were very strong and solidly outpaced sales. Sequentially, both Q3 revenue and bookings improved approximately 10% compared to Q2.
Although we expect demand for our commercial OEM products to continue to be reduced in the short term, we are encouraged by build rates gradually progressing at the commercial OEMs. Recent commentary from Airbus and Boeing also included anticipated rate ramps for their narrow-body platforms in the near future. Hopefully, this will play out as forecasted. 
Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenues increased by approximately 33% in Q3 when compared to prior year Q3. Growth in commercial aftermarket revenues was primarily driven by increased demand in our passenger submarket, although all of our commercial aftermarket submarkets were up significantly compared to prior year Q3. 
Sequentially, total commercial aftermarket revenues grew approximately 6% in Q3. Commercial aftermarket bookings are up significantly this quarter compared to the same prior year period, and Q3 bookings continued to outpace sales.
To touch on a few key points of consideration. Global revenue passenger miles are still low but modestly improving each month. Though the time line and pace of recovery -- of the recovery remains uncertain with expanded vaccine distribution and lifting of travel restrictions, passenger demand across the globe will increase as there is global pent-up demand for travel. The Delta variant of COVID and other future evolutions may further complicate this picture. Time will tell. 
We see evidence of this demand through the recovery in domestic travel. Domestic air traffic increased each month during our fiscal Q3 and into July. Airlines also continued to see strength in bookings and strong demand for domestic travel, especially in the U.S. And Europe is also starting to pick up. China has now become a watch point, however.
The pace of the international air traffic recovery has been slow, and international revenue passenger miles have only slightly recovered. There is potential for international travel opening more as vaccinations increase and governments across the world start to revise travel restrictions.
Cargo demand has recovered quicker than commercial travel due to the loss of passenger belly cargo and the pickup in e-commerce. Global cargo volumes are now surpassing pre-COVID levels. 
Business jet utilization data has shown that activity in certain regions has rebounded to pre-pandemic or even better levels. This rebound is primarily due to personal and leisure travel as opposed to business travel. Time will tell if business travel -- or business jet utilization continues to expand but current trends are encouraging. 
Now let me speak about our defense market, which traditionally is at or below 35% of our total revenue. The defense market revenue, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, grew by approximately 12% in Q3 when compared with the prior year period. Our defense order book remains strong, and we continue to expect our defense business to expand throughout the remainder of the year. No particular program was driving this uptick as the growth was well distributed across the business. 
Moving to profitability. I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA as defined. EBITDA as defined of about $559 million for Q3 was up 32% versus prior Q3. EBITDA as defined margin in the quarter was approximately 45.9%. We were able to sequentially improve our EBITDA as defined margin versus Q2. 
Next, I will provide a quick update on our recent acquisition and divestitures. The Cobham acquisition integration is progressing well. We have now owned Cobham a little over 7 months and are pleased with the acquisition thus far. 
On the divestiture front, we closed the sales of Technical Airborne Components, ScioTeq and TREALITY during Q3. The divestiture of these 3 less proprietary and mostly defense businesses was previously discussed on our Q2 earnings call. As a reminder, for the divestitures, the financial results of these businesses will remain in continuing operations for all periods they were under TransDigm ownership. 
Now moving to our outlook for 2021. We are still not in a position to issue formal guidance for the remainder of fiscal 2021. We will look to reinstitute guidance when we have a clearer picture of the future. We, like most aero suppliers, are hopeful that we will realize a more meaningful return of activity in the second half of the calendar year. We continue to be encouraged by the recovery we have seen in our commercial OEM and aftermarket bookings throughout the fiscal year, along with the continued improvement we have seen in our commercial aftermarket revenues. 
As for the defense market and consistent with our commentary on the Q2 earnings call, we expect defense revenue growth in the mid-single-digit percent range for fiscal 2021 versus prior year. 
Additionally, given the continued uncertainty in the commercial market channels and consistent with our past commentary, we are not providing an expected dollar range for fiscal 2021 EBITDA as defined. We assume another steady increase in commercial aftermarket revenue in this last quarter of our fiscal year and expect full year fiscal 2021 EBITDA margin roughly in the area of 44%, which could be higher or lower based on the rate of commercial aftermarket recovery. This includes a dilutive effect to our EBITDA margin from Cobham Aero Connectivity. Mike will provide details on other fiscal '21 financial assumptions and updates. 
Let me conclude by stating that I'm pleased with the company's performance in this challenging time for the commercial aerospace industry and with our commitment to driving value for our stakeholders. The commercial aerospace market recovery continues to progress, and current trends are encouraging. There is still uncertainty about the pace of recovery, but the team remains focused on controlling what we can control. We continue to closely monitor the ongoing developments in the commercial aerospace industry and are ready to meet the demand as it returns. 
We look forward to this final quarter of our fiscal 2021 and expect that our consistent strategy will continue to provide the value you have come to expect from us. 
With that, I would now like to turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman.

Hopefully, we're conservative. We feel comfortable given the visibility we have right now that 44% makes sense. So hopefully, it's conservative and will do better. We're not anticipating anything detrimental in the fourth quarter.

Yes. For year-to-date, we're up considerably. For the quarter, we are -- it can be lumpy. So you're right to say that it's a little bit off, down 7%. We were up significantly last quarter. We still are booking more than we're shipping in both quarters. So I think that's also the way to look at it.

I think it's progressing reasonably normally. They're placing orders. We're filling them. They're -- distribution is a smaller part of our business than it used to be. It's somewhere below 20% of our business now. The rest of it, we handle directly in the aftermarket. 
And their POS, their sales to the market look similar to ours, quite frankly. So the business is performing about how we would expect. We don't offer volume-based discounts for a significant percentage of our business. So it doesn't encourage overstocking in the channel.

Yes. The DoD IG audit, we look to have a rough draft this fall and a publication shortly thereafter. We still have not seen that but still anticipate -- and still, quite frankly, anticipate similar conclusions to prior audits. So that's what we see right now. 
We have closely worked with the DoD, the IG, in regular weekly meetings to review information data and build a working group to continue to improve our relationship with the DoD and the important players on the defense side of the house. So that's what we know so far. But yes, sometime this fall.

I think it has to be all of the above. We're certainly seeing whatever destocking they had come to an end. But we are seeing increased takeoff and landing cycles, which we think are important to follow this industry and certainly preparing for future capacity and needs. I think all 3 are at play here. I don't have any ability to differentiate which one is the most important, but I think they're all happening.

We don't break down our sales by region. It's difficult for us to tell. As we sell to airlines, we still sell 20% or so through distribution. So it's difficult for me to tell you geographic split. 
Obviously, we follow the takeoff and landings, flight cycles very closely. Many of you publish different reports on that. And what we've seen recently is similar to what we saw a few months ago. China domestically will have a -- will retreat and then come back. And we're in a retreat period right now. 
I can only assume that's because of something COVID-related, but I don't know beyond that. So hence, why I say it's a watch item. Obviously, our visibility and knowledge of what's happening on the ground there is somewhat limited.

Yes. We have seen solid growth in defense this year. It is obviously an important segment. We continue to look for opportunities to prune that, as you've just heard. And we're happy with our defense portfolio today. 
As I look forward, I think continued modest growth will be the future. I think there's enough political -- geopolitical unrest in the world that will continue this. We are also not involved in the sort of the boots on the ground part of defense. So we're on the technology, the unmanned. We're in space. I think we're on the right side of defense business to continue to grow. 
As I looked at our growth for the quarter, I couldn't really point to one program that was leading the day. It's nice growth across the board. Our parachutes business has been doing well. The F-35 business has continued to do well for us, but it's really across the board.

I would expect this to be lumpy. I would expect there to be fits and starts. I don't think you're going to have a seamless perfect growth out of this. But I still expect things to be moving in the improving direction. But it doesn't mean -- much like we say defense can at times be lumpy, we've said from the beginning that we anticipate this recovery will also be lumpy in the way we ship product.

Things have improved. They were improving monthly, much like -- if you look at the world's global takeoff and landings, it continued to improve. Europe has come back. That's certainly driving our business on the commercial aftermarket side. Does that -- maybe refine your question?

I don't think so. I think things are gradually improving, and the bookings are gradually improving. Within the quarter, you can get lumpiness within the quarter as well. So what we look at is our -- is flight activity continuing to ramp up, and it is. And that's what gives us encouragement for the future. We also see an order book that's up significantly year-over-year and sequentially is improving.

We've seen some improvement from Schneller business -- sorry, we've seen some improvement from Schneller business. We've also seen some of -- our higher-volume runners have been slower on some products, some of our larger aftermarket businesses is the way I mean. But in general, it's happening across the business. I don't think we're seeing any loss of business, any loss of shipset content as we go forward. 
We continue to monitor the PMA and used market very closely. So anything that's happening is just timing in the marketplace and airlines picking and choosing what they're working on.

Well, we've certainly seen an uptick in biz jet cycles, I think, up quite dramatically this last quarter. We're getting back close to the pre-pandemic levels. I think the bulk of it is still leisure-oriented, it has to be. Most of travel is leisure-oriented. I think we're starting to see some business travel mix in there. But business jet has been a bright spot, but it's a very small part of our business, I think about 15%.

It's -- we run R&D through our individual businesses. So it's a function of the programs and what they do at our individual. We don't have a central R&D team, as you probably know. So this is all linked to programs and projects locally for the business.

Yes. We'll work on good stuff. Nick is telling me we only work on good stuff. And I think he's right.

Yes. I assume given the takeoff and landing that it's a reasonable headwind for us. But we're market-weighted. So you have to look at what's flying. Recently, we've seen more wide-bodies flying domestic routes, A350s and 787s and the like doing longer domestic routes than they did previously.
So I think as we look at the business, we've been slightly surprised that wide-body doing a little better than we thought it would given what we thought was just a narrow-body -- largely narrow-body market. So we don't have it all split out, and we don't look at it that way on a quarterly-quarterly basis. But we tend to be market-weighted here, and so we follow the takeoffs and landings.

Yes. It's difficult for us to get into the political sphere. So we will react as things -- but not speculate.