Thanks, Nick. Today, I will first provide my regular review of results by key markets and profitability of the business for the quarter, and then cover fiscal 2021 outlook and some COVID-19-related topics. 
Q4 was a challenging quarter that closed out our fiscal 2020 against the backdrop of a continued slowdown across the commercial aerospace industry and a difficult global economy. In Q4, we continue to see a significant unfavorable impact on our business from the pandemic as demand for travel has remained depressed.
Despite these headwinds, I am pleased that we were able to achieve a Q4 EBITDA as defined margin of 42.4%, which was a sequential improvement from our Q3 EBITDA as defined margin and in spite of the mix impact of low commercial aftermarket sales. Achieving this Q4 margin was primarily a result of our quick preemptive cost reduction actions and continued focus on our operating strategy.
Now we will review our revenues by market category. For the remainder of the call, I will provide color commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2019 that is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods.
In the commercial market, which typically makes up close to 65% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. Our total commercial OEM market revenue declined approximately 42% in Q4 and approximately 23% for full year fiscal 2020 when compared with prior year periods. The pandemic has caused a significant negative impact on the commercial OEM market. We are under the assumption that demand for our commercial OEM products will continue to be significantly reduced during fiscal 2021 due to reductions in OEM production rates and airlines deferring or canceling new aircraft orders. Longer term, the impact of COVID-19 is fluid and continues to evolve, but we anticipate significant negative impacts on our commercial OEM end market for some uncertain period of time.
On a positive note, it is encouraging that the MAX is moving closer to recertification in several countries, although the near-term impact to our business will likely be minimal given the low build rates. 
Now moving to our commercial aftermarkets business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenues declined by approximately 50% in Q4 and approximately 22% for full year fiscal 2020 when compared with prior year periods. In the quarter, the decline in the commercial transport aftermarket was primarily driven by decreased demand in the passenger and interior submarkets. There was also a decline in the commercial transport freight market, but at a less impactful rate.
Our quarterly commercial aftermarket bookings were down in line with observed revenue passenger mile declines as a result of the decrease in air travel demand and uncertainty surrounding COVID. Q4 did demonstrate sequential bookings improvement, although modest.
The decline in demand for air travel began late in our Q2 as global restrictions on business and shelter-in-place orders went into effect in response to the pandemic. This led to a significant reduction in global flight capacity and parked aircraft across the world. Certain markets have reopened, while others, particularly international markets, remain closed or are enforcing strict quarantines. Airlines have added back some flight capacity, and there have been relatively steady increases in global passenger travel since its trough in April, but it has been a slow recovery thus far. Recent resurgences of global COVID-19 cases and renewed lockdowns in certain countries, along with the end of the summer leisure travel season, have also compounded the slow recovery. Recent vaccine news is certainly encouraging and should drive recovery. However, the timing of vaccine approval and rollout is still not clear.
Considering these variables, the shape and speed of the recovery remains uncertain. To touch on a few key points of consideration: global revenue passenger miles are still at unprecedented lows, though off of the bottom. As a result of the pandemic, IATA recently forecast a 66% decrease in revenue passenger miles in calendar year 2020 compared with 2019. 
Cargo demand was weaker prior to COVID-19 crisis as FTKs had declined from an all-time high in 2017. However, a loss of passenger belly cargo due to flight restrictions and reduced passenger demand has helped cargo operations to be impacted to a less extent by COVID-19 than commercial travel.
Business jet utilization data was pointing to stagnant growth before this downturn. Now during the pandemic and in the aftermath, the outlook for business jets remains unpredictable as business jet flights are rebounding, but due to personal and leisure travel as opposed to business travel. And now that we have exited the summer leisure travel season and face the winter season, the sustainability of this trend is especially difficult to foresee. 
Although the long-term impacts of the pandemic are hard to predict, we do believe the commercial aftermarket will recover as long as air traffic continues to improve. Clearly, a COVID vaccine would accelerate this. We believe the world will once again embrace travel in ever-growing numbers, but for now the timing of the recovery is uncertain. In the meantime, we will continue to make the necessary business decisions and remain focused on our value drivers. 
Now let me speak about our defense market, which is typically about 35% of our total revenue. The defense market, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, grew by approximately 7% in Q4 and approximately 1% for full year 2020 when compared with prior year periods. As a reminder, we are lapping tough prior year comparisons as our defense revenue accelerated in most of fiscal year 2019. Year-to-date, defense bookings were up high single digits and have solidly outpaced year-to-date sales.
Sequentially, quarterly defense sales grew over 20% quarter-to-quarter, but as we have said many times, defense sales and bookings can be lumpy. We continue to expect our defense business to expand due to the strength of the current order book. 
Now moving to profitability. I'm going to talk primarily about our operating performance or EBITDA as defined. EBITDA as defined of about $498 million for Q4 was down 30% versus prior Q4. On a full year basis, EBITDA as defined was about $2.28 billion, down 6% from the prior year. 
EBITDA as defined margin in the quarter was approximately 42.4%. I'm pleased that amid a disrupted commercial aerospace industry, we were able to expand our EBITDA as defined margin by almost 100 basis points sequentially. We were able to achieve such an EBITDA as defined margin primarily as a result of our stringent cost mitigation efforts and consistent focus on our operating strategy. Our COO, Jorge Valladares, and really the entire operations and business unit team structure that we have, provided strong leadership during this very difficult time.
Now moving to our outlook for 2021. As Nick previously mentioned, we will not provide fiscal 2021 sales, EBITDA as defined and net income guidance at this time. We will look to reinstate guidance when there is less uncertainty and we have a clearer picture of the future. Currently, we expect COVID-19 to continue to have a significant adverse impact on our financial results during fiscal 2021, under the assumption that both our commercial OEM and aftermarket customer demand will remain depressed due to lower worldwide air travel, although recent news of an effective vaccine could impact these assumptions quite favorably.
As for the defense market, customer demand here is more stable, and we feel comfortable giving some color on expectations. We currently expect defense revenue growth in the low single-digit to mid-single-digit percent range for fiscal 2021 versus prior year.
Given the uncertainty in the aftermarket channels, we are not providing an expected dollar range for EBITDA as defined for the new fiscal year. We assume a steady increase in commercial aftermarket revenue going forward and expect full year fiscal 2021 EBITDA margin to be roughly in the area of 44%, which could be higher or lower based on the rate of commercial aftermarket recovery. Barring any other substantial disruption of the commercial aerospace industry recovery, we anticipate EBITDA margins will move up throughout the year, with Q1 being the lowest and sequentially lower than Q4.
As in past years with roughly 10% less working days than the subsequent quarters, fiscal year 2021 Q1 revenues, EBITDA, EBITDA margins are anticipated to be lower than the other 3 quarters of fiscal year 2021, roughly in proportion to the lower working days. Additionally, as discussed on the Q3 earnings call, many of our businesses have taken the opportunity to explore new business opportunities by working on developing highly engineered solutions for emerging needs arising from COVID, including antiviral or antimicrobial technologies, air purification and touchless technologies, to name a few. A cross-TransDigm team is in place led by Joel Reese, one of our most experienced executive vice presidents, to help drive this effort and is continuing to look for opportunities, and we'll update in the future. Mike will provide details on other fiscal 2021 financial assumptions. 
Let me conclude by stating that although fiscal 2020 was a challenging year, it is a statement to our ability to expertly execute through difficult and unexpected circumstances. I am very pleased with the speed at which TransDigm has responded to the unprecedented pandemic, taking immediate actions to protect employees from the spread of the virus, while also dealing with the disruption impacting the broader commercial aerospace industry. 
There is still much uncertainty about the commercial aerospace market recovery. However, we have a strong tenured management team that continues to remain agile and ready to act as necessary. We are not taking our foot off the gas. The team is focused on controlling what we can control, while also monitoring the ongoing developments in the commercial aerospace industry and ensuring that we are ready to respond to the demand as it comes back.
I have the utmost confidence that through our swift cost mitigation efforts and focus on our operating strategy, the company will emerge more strongly from the ongoing weakness in our primary commercial end markets. We look forward to 2021 and the opportunity to create value for our stakeholders. 
With that, I'll hand it over to our CFO, Mike Lisman.

I'll take that first. I think incremental margins as we guided would -- we believe they will continue to improve during the year. I think that's important to note, but dependent on aerospace recovery and people continuing to fly, is there a second wave? Is that a concern that slows us down? I think all of these factors will weigh in. 
But right now, we anticipate things will continue to improve. We will make the most, I've said this before on our earnings calls and I'll say it again. We will make the most of the opportunity of whatever revenue comes our way in this lumpy recovery that we're seeing. And we will make the most of it. We just don't see enough visibility yet to give more clarity on the go forward.

I think there was also an earlier part to your question, which was about how many heads will we bring back and costs will return. And I'll say the same point on that we've made many times, and I think similar to what Nick has said in the past, is we will bring heads back as the volume dictates, but in a very reduced manner. We will be stringent on that and ensure that we bring costs back in a very slow and timely manner, so that we don't let things run away.

Absolutely.

I think the best way to follow this is to look at the flight takeoff and landings. And as we've seen them increase, we're at about 50% of where we were globally. I think that's the way to follow. We need people flying. We need planes taking off and landing. That's what generates aftermarket content, and that's what we need to follow. 
And right now, that's largely plateauing with this second wave. We'll see how this comes -- how this changes over the next couple of months with this -- the advent of a vaccine.

Clearly, inventory in the channel is something to consider. We don't get a lot of visibility on inventory in the channel with OEM partners or airlines. It is largely unknown. What we do know is our distribution partners. And I will tell you that their POS is running in line with our performance. So they're very much in lockstep and very much in lockstep with takeoff and landings. So we're seeing that come together. 
What was the rest of the question? Repeat that, Carter.

Yes. Geographies, Carter, we don't comment on. It's hard for us to see geographies anyway because of the way our products are sold either through OEMs or airlines distribution partners. We don't see much on the geography side. 
I know in talking to our partners in Asia, the distribution partners there that we have, that they are seeing an uptick. They're seeing more consumption because of the domestic business that has now returned to largely the same internal China flight metrics as before. So that continues to be good performance geographically. That's probably the only color I can give you is that things appear to be improving, although at a conservative rate there. I think the lack of international flight activity is certainly slowing that business down. 
But I think the piece -- we've touched on USM in the past and how that's not a big driver for us. I think the only piece you have to keep in mind is the amount of inventory that may be present is dependent on our sales process and philosophy. We do not give volume discounts to the field, so there's going to be less available inventory as some people may give volume discounts. If you buy 100 pieces, you may save something. We don't do that at all. It's one of the things that we look to remove on acquisition. So that's something to keep in mind.

Yes. That's right, yes.

Right.

Yes.

On the defense side?

Yes. I think it's F-35. APKWS is a major program for us. It hits several platforms. But beyond that, we're nicely market weighted to the key opportunities. I can hit on a couple of some parachutes business here or there that's important to us. But we're market weighted on platforms, but I ticked off two that -- APKWS and F-35, that immediately come to mind.

Got it.

Yes. I would say hopefully we're conservative in our approach. We don't know of any headwind necessarily. It's interesting that you note low growth rate in 2020, but that's -- historically that's been right where we historically are, 0% to 1% or 2%. So low given where we were over the last couple of years, but historically in line. So we don't really see it so low, but there's more opportunity as we go into '21. 
We have a strong order book. You saw the way we closed the year out with very strong bookings in the fourth quarter. I think we're in a good position. It's just can we get it out and do they want to receive it per the original order schedule?

I think that's the right way to look at it, we would hope that it would be up a little bit in key areas, and that's the way we're looking at it, but we don't know what up a little bit means. We're just seeing a little bit of increased flight activity. And until that crystallizes with vaccine, it's not going to lead to greater aftermarket growth numbers.

Yes.

I don't know if we know enough to say that, if I can tick off all of the reasons why it might fall short with uncertainty and unknowns. But I think it's maybe an okay way to look at it that we're still thinking that 2023, we would see things returning back to normal or a significant of the way to normal. I'm not sure we're still back all the way to where we were in '19. I think there'll still be some overhang, but I think there'll be a significant uptick between now and then. And it will be gradual at first. And with virus -- or vaccine, I should say, I would expect a sharp change when -- because there's pent-up demand to fly. I don't know how else to think about it than that. And to keep yourself lean and nimble so that you can respond to the orders that come in and be prepared to bring people back if needed, that's the way we're viewing this.

I don't...

Yes. But the volume difference in H1 '20 versus H1 '21 will be dramatically different. We have adjusted costs, but I don't expect to see the margin run up quite that fast.

I really -- I don't have that much visibility to that. I -- yes, I don't have that much visibility to it. So I don't know if I have a nice answer for you. I think -- I'm sure in this market, people are price-sensitive. I'm sure they're concerned about prices. We have historically been able to maintain pricing in downturns. That's historically what we've been able to do, and we would assume we would be able to do that through this downturn.

No change.

I'm not sure that we're not already with the market. I'm sure there's a -- there's some sort of a discount to the takeoff and landings that we see. I simply pointed out that I think it's a good way to look at our business. I'm not sure that -- I see things coalescing so much as people fly more. As there's more activity, we will see more aftermarket activity necessarily. I think we're in a pretty good place as I look at POS down about the same as flight activity is. I think that we're in line with where I would expect to be. And as people fly more, that we will see the aftermarket improve. Does that answer your question?

But RPM, surely -- they surely aren't giving you a tailwind. They are not.

I think we've seen in general that bizjet, heli markets get a little bit better. I tried to comment a little bit on it in my prepared notes that, that has -- it's been a source of steady improvement as we have seen the takeoff and landing cycles for business jet get closer to where they were pre-COVID. Still way off of 2008, but back closer to where they were pre-COVID faster than large aerospace has recovered. But it appears to be due largely to leisure COVID avoidance activities, if you will, not necessarily business travel. As the weather cools, we're not sure that, that will continue, but it has been a source of modest strength. Now this is a small market segment for us, about 15%, so it's not a major place for us to see a driver.

It's hard for me to know -- I commented earlier that we don't get inventory information or much of it from the large OEMS. We guess that there's not as much there. But beyond that, there's not much to know. 
So yes, we watch it closely. From an order book point of view, things are down a little bit more than what we might, or basically in line with their building -- their adjustments to build rates. But I think it just bears close watching. I don't see that changing down much more faster or up until we see more stability in the build rates. 
I know there is some indication that Airbus may raise rates, we'll have to see. I don't doubt them. We'll do whatever they book to the market, we will deliver parts for. But with the MAX coming back on board, I think OEM is a concern a little bit as we go forward on how much inventory is out there. We are seeing consistent results quarter-over-quarter. So that may indicate that the inventory is being dealt with and being dealt with reasonably quickly, but we'll have to see how this rolls forward. I don't have much better visibility than that for you.

I would -- I guess holistically say, sure. We factored all of that into our general concerns about the market as we go forward. Available green time, what planes they have available, I think all of this adds to the general uncertainty of the market as we go forward. And we just continue to focus on just takeoffs and landings as a predictor for what the market is going to do.

Yes. I would just agree completely. I don't think there is anything that has come up there. On the defense side, we have continued to implement the cost reductions and the like to improve the businesses. And I think they're better than the way we found them. We just don't see the same level of shareholder value generation in those businesses as we might see in some other ones. So we want to focus where we can make a difference in those businesses that align with our strategy. That's the only thing that's different here. And we did comment from the beginning, I think much like you saw was Souriau and -- that some businesses we would evaluate and look to offload if we didn't see the value-generation possibilities there.

I've not seen anything that looks different to me yet at all. I've not seen any fundamental changes to the market or the way business is done to indicate that there would be a delay in the way we would see a recovery as people started to fly more.

Yes. We -- remember, aftermarket bookings are booked and shipped within the quarter. There is backlog that carries over from quarter to quarter. So you can, I guess, draw the wrong conclusions by just looking at that. We're still seeing strong bid activity in general as we look at the POS data. Order book is in line with the takeoff and landing activities. So it's in line with what we're talking about. I'm not -- I don't know the exact percentage as I'm sitting -- as I'm talking to you right now. 
But it's not a -- yes, it's a concern as we go forward as we're looking. We have to continually follow the takeoff and landing cycles. There is some backlog in aftermarket, but not to the extent of OEM or defense. So it is booked and shipped within the quarter. So that's part of the uncertainty as we go forward, as we look forward and why it would be difficult to provide guidance right now. If I had better visibility on that, we would be able to do that. Right now, we can't. So we'll have to see how this unfolds with people flying. 
Right now, we're -- we feel like we're in the right place for the way the business is recovering. We've not seen any fundamental changes. We've not seen more use of USM, more USM flooding, more delays in any maintenance activity in reality. The bulk of our products are not exposed to C and D checks. They're A and B checks as we reviewed in previous quarters with you guys. 
We don't see any reason why the aftermarket activity will not return to the same extent that is was before as people are flying like they were before. It's just going to be a little hard to predict from now to then as we recover.

Yes.

Yes. I do. We have learned about the business. We've learned about what indicators might be better predictors. Is it RPM? Is it what? We have learned some things about how to follow the business. We've learned that more reinforcing of our business model that -- as Nick has always said at the beginning, we're consistent in our approach. And that consistency, we continued and the model proved that it was resilient going through really a once-in-a-lifetime, once-in-100-year pandemic as it impacted our business that we were right. We could continue to pay the debt and the like and keep the business moving forward. We were right. 
I don't know beyond that what we've learned about the business. It just validated some things for me that this is the incredible business we thought. The team is really strong and can lead and respond quickly and they know what to do. It was more reinforcing than learning things, Ron.

We have talked about this in the past. We're more exposed to A and B than we are to C and D. So there's significant more exposure on the A and B side to those checks than to the C and D checks. We don't have to go through major checks to see opportunities for aftermarket for us.

It's more, but I don't know if we've clarified exactly how much in the past.

No. I wouldn't expect any difference from current status quo, yes. We've not seen that involvement, and I wouldn't expect it.