Good morning, and thanks, everybody, for calling in. Today, as usual, I'll start with a few summary comments on our consistent strategy, then a little bit on '18, '19. I'll make a few comments on the Esterline deal that we recently announced. Kevin and Mike will review the business performance for '18 and the outlook for '19. I'd also like to point out that Mike Lisman here will be batting third today in his first big league start. So congratulate him. 
To reiterate. We believe our business model is unique in the industry, both in its consistency and its ability to create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases in the cycle. To summarize why we believe that, about 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary products, and over 3/4 of our net sales comes from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which typically have higher margins and provide relative stability through the cycles.
Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we have to stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital. We follow a consistent, long-term strategy. Specifically, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content; secondly, we utilize a simple, well-proven, value-based operating methodology; third, we maintain a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system closely aligned with shareholders; fourth, we acquire businesses that fit our strategy and where we see a clear path to PE-like returns; and lastly, our capital structure and allocation is a key part of our value-creation methodology.
Fiscal year '18 was another good year for TransDigm. Revenues were up 9% and EBITDA up about 10% versus the prior year, and EBITDA margins again were solid. Fiscal year '19 is shaping up as another good year. The growth in revenue and EBITDA As Defined are very similar to 2018. EPS will be negatively impacted by the nonrepeating tax benefit and somewhat higher interest expense.
In fiscal year 2018, we spent about $660 million on 3 acquisitions. All 3 are good, proprietary aerospace businesses that meet our strategic and return requirements. They are performing well and currently meet or exceed our acquisition models. 
Our liquidity is strong. We closed the year with about $2.1 million of cash. And before closing Esterline or any other acquisitions or any other capital market activity in the next year, we'd expect to have about $3 billion in cash at fiscal year-end 2019. We also have close to $600 million of undrawn revolver capacity, and we have room under our credit agreement. The timing of the Esterline closure and the related financing could significantly impact the actual cash at fiscal year-end 2019. 
As I said, we have significant cash and availability. We continue to evaluate and seek M&A opportunities. We have a decent pipeline of mostly small and midsized possibilities. I can't predict or comment on possible closings, but I can say we're still working steadily at the M&A part of our business, and we're open for business.
A few comments about our recent Esterline announcement. As I think you know, we are paying about $4 billion, or roughly $2 billion in revenue; and based on public consensus information, approximately $330 million in fiscal year '19 EBITDA. As we said before, we think Esterline has been a misunderstood company. Its core aerospace and defense business makes up about 3/4 or more of the revenue. This core business has proprietary content and sole-source positions quite similar as a percent of revenue to TransDigm. 
The core aftermarket also appears significant. We estimate over 30% of the revenue. The platform positions are good, and they're fresh on the Boeing and Airbus platforms, on business and regional platforms and many military programs, including the Joint Strike Fighter. Closing could be 6 to 12 months after the signing timeframe. Could be sooner or it could be later, depending on the regulatory process, which sometimes is hard to predict. It does appear now that we will not require a Chinese antitrust filing. But we have not made any decisions on asset disposition at this time. I would not be surprised if within a year or so after the acquisition closes, we will have sold some of less-aligned assets. We don't have any specifics or dollar amounts at this time. 
This was a competitive process, as you will see from the Esterline proxy, which will soon be filed. We decided that we wanted to own this, and we paid the price to win it. Though at roughly 12x the consensus EBITDA for fiscal year '19, it is well within the range of substantial aerospace acquisitions. 
We see a clear path to our PE-like return. As I said before, the EBITDA ramp-up may be a little slower. We are not modeling this to get to TD levels -- TDG levels of EBITDA margin. This is due to a number of factors, including our hopefully conservative forecasting, since in a public process, we don't get as much on-the-ground detail as we might like, some contractual situations, and the level of non-U.S. employment. We do think the EPS-as-adjusted impact will be accretive in the first 12 months after acquisitions. 
Though the revenues have been flat in the last few years, assuming the market and economic conditions hold, we anticipate that a number of factors should contribute for a modestly more positive trend going forward. These include the stabilization of the wide-body market and Esterline's strong positions on new wide-body platforms; the business jet and regional markets, where they have good positions, appear to be improving; certain significant defense program declines seem to have bottomed out; and when combined with good, solid content on the Joint Strike Fighter, the trend here looks encouraging. And lastly, the oil and gas markets seem to have bottomed out. 
We have a good, experienced team already started on the integration planning and discussions with Esterline. This is headed by Bob Henderson, our Vice Chairman, a long-time senior executive with TransDigm. We have committed financing of $3.7 billion, which is close to the full purchase price. Depending on the timing of the closing, exactly how much of this $3.7 billion financing commitment we will use versus the roughly $3 billion in cash we may have at that time will still have to be determined, and we'll decide as we get closer. In any event, I do not expect that our net leverage at close will be out of line with our recent levels. Absent any other acquisitions or capital market activities, we should still delever about 1 turn a year thereafter. 
Now let me hand this over to Kevin, who will discuss both the '18 performance as well as the '19 guidance.

Yes. I don't want to answer for the next 6 to 12 months because I don't know what's going to develop there. I would say, for the next few months, we still have a reasonably active M&A process. We still see a fair amount of deals, mostly small to medium. I think we'll just evaluate this as the year goes on. I mean, we're -- because we're also going to have to decide how much of the $3.7 million committed financing to draw and how much of our cash to use. And I think we'll let the clock run a little bit before we make those calls. But as you know, if we decide we have extra cash, we're not going to sit on it very long.

Yes. I don't -- I think we -- we don't know this yet, Rob, and I think we're not going to make a forecast there. I think you know what the '18 numbers are. You -- I think we told you -- you have a rough idea of what we're paying and a rough idea of how we're going to finance it. So when you know that we look for a PE-like return, so you can sort of fall back into something there. I will say it probably ramps up a little slower than we might see in other situations.

I'll take the Esterline one. I think this is -- I know it has, they've said it publicly. The trainer, they have a pretty good position on that. The Joint Strike Fighter, they have a pretty good position. I don't know the answer on the other ones, so I can't answer it.

Yes, and the TransDigm -- why don't you take the TransDigm question...

It's gone through the regulatory process, and I just don't want to comment on that. We have reached out and talked to our customers, and by and large, what we get back is positive. But it's going through a process.

You mean the people [ pull work away ]?

We wouldn't expect that to happen. I could never predict the future, but we wouldn't expect that to happen. And there aren't any consents required to close this either.

Well, I think there's a couple. One, as you know, David, I don't want to comment on that. I've probably said as much as I can say. And it also wouldn't surprise me if we had some asset dispositions along the way. So it's not as straight a shot. And I think that's about as much as I can say. We feel, for the price we pay, you can pretty well sort of assign a typical kind of leverage we use to it to get the equity, solve it back with a constant -- without any arbitrage, and get an  EBITDA that solves you back to a PE kind of return, and I think you get a pretty good idea of what that is.

That's as much as I want to talk about.

Sheila, I lost you in the middle. You kind of faded out, Sheila.

Yes. I'll take them in inverse order. There's a fairly high percent of non-U.S. employment. And our view is that's probably going to be a little tougher to get the productivity out of than typically in the U.S. businesses. So that tends to make us a little -- pretty conservative on that. Hopefully, we're quite conservative. Time will tell. On the contracts, there are -- there is some number of, what I call TINA contracts, that's government price-controlled contracts, or price controlled. And there's not a terrible, high amount of them. But there's also some LTAs in there with different customers that are less attractive than we'd like to see, and we just got to live with them. They'll burn off, but it might be 4, 5 years before they do.

I would -- a couple of things. One, the 330, by the way, just to be clear, that's the consensus, that's the public consensus '19 EBITDA. That's not what we're endorsing or not endorsing. I would say it's -- the improvement comes from the whole cross-section activities we understand when we buy a business. I think I told you a little bit in the prepared script why even though they've been flat for the last 3 years, we think the next few years, just on a sort of an organic basis, looks a little better. I think I gave you the reasons why we think that. I think the other aspects, some comes from the things we always do. We're a little -- in all parts of that, I'm hopeful we're conservative. I'll say again, in a public buy, you don't get as much detailed diligence as you do in a private buy. And that tends to make you more conservative in your assumptions.