Thanks, Craig, and good afternoon, everyone. Before we dive right into the quarterly results, I'd like to first talk about how excited we are to announce the merger of Wynn Interactive into the Austerlitz Acquisition Corp. As we've been thinking about online sports betting and the iGaming space over the last few years, we knew that we had to stick to what we do, which is build great products and provide the best customer service. Wynn Interactive is now a company with over 300 people. We have some luminaries from European gaming, people -- co-founders of Bwin, that are responsible for a lot of the product that we're developing in this 300-person team.
And as we look out into the future, and we realize this is likely going to be as large as the commercial casino revenue opportunity of $40 billion over the next 5-plus years, which, by the way, that's typically about how long it takes to build one of our bricks-and-mortar properties, around 5 years, we knew that this was an opportunity that we had to capitalize on. And so as we explored various options, it became very clear that creating a pure-play public company in partnership with Bill Foley, one of the most renowned investors in the United States, was clearly the right thing to do to create those value for the Wynn Resort shareholders and for the Wynn Interactive shareholders.
Bill, just for those of you that don't know, has created over $100 billion in shareholder value during his investing career, $100 billion. He's the owner of a professional sports team. He owns luxury hospitality assets around the country. He recently completed the successful de-SPAC of Paysafe, a digital payments company that is now getting into the digital gaming space. 
So partnering with Bill and our team of 300 people and thinking about the product road map and the marketing dollars and -- that we're going to invest to ensure that we're winners in this space felt like the exact right thing to do. And we're very excited to have $640 million of committed capital injected into this company to launch this venture.
We'll be posting a presentation online after this call that has a lot more details around this merger, and we'll be spending time after this call talking about it.
With that, I'm going to go ahead and turn over to our quarterly results. And what we've been seeing in our properties in Macau, Las Vegas and in Boston has been a very similar story, momentum each month continuing to accelerate. As an example, in Macau, we generated $43.9 million of EBITDA in the first quarter, but it's moving so fast over there. I feel like talking about what we're seeing now is more relevant than what we experienced in the first quarter as we saw strength continue into February and in March. So that momentum continued in April and in May.
And in fact, during the Golden Week, which is the first week of May in Macau, we experienced and generated $3 million of normalized EBITDA per day during Golden Week, by far the highest amount of normalized profit that we've been able to generate since the onset of the pandemic at the beginning of 2020. Even with the junket volumes continuing to fluctuate between 25% and 30% of Golden Week 2019, we were able to achieve these results because we focused our business on mass and premium mass. And as we talked about in previous calls, we've been converting space that was previously for VIP into premium mass space, and we feel very comfortable and confident with our position in the Macau market.
In fact, we generated 76% of our mass volumes during the Golden Week this year compared to the Golden Week in 2019. Our hotel occupancy during Golden Week was 93%. And retail, which is continuing to be a shining star across our portfolio in North America and Macau, was up 80% over the Golden Week numbers in 2019. Going forward, in May and into June, we do expect that May will continue to see acceleration over the April results. And we are very, very excited about the summer and what's going to come in Macau. Just seeing the earnings power over Golden Week and understanding where the Chinese consumer is headed and what our position in that market is makes us more confident in our position in Macau, in the Macau market and our future development opportunities in and around Wynn Palace to continue to build on what we do best and to grow our top line and our bottom line in Macau.
Moving to North America in Las Vegas. Again, we've seen very encouraging trends. We generated $28 million in EBITDA in the first quarter. And what we really saw was right around March Madness was when the volumes began to pick up in the first quarter, and that has accelerated. As an example, in the month of April, our RevPAR, which is where we're really focused, has increased 50%, 5-0, over the first quarter results. Retail revenues in the month of April were the second-best month on record. From 2005 until April of 2021, it's the second-best month on record. And what's even more encouraging and much more than a green shoot but a clear indication of the roaring consumer that's coming back, our slot revenues in April were $25 million which was a property record, more than any other month in the history of Wynn Las Vegas.
So you take those things that we're already seeing in Las Vegas and looking at quarter-to-date, our EBITDA has already exceeded the first quarter in Las Vegas. Our weekends going forward are in the 90s in terms of hotel occupancy. And we're really focused on pricing and pricing power. Our group business is holding on and looking actually quite strong for the back half of the year. In fact, just last week, we hosted our first large group of 600 people, and it went off without a hitch. People are so happy to be back. Conventions work. Customers are excited. And as more restrictions are lifted and we're able to really start to roll out our entertainment and our night clubs and do what we do best, we think that Las Vegas' opportunity is really unique, and the best times are ahead.
Moving to Boston at Encore Boston Harbor. We achieved record EBITDA of $30 million for the quarter. And that's even with restricted operating hours and quite significant COVID restrictions in the month of January. And that trend has continued. In fact, in the second quarter, thus far, our daily EBITDA is up 30-plus percent compared to the first quarter. Encore Boston Harbor is hitting on all cylinders right now. We've been able to really rationalize the cost, run the building much more efficiently and focus on our casino customers and being the top super regional casino in the Northeast. I believe that Encore Boston Harbor is going to continue to grow quarter-over-quarter throughout this year as that property and that management team are really doing an amazing job.
With that, I'm going to turn it over to Craig to provide more details on the quarter.

No. I don't think I'd use the word unbridled right now. Well, nothing in Macau has been unbridled. The government has been very careful and cautious as to how they continually increase tourism into the market. And we do anticipate that to continue. So some of the things that I think are quite positive is we're actually seeing a lot of new customers, a lot of new premium mass customers. Premium mass was actually up during Golden Week more than mass for us, but they were both very strong. Just because Macau is an option for people to travel, and so we think that over the long term, Macau opening up to China is actually allowing us to acquire customers that we've never seen before.
So I think that each week that goes by, again, Golden Week excluded, it is getting stronger. And we -- looking at our forecast, even though the window is quite short, back half of May and into June, we're feeling pretty good about the continued strength. 
Ian, do you want to add anything to that?

This is Matt. So no, we -- our rooms haven't been remodeled since 2010. We actually were going to launch the remodel at the end of '19, and COVID-19 put a little stop to that because of all the uncertainty. Look, clearly, in hindsight, I wish we would have spent the $200 million while we were closed, but we didn't. And the idea that we need to wait because we're worried about room compression, I think, is the wrong thing to do because if you look at our property and going into 2022, we have yet to utilize our new 400,000 square foot convention center. 
And a lot of -- while the back half of '21 looks good, '22 is really strong. And so what we want to do is we want to come out of '21 and go into '22 with brand-new room product. And this is not just a soft refurb, a rag job. This is a full remodel of these rooms. And I think it's going to really be a competitive edge for us going into 2022.
Marilyn, do you have any thoughts on that?

Yes. Sure, Joe. Ian, why don't you take that one around length of stay?

Yes. No, Joe, I did not. I was just making the comment that we're continuing to see strength. I mean the month of April, for us, the first couple of weeks were a little soft with Qingming Festival and other things that were going on. And we really saw the back half of April strengthen. And then following Golden Week, we're experiencing those volumes and feel like it's going to continue to grow from that level.

I don't actually remember saying that we're taking other people's customers, but what we have been taking are -- and seeing are new customers. And I feel very comfortable that the way we positioned our product there that we will be market share takers on the premium mass and core mass side with our assets and VIP that we're converting into the premium segment. So I do expect us to continue to increase our share on that front as we roll out really our new programs and our new product. 
Ian, do you have any more color on that?

Craig, why don't you take that one?

Sure. Robin, it's Matt. I'll talk a little bit about it and then hand it over to Craig. So as you look at the press release and the presentation, you'll find that Wynn Resorts is still the majority owner of WynnBET post-transaction. So Wynn Resorts will own roughly 58% of the company post-transaction. There are intercompany arrangements just like with our other properties for royalty streams and all of the intercompany marketing agreements. So all of that is in place. 
What's exciting for us is to have really a pure-play public company with $600-plus million of committed capital and our management team and Bill Foley ready to really go after the space over the next few years. So clearly, we're still the majority owner of that company, and we vote over 70% of it. So you should continue to think about it as a subsidiary of Wynn Resorts, fully controlled. 
And Craig, do you want to add anything else to that?

And just as an example, as we've been -- as we've launched WynnBET now in 6 states, we've seen various customers getting really excited about the bricks-and-mortar experience and the ability to participate in both sides of that. We've had one customer in the Northeast transfer hundreds of thousands of dollars to one of our casinos, and we offer lots of rewards that would include being picked up on a plane and a villa and all the things that we do at Las Vegas. 
Being able to offer that always sounded like the right idea, but we're already seeing how excited our WynnBET customers are to take advantage of that. So I fully anticipate that WynnBET will have a very large database and that the companies will be able to utilize those for both our bricks-and-mortar experience and the online experience.

It's really hard to predict. But on the past couple of calls, I've been out there saying that it feels like it probably gets back to around 50% of the pre-COVID levels. I hope I'm wrong. I hope it's more than that. But we're positioning our business for that outcome, and we're positioning our business on the continued growth in the premium mass and mass segment.

All right. Thank you, folks. Have a great day. We look forward to talking to you again.