Thanks, Craig. And welcome, everyone, to our fourth quarter conference call today. To kick it off, I'd like to start in Macau. So we are currently focused almost solely on the health and safety of our employees, our customers and the Macau community at large right now in Macau. 
I'd like to commend the government of Macau and China, in fact, for the quick and decisive action that they take and continue to take to contain the coronavirus. We're in daily conversations with the government, has been extremely transparent and we -- they have been terrific partners with us as we focus on the safety of everyone in Macau. 
In fact, on February 5 at midnight, we worked closely with the government of Macau and all of the operators in Macau to cease our casino operations at midnight on February 5. It was a controlled and organized closure of the casino. We do still have our hotel and a couple of restaurants opened for the few remaining guests that are in Macau. But during this time, while the casino is closed, our operating expense burn rate is roughly $2.4 million to $2.6 million a day, and that's largely comprised of payroll to our 12,200 employees. 
Looking back at the fourth quarter, we generated $347.7 million of EBITDA. And like the past quarters, we experienced quick growth in core mass, coupled with compression in the VIP segment. As we reported on the third quarter, October was actually quite strong, generating EBITDA of a little over $4 million a day. But we began to see deceleration, leading up to the 20th year celebration handover of Macau back to China in mid -- on December 20, just like the entire market. However, while it's a short period of time, we did notice that beginning on December 23 through January 10 in a somewhat normal operating environment, our business jumped right back to $4 million a day in EBITDA between the 2 properties on a normalized basis. 
Moving to Las Vegas, we made $80 million in EBITDA, with a $20 million negative hold impact during the quarter. On a full year, just to put it in perspective, in 2019, our baccarat volumes were down roughly 30% in 2019 compared to all of 2018, and that contributed to more than a $50 million decline in EBITDA year-over-year. 
Our domestic business continues to be up in the casino and in non-gaming. RevPAR was up over 3%, in the fourth quarter, and our retail revenues were up double digits. 
We're excited about 2020 in Las Vegas. We have a 430,000 square foot convention center that's opening in weeks to great fanfare. We have 3 new restaurants that will be more social dining focused and high energy that will be opening throughout 2020, and we'll begin the remodel of Wynn Las Vegas, the 2,700 rooms here in the summer of this year and completing before the end of 2020. So we have a lot going on in Las Vegas, and we feel really good about all of the segments of our business as we continue to monitor the Far East segment as it relates to Las Vegas. 
Looking at Encore Boston Harbor. We doubled our EBITDA from the third quarter to the fourth quarter to $15 million. Our Table Games business remains healthy. We opened -- and Table Games is healthy, and it continues to grow and to be quite strong, actually. And all the programs that we're putting in place for our slot win, we launched the Wynn rewards program, which is a first for us in North America, which is a tiered card program, we're starting to see those things work in at Encore Boston Harbor. In fact, our win per unit on the slot was up a little over 14% compared to the third quarter, and we're continuing to see incremental growth on the slot floor. 
In 2020, we're focused on continuing to match our food and beverage concepts with our customers. So destination dining for the overnight visitors as we're ramping our hotel business there and providing more quick-serve options for the daily visitors. So we feel good about the progress that we're making at Encore Boston Harbor as we continue to ramp that property throughout 2020. 
With that, I'll turn it over to Craig.

So Carlo, I think it's a little early to try to say when exactly we will reopen. We are -- again, the team on the ground is working with the government on a daily basis and watching very carefully if there will be any continued outbreak of the virus. 
And so far, we feel like things are fairly well contained, and we're just watching it very carefully. 
In terms of Macau, in general, I think the way we look at it is there's been so much investment in the region and all the new infrastructure that was just coming to fruition with the high-speed rail coming into Macau and the light rail launching, and it was really set up for a quite extraordinary 2020. We were quite excited about it. So I'm not -- I don't want to predict when operations will be back to normal. They will be eventually. We're not exactly sure when. But Macau is set up for a really great rebound. Tourism was one of the first things that rebound in events like this because people want to get out and move around and get back to normal. So we do feel good about the long-term aspect of Macau as soon as the virus is completely contained.

And Joe, we're still focused, as we've been saying for about a year now, that when -- as a convention center stabilized, and we're seeing lots of interest in it, as people are touring, it is booking quite fast. The 4 to 6 points of incremental occupancy is still the target as we get into late '20 and into '21. I think we ended the year at roughly 87% occupancy, and we want to be in the low 90s, 6 months from now.

Sure. So I'll kick it off. And then, Ian, you can chime in. But as I said before, we thought Macau was really set up for a great 2020. We're very optimistic about the new Chief Executive and the direction that he's taking Macau. We feel good about all the infrastructure that's coming in place. Clearly, the visit in December by President, she was wildly lotted around, really all throughout China as Macau has done a great job with the 1 country and 2 systems. So we feel really good about Macau's position going forward. Ian, do you have any thoughts on that?

Sure. So this is Matt. For -- on the cost containment side, in a normal operating environment, I think in all of our properties, we've been doing a very good job focusing on costs and being smart and efficient. Right now, in Macau, the roughly $1.8 million to $1.9 million a day of payroll, we are not looking at cutting that at all. Now is the time when you invest in your people. You don't do something short-term that will hurt the culture or cause any distraction. So we're investing in the community right now. Because we know this will be temporary, and we think that it's the right long-term investment. 
For Encore Boston Harbor, when we laid out the program when we opened to Analyst Day, we talked about a 2-year ramp period. Admittedly, it has launched softer than we thought, in particular on the slot side. And so we're doing a lot of work. What we realized was we didn't have quite the right food and beverage program, in particular, around quick serve for the daytime slot customer. It's actually the same thing that we went through at Wynn Palace. And when we opened, we realized we needed more quick-serve restaurants in Wynn Palace. We immediately closed 1/3 of the casino. We built Red 8. We've built 5 new restaurants in the meantime. And so we're going through that process in a very fast way at Encore Boston Harbor. Because when we see a problem, we fix it. So I think we're still in that 2-year ramp-up mode.