Thanks, Julie, and afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. I'd like to start by welcoming our new CFO, Julie, who you just heard from, to the company and to her first earnings call with us. For those who don't know Julie yet, I think you'll enjoy getting to know her. Welcome. 
Before we get to the specifics of the quarter, I want to take a moment to thank our outstanding team of 27,000 colleagues globally for their unrelenting focus on delivering the industry's best design, development and service. That dedication was again recently recognized by Forbes Travel Guide with 24 Five Star awards, the most of any independent hotel company in the world.
Turning now to the quarter and starting in Las Vegas. The team at Wynn Las Vegas had another great quarter despite the impact of Omicron in January. The property generated $159 million of EBITDA with broad-based strength across casino, hotel, food and beverage and retail, all well above pre-COVID levels. You may recall from the fourth quarter call that we expected the quarter to improve month-over-month and expected occupancy to reach the mid-80s in March. In fact, we actually hit 91% hotel occupancy in March, which contributed to an all-time record EBITDA result during the month.
Encouragingly, March strength has continued into Q2, and our forward bookings also show no signs of a slowdown with our booking pace at pre-COVID levels on substantially higher ADRs.
Now everyone on the call knows that Las Vegas as a market has experienced a rapid rebound over the past years. We certainly have been a beneficiary of that. But we're also benefiting from our own efforts of the past several years. Even during difficult times, we invested in our people and our products. We opened Delilah. We completed a refresh of the lounges adjacent to the Lake of Dreams. We opened Casa Playa and we remodeled the Wynn Tower rooms. 
We look at every inch of this market-leading property and ask ourselves, how can we make it better? How can we make it return more? It's a dedication to our craft that makes me incredibly proud and it's what drives enduring results.
Turning to Boston. Encore had a strong quarter across the casino, resulting in $55 million of EBITDA in Q1, again, despite the impact of Omicron in January. As we also discussed on the Q4 call, we expected the quarter to improve progressively month-over-month. And that's exactly what we experienced with EBITDA in March approximately 60% higher than January. 
That positive momentum has continued into Q2 with April EBITDA topping an already strong March. We spent a great deal of time during Q1 refining the plans for our upcoming development projects across the street from the property. Design and planning for that project is on schedule. We're excited for our next phase of growth in Boston. 
In Macau, the market continued to experience subdued visitation during the first quarter, particularly in the back half of the quarter, and this has continued into Q2 with market-wide GGR in April only reaching 11% of April 2019 levels. Our year-to-date results have reflected that enroll, drop and hotel occupancy. Encouragingly, during periods where the market is accessible, we see demand return very rapidly with hotel occupancy in the 65% to 75% range during portions of the recent May holiday. 
Longer term, we remain excited about the prospects for Macau with so much latent demand in the region. The market is evolving, and we are prepared to adapt and grow our business as we embrace those changes. The concession process continues to move forward according to the pre-established timeline with the amended gaming law currently progressing through the legislative assembly. We continue to be pleased with the process and with the content of the amended law. 
At Wynn Interactive, we increased net gaming revenue by 23% sequentially despite materially lower user acquisition spend. The strategy we implemented late last year to manage the business with a long-term shareholder-friendly view is working with our overall EBITDA burn rate declining to $31.5 million in Q1, better than the $40 million range we discussed on our call. With the Massachusetts Senate passing a sports betting bill several weeks ago and now in reconciliation with the House, we're looking forward to the potential for a significant catalyst for Wynn back in the Commonwealth. 
Lastly, we have moved quickly into design on our project in the UAE. And I grow more excited about the opportunity with each iteration of that design. The island, which is really a blank canvas for us, presents amazing opportunities to do what we do best, from offshore large-scale water and light spectacles akin to the Lake of Dreams in Las Vegas to a room product that takes advantage of the unique aspects of the beachside setting, I'm confident we are going to deliver something special to a market that is accustomed to paying a premium for luxury experiences. 
With that, I will now turn it over to Julie to run through some additional details from the quarter.

Sure. Brian, do you want to take that one?

And the cash versus comp mix, it's not really a material driver, Carlo, the change that you're seeing in ADR. The quality of growth in cash ADR has just been very, very substantial. And in fact, as Brian mentioned, the slight ADR dip that we had in the quarter versus Q4 '21, some of that actually has to do with group business coming back, which as we talked about before, that comes back at rates that were contracted some time ago.

Yes. It's a good question. I guess what I would say is this, besides the obvious shift in international mix because of COVID, what we've seen is a very strong domestic casino growth. We've seen that for a few different reasons. One is market-wide growth, as I alluded to in my prepared remarks. The other is we spent much of 2019 reconstituting both our database strategy and our loyalty program and relaunching that loyalty program.
So if you look at the Vegas statistics, we've taken share in casino since 2019 and that is certainly showing up in room mix and quality room mix. And then the last thing I would say is that the cash leisure and transient customer is also very, very strong relative to '19, but that's not really a mix shift.

I'll start, and then I'll ask Brian to comment as well. So certainly, it gives us the ability to yield. And it's also important to note that a decent chunk of our group business at this point in a shorter booking window than it historically has been, which obviously gives us the opportunity to price that much, much closer to today's ADRs than historical ADRs.
Brian, do you want to talk about pacing, Q1 in pacing?

Sure. So we've been pleased with the business over the course of the quarter. We really do believe in the industry longer term. Sports is the -- where the majority of the addressable market is today, Shaun. And it's also where a lot of the irrational behavior is taking place, though. I will say that our rationality seems to be ebbing as valuations have come down. So I think that's good for everybody. 
We've always viewed Massachusetts as an important bootstrapping event for WynnBet. And if you look at some of our competitors and their market share in states where they have a physical presence, it's clear that bricks and mortar is an advantage. So with a bill and reconciliation between the House and the Senate in Mass now, we're preparing to be there day 1, and that will be an important event for the business.
With Massachusetts looming, it's difficult for me to give you a sense for what the burn rate over the remainder of the year will be. But I would say in the absence of Massachusetts, the burn will be at or below the quarter that we just experienced.

Yes. Thank you for the question. So this is really a business of building player cohorts, right? Every day, you're out acquiring customers. And you build those player cohorts. Those player cohorts age out over time, and they deliver EBITDA to you.
So what we're focused on is continuing to build our player base and age those -- that player base out and ultimately drive operating leverage out of the business and build the business.
The next step for us in light of real uncertainty in the market with respect to user acquisition behavior is to get to the EBITDA breakeven point. And then longer term, there's really 2 primary catalysts for us. The first is Massachusetts, which, as I mentioned, is hopefully pending with a bill that we anticipate will be signed by the governor if it emerges from the reconciliation process. And then of course, any additional online gaming states where we feel like we have a distinct advantage based on brand.
So it's really too early to talk about market share targets or EBITDA targets. I think the focus for us is recognizing the ultimate potential total addressable market, our position in that market and reaching that total addressable market in a prudent way that is ultimately shareholder friendly. So stay tuned.

Well, look, we opened that property and it opened initially very soft. And we went to work very, very quickly as we generally do to turn that property around. And with both Brian and Jenny's extremely good work, we've been very successful. So we're run rating in the mid-200s at this point. And we feel like that's quite an accomplishment in light of the environment certainly that we went through during COVID.
The next stage for growth in that business is really 2 things: database growth, which we have a lot of opportunity to do; and then the development that we'll do across the street, which will add a whole bunch of additional parking where we are parking constrained on weekends. And we would look at something like a 15% to 20% return on that CapEx.

I can't -- Thomas, this is a great question. I can't really opine on what the other Emirates may do with regard to legalization. That's really in their hands. But I would point out that we not only compete but actually punch well above our weight in the most competitive market in the world, Las Vegas.
So we don't really -- the -- our underwrite of that opportunity presume that there would be competition, but I can't tell you that we know of any now. But it's not within my purview to forecast what the Emirates may do, what the other Emirates may do.

Yes, sure. Actually, winter, if you look particularly at Q4, winter in Boston proved to be pretty substantial for us, right, because everyone is inside as opposed to out given the environment in winter in Boston.
So we're still feeling out seasonality, to be honest, even in the midst of 2021. We were still a little bit touch and go with COVID. But certainly, we had a very, very strong winter there. And seasonality in Vegas is as you would expect. You know this market extremely well.

Thanks, Robin. Yes, we are interested in any gateway city that is conducive to the scale and quality of development that Wynn Resorts does. So we are interested in New York, and we are active there but not in a position yet to talk about anything in particular.

Well, Julie touched on this earlier in a very quantitative fashion. What I would say qualitatively is we're constantly balancing our FTE, our full-time employee count against our own standards and our customer standards for quality. And thus far, we've been very successful at doing that.
So we announced -- I think it was this time last year, we announced some permanent cost saves, and we're adhering to those. At the same time, with the business really, really coming back, we're driving a tremendous amount of operating leverage, but with that comes some incremental variable costs. So we're not -- we don't really guide -- you know us well, Robin. We don't really guide to margins or forward-looking numbers.
What I would say is that there is a chunk of cost savings that have occurred over the course of the past several years that are absolutely permanent. And beyond that, you'll see fluctuations based on variable costs, which means it's heavily, heavily tied to whatever revenue level we're doing.

Thanks, Steve. I'll start, and then I'll ask Ian to comment as well. I said this on the last call, Macau is really the most fascinating aspect of our portfolio right now. And the market -- the equity markets obviously aren't appreciating that, but that's fine. That happens from time to time.
We started a journey towards being a very, very good, very aggressive mass marketer with the opening of Palace. And we're pretty good at it. If you look back at '19, some 80-plus percent of our EBITDA in Macau came from sources other than VIP. And so we're really proud of that. So we feel very well equipped to compete just in general with the reopening of the market. The market obviously is going to reopen as a more mass-centric market and with the best product and the best service in the market. We feel good about our ability to compete.
What I find fascinating is we've seen throughout the course of COVID, we've seen new customers come to Macau, different customer motivations than perhaps historically we've seen, shopping motivation, leisure motivation, things like that, Part of the reason that, that's the case is because Hong Kong hasn't been accessible.
And that really piques, our interest when we think about what the future development of Macau might be from a non-gaming perspective. Now we're under no illusion that we're talking about a Las Vegas-style nongaming market. It's just a very, very different dynamic there. But the ability to adapt and change our business as the market changes and adapts or even lead that, which we've historically done here in Las Vegas is something that I personally find both fascinating and a very, very interesting investment -- incremental investment opportunity. 
Ian, would you add anything?

And you -- sorry, Stephen, you also asked about junket space. So I -- we think about it differently at each of the 2 properties. At the downtown property, where I anticipate that -- where we anticipate that the core customer motivation will be gaming over the longer term, we have some prime real estate in the form of former junket space that we think will be incredibly competitive in mass. 
Palace is a little bit of a different story because we may have the opportunity to do some more unique things there, some longer-term more blue sky thinking. We're obviously not making that investment now. But we certainly have the real estate to do it. And we'll take advantage of that when the time comes.

Yes, sure. This is one of those topics. We have them every couple of calls, where the sell side tends to really under-appreciate nuance and instead paints with a very, very broad brush. 
The reality is that we haven't accrued for any material exposure and each individual claim comes down to a really detailed analysis around clear proof of a deposit in your particular property, the statute of limitations on a claim in a number of other very, very nuanced legal points, we don't expect material exposure at this time.

Thanks, everybody.