Thanks, Craig, and good afternoon, everyone, thank you for joining us. The quarter was pretty much in line with our expectations and I think I'd just like to jump right in and talk about Macau. So in Macau, we generated $386 million of property EBITDA and, as we've discussed in previous quarters, VIP was down and the premium area continues to be choppy. However, what we saw was, we saw real strength in our core mass. In fact, our core mass increased over 13% year-over-year, and what that shows is that our strategy is working. We've built 5 new restaurants at Wynn Palace over the last 24 months. Our visitation continues to increase. 
And what's interesting, in March of this year, Wynn Palace achieved its highest normalized EBITDA on record. And 78% of that EBITDA was from the mass business and non-gaming. If you look at Wynn Macau downtown, we're continuing to perform in line exactly with our expectations as we're renovating that property. The Encore Tower, which are probably the nicest rooms in all of Macau, the average size of the room there is 900 square feet, is in a full renovation now. Not just a soft goods renovation, but a full renovation, and that will be complete by the end of the year. We also looked at the success of our Encore casino in Macau, and those approximately 30 games are one of the most productive casino floor plans on the planet. 
And we thought how -- what can we do to replicate that in half of our casino, our original casino, what we call the West. And so we begin a project about 9 months ago that should wrap up at the end of this year, that will take our original casino that's right now chopped up with various junket rooms and the energy has been suppressed, and it will turn it into what I think will be the nicest premium mass destination in downtown. We'll have 7,000 new square feet of retail entering this area, 2 restaurants flanking the new casino and this should all be finished by the end of the year. So Wynn Macau's best days are ahead of it. 2020 should be a great year for Wynn Macau. 
In Las Vegas, everything was pretty much in line except for baccarat. And I think it's no surprise to the people on this call, baccarat was down for us quite significantly, just as it was for the market. So all of our competitors felt it, baccarat was definitely soft in the first quarter. What I have been impressed by is Marilyn coming in and her team, understanding that baccarat is in a temporary decline, have focused on the non-baccarat casino business. And for the first time in a long time, our table drop, excluding baccarat, in the first quarter actually increased 10% over last year. And I give a lot of credit to Marilyn and her team and the new marketing people that she has brought on to focus on areas where we have not focused as carefully in the past, and I think it's an area of growth for us in the future. 
There's been a lot of discussion about new jurisdictions opening up in Asia and around the world, and that maybe baccarat's best days are behind it in Las Vegas or that Macau can continue to see some cannibalization, and what I would say to that is I totally disagree. We've experienced gaming expansion in the United States for decades. And we're experiencing it now in Asia. But what always happens is customers will go try out the new product, they'll go to a place where they're getting free money and big discounts, but that never lasts. Customers with money and choice always go to the place that they enjoy the most. And you cannot replicate Las Vegas or Macau anywhere else on the planet. The number of hotel rooms, the entertainment options, the infrastructure, the service levels can't be replicated. And so our company and our growth profile are properly situated to bet on the future growth of the 2 best gaming jurisdictions in the world. Las Vegas and Macau. And I am a very firm believer that our product is positioned perfectly in both of those markets. 
In Massachusetts, we received a decision from the MGC regarding their investigation last week. Importantly, there was no impact on the suitability of the company or its key employees to hold the gaming license in the state, and we are ready to move forward with the opening of Encore Boston Harbor. However, we are still reviewing the decision as it relates to some of the secondary and tertiary conditions imposed by the commission. We do not believe, if we choose to appeal that, that will impact our ability to open the project at the end of June. So the regulatory process has consumed a great deal of resources at both the company and with the regulators. We are focused on opening this property within weeks, and we feel very confident that it will be the nicest integrated resort on the East Coast. 
But before I turn it over to Craig, I'd just like to remind everybody about why I'm such a big believer in this company. We've been through a significant transition, and there's been some turmoil over the last 15 months. But that is now behind us. And if you look at our future and you look at our company and our growth profile, I believe it's unparalleled in this business. In Macau, we have 1,300 rooms, 700-plus in Phase 1, plus the Crystal Pavilion that we've made significant progress on for Wynn Palace, and that project is needed for Wynn Palace to continue to grow, and we're really excited about it. We're about to open Encore Boston Harbor, which is a step change in our EBITDA, in weeks. 
Here in Las Vegas, we have a new convention center opening, doubling the amount of convention square footage we have over the next 6 months, multiple new restaurants coming into the property and a fresh look at the way we think about our casino business. So our growth profile is quite strong and I am a big believer and we're all big believers that Macau and Las Vegas, best days are ahead of it.
With that, I'm going to turn it over to Craig to get into some of the details.

Carlo, its Matt. When we're looking -- it's always hard to predict exactly going to happen in Macau, but we do believe with our product that we'll be able to stay within that market share range of, at the lower end of it, of 15% to 17%. As you know, our competition has been ramping up. MGM just opened The Mansion, which is quite nice product. Morpheus is ramping up. So Cotai is a really competitive place, but we feel like Wynn Palace is perfectly positioned to continue to maintain its share. And Wynn Macau is really about 2020.

I think anytime there is uncertainty in the world, all of us feel a little bit nervous, whether it's you sitting in your office at Deutsche Bank, me in Las Vegas or someone in Shanghai. That's just a natural human reaction. I can't say that there is clear data pointing to slowdown, and we're looking forward to moving forward.

Sure. So on the baccarat side in Las Vegas and I'll also let Marilyn jump in here, but I don't really think we are seeing any long-term sustainable trends. I think we're experiencing exactly what you understand. And we definitely think the second quarter is going to be a little better than the first quarter based on what we're seeing right now. So I don't want to be predicting baccarat volumes. But Las Vegas, over the long term, is a global destination for those customers from around Asia and I feel very comfortable with that. Marilyn, what do you think?

On the M&A front, so Joe, as I laid out in my opening remarks, our growth pipeline is quite robust. And the large capital spend is now behind us after a multiyear capital development program as we are about to open Encore Boston Harbor and really become -- really start generating lots of free cash flow, which is one of the reasons that we raised our dividend by 33% this year. When it comes to M&A, we will always be looking for opportunities for assets that are Tier 1, first class assets with licenses that are protected in cities that are global destinations. So while we are not pursuing any acquisitions at this stage, we will, along with all of our competitors, I'm sure, be looking at opportunities that you can't replicate through development. We are a development company at heart, we're focused on new projects, but we will continually look for -- to enhance shareholder value without increasing our leverage profile and without hurting our free cash flow story.

That's exactly right. So premium, we definitely lost some share in premium mass and the premium mass business around town was down. Core mass, which is we define it by geography and by average bet, core mass was up over 13%, but that was not enough for us to keep up our share in the market. I think our win was up roughly almost 3% sequentially and that was less than the market, and that's because we're more reliant on the premium segment. But our strategy is working and it shows that Wynn Palace and Wynn Macau can really compete in any market. And Felicia, you've been watching this for a long time. People get really focused on core mass because that business is always there. Premium and VIP get compressed temporarily, and then the growth happens. So I don't know how long that, that area is going to be compressed but what I do know is the demand still there. And so we feel very comfortable that when that business begins to come back, we are going to be perfectly situated to capture it.

I don't think you should look into the performance in the quarter at all. I've just noticed some of our competitors and other people tend to be commenting a lot on these emerging markets, in particular, in Asia, and that they can have an impact on the large global gaming jurisdictions. And I just don't believe that Macau and Las Vegas are going to be cannibalized by those small tertiary jurisdictions that are emerging. In the short term, they could. We're not seeing that right now. But over the longer term, people always go back to the places that they enjoy the most. And so I wasn't addressing that relative to this quarter, I was just addressing it relative to what we're seeing in the market and what we believe will be the long-term success of Macau and Las Vegas.

Yes, Shaun. I definitely think we're in the normalized environment right now. There are no large-scale gaming jurisdictions coming on in the next few years. Some junket operators may move business around but that's always temporary. And it will come back to the places where the customers want to go.
Ian, do you have any thoughts on that?

Sure, I'll jump in and I'll turn it over to Ian. I don't think there's any number we should be calling out, because what we had before the construction was a sleepy casino that actually wasn't generating a lot of business. So this is more of growth CapEx that we're putting to work. We definitely have rooms out of order in the Encore Tower, which have been impactful on our business. But I don't -- I think it's hard to quantify right now. And 2020 is really the year to judge Wynn Macau and its earning ability. Ian, what are your thoughts on that?

The construction is almost essentially complete. The building looks like it's in -- it is in great shape. Staffing, we have 90% of the people either on board or within offer. So we are in line to -- and on time to complete almost everything we need to have a great opening. I don't know if the opening date will be June 23rd or a week or 2 later because we're going to make sure that it's flawless. And clearly, the regulatory complexity we've been through has been a challenge. And so we are now doubling back and the team we have on the ground there is terrific. We are ready to open. We may give ourselves another week, we may not, but the property looks great.

So -- we're working on that now, Harry. We are going to have a reveal of the Crystal Pavilion in a pretty public way. I'm not sure if it will through an Analyst Day or something else down the road. We're finalizing a lot of the different features. I think that you're going to find them very interesting. It will be in the next couple of months that we'll be laying out this program.

I don't think that's the case at all. I think when new -- people will say that because they're marketing their properties in these jurisdictions. But the fact is, oftentimes when places open, they offer bigger commissions, more liquidity, larger credit lines. And that typically is very temporary.

Ian, do you want to take that? We haven't lowered our threshold for ADT in order to get a comped room in Macau. So I'm not sure what eating into means exactly. You still have to qualify in a certain way. Clearly, we're not having as many junket rooms, so our problem, Anil, as you know is we don't have enough rooms. And we need more rooms at Wynn Palace and that's really -- at the weekends we're out of space. And so more mass customers are getting rooms, just as a direct reflection of direct and VIP being down. Ian, do you have any thoughts?

We are. We will actually be making a trip there next week. And so we have a team on the ground. We have a team here in the United States that's focused on Japan. We're building quietly our relationships with potential partners over there and we're focused on various jurisdictions in Japan. So we're looking at this over the long term and we'll be continuing to monitor the situation and participate where we see fit.

Well, I hate to lay out our strategy for everybody, David. But I'll tell you what we're not going to do. We are not going to go into the value business. We are high-end operators, we are quality operators, and we will be looking at quality assets around the world. We're not regional gaming operators. So that's not an area where we're going to be branching out in a significant way, given there will likely be lots of regional gaming properties for sale. So we're focused on where the growth is happening globally. We believe that Asia will continue to grow faster than the West. And if there are opportunities in those areas where believe it fits with our profile and it will be accretive and it will be able to capture long-term growth for our company and our shareholders, we will take a look at it. But we do not have anything right now that we are focused on.

Thanks.