Thanks, Greg.  Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. 
The numbers are out, so I'd first like to address Macau. The April to June period in Macau is typically the weakest quarter of the year due to seasonality and was actually compounded this year by the World Cup.  But let's put everything in perspective. The market increased 17% year-over-year, with double-digit growth in both mass and VIP Wynn, supported by a 7.5% increase in year-over-year growth in visitation.  Macau's long-term fundamentals remained strong, and we will continue to lead in Macau. 
Looking at the individual property results. We continued to see growth in our mass business at Wynn Palace with mass drop up sequentially from Q1. In fact, had the Palace held consistent with Q1, mass revenue would have been almost $30 million higher, and our mass market share would have increased approximately 80 basis points to almost 9%.  Wynn Palace's VIP revenue grew 5.1% sequentially and turnover was up 20% year-over-year. I believe that Wynn Palace will continue to take market share in both mass and VIP.
In fact, so confident, I've assembled a team of some of the most creative people on the planet, and we're in full swing planning our entertainment-focused development on the adjacent 7-acre parcel that sits between the new Lisboa and Wynn Palace. The entertainment center will have various whimsical immersive features, taking into account what we've learned from our prosperity tree at Macau and the Lake of Dreams here in Las Vegas and amplifying it.
The people responsible for those projects in the past, Michael Curry, one of the top theatrical designers in the world; Kenny Ortega, one of the most well-known choreographers in the world; and Patrick Woodroffe, possibly the best lighting director in the world, are responsible in working with us to help develop this concept. The project is going to have indoor gardens, it's going to have waterfalls. We're working on a theater concept and a new food hall that's going to focus on seafood, the best seafood that anyone can find in that region, and it will be a culinary destination for Macau.
We know that our premium customers like these attractions. We're really excited to continue to develop this, and we plan on completing the proposal in the fourth quarter to show to the Macau government. And we're excited about adding world-renowned gaming attractions to Macau.
Now turning to downtown. Our mass table drop grew 21% year-over-year off a tough comp in 2017. However, during the second half of the quarter, Wynn Macau experienced a difficult VIP environment, driven by lower volumes in several of our junket operators. One of the main reasons, principal reasons, is that our competitors neglected the VIP market during the downturn and many of them got back into the game in the last 6 months with new rooms and more credit, creating incremental competition for VIP.
We expect this new supply will be absorbed as in the past. And I should note, we went through an extensive analysis of the properties' operations, we reviewed the service levels, had deep discussions with our junket partners, and there is not a particular issue that caused this temporary decline. It was really just short-term competition in the VIP market.
We are not going to compete on price by raising commissions or extending additional credit for short-term revenue gains. We compete by having the best product and service in the market and with upcoming reinvestment in Wynn Macau, renovating all the Encore rooms for the first time since it opened over 8 years ago. We're building 2 new restaurants in our original casino, adding 8,000 square feet of additional retail space which, by the way, still remains some of the world's best and strongest producing sales per square foot anywhere to be found. And we're reconfiguring the West casino all in the very near future. So the best years for Wynn Macau are yet to come.
Now looking at July that we've gotten out of this second quarter period. We were actually experiencing much better trends in July with our year-over-year and monthly sequential growth up over 20%, significantly outperforming the market.  Our overall operation in Macau is making approximately $4.3 million in EBITDA per day with normal hold. We have experienced broad-based strength in both mass and VIP at both of our properties in Macau in July. Macau remains at the top of our list for capital investment, and we are honored to have the privilege of doing business there.
Moving to Las Vegas. We generated $124 million of property EBITDA in the quarter. Strength in the group segment, as everyone knows, was evidenced by our Q2 REVPAR growth, which also helped drive double-digit growth in catering and banquets, driving our food and beverage. Our Las Vegas customer and overall demand remained stable. 
Our third quarter, looking at Las Vegas, will be a challenge. When we look at the third quarter, we think it'll be flat with last year. And the reasons are not necessarily demand-driven but also event-driven. Last August, we had the McGregor fight here in Las Vegas. It was an enormous boost to the city and to the room rates and to occupancy. Also the holiday, Yom Kippur, is in the third quarter this year. So just looking at the third quarter, I believe it's more event-driven than it is an indication because our fourth quarter actually looks pretty strong. We're seeing fourth quarter right now turning to be up over 4% compared to the last year, and we think that our overall REVPAR for the year in Las Vegas is going to grow by 3% to 4%.
Also in Las Vegas, we're in full construction as steel is being erected on our 400,000 square-feet of additional group and meeting space. We expect to open that in the first quarter of 2020. We've also been working on the master plan for the remaining acreage of the golf course. 
As discussed last quarter, I changed this project significantly from a 3-plus billion dollar investment with a theme park focus to a more luxury resort experience. It's early in the design stage, and we will continue to work on the master plan for the rest of the year, defining and refining the program.  We still need to develop cost estimates once our design program is complete to ensure this project will add significant value for our shareholders.
Moving on to Massachusetts. We're actually now less than a year out from opening. I am so proud of the 1,600 people that are building that place, our construction team, every single day. The quality of the construction is some of the best we have ever experienced. We're actually ready to start laying carpet on the first floor of the hotel tower within the next couple of weeks. We've installed lush landscaping around the site, and we've renovated the polluted river bank into a living shoreline and -- that connects almost 2 miles of boardwalk. The site is transforming into a destination resort. We continue to expect to open in late June of 2019.
On a final note, Japan. We were encouraged by the passage of the implementation bill several weeks ago. We have been quietly active in Japan for a number of years now. I've been dozens of times myself, building strong relationships in a country where trust and relationships matter.
We believe that the Wynn aesthetic, our unrelenting focus on excellence and our commitment to thoughtful immersive entertainment will resonate well in Japan, and we look forward to competing there.
Craig, I'll turn it over to you to go through some more highlights in the quarter.

Sure. The year-over-year was 20% and the sequential was June to July, month-to-month, up over -- well, up over 20%. And we saw broad-based resurgence in both VIP and mass. What was interesting was in the back 2 weeks of the quarter, we really began to see the acceleration. Mass revenues -- or mass drop grew about 15% in the last 2 weeks of July compared to the first 2 weeks. So it's a -- July has been quite good for us.

That's right. It was REVPAR.

That's right. We have a lot more work to do on the master planning, and we'll be talking more about that near the end of this year or early next year.

Look, July is just a much stronger month than June, given the World Cup impact and what was going on due to seasonality. Ian, I'll let you take up what you're seeing in July.

Yes, we are. And there is additional demand. So our largest junket operator will be taking a new room in the -- probably within the next 6 weeks, and there will be quite a large increase in the tables there. So we're really excited about it. Ian, do you have any further thoughts on that?

No, and Felicia, it's Matt. One thing I should point out is our market share in July, all normal hold, was 17%, the second highest that we've ever experienced in our history. So new competition does not mean market share loss. What we have at Wynn Palace is we're actually opening 2 new restaurants within the next 2 months, and then we're continuing this expansion. Wynn Palace is going to continue to be a market share taker. We still have Lisboa coming up, we have the light rail that will be opening at some point in the near future. We will become the hub of activity in the center. And with Wynn Macau downtown, with the reinvestment that we're going to be putting into the original casino, it will really revitalize that property. And so I believe that both Wynn Macau and Wynn Palace are going to continue to increase their share.

You're right, Felicia. We don't give guidance. I think what we were trying to do is give you some color on how July is playing out. And I think what we've seen is a resurgence in the business from what we saw in Q2, and that's really what we're saying right now.

So the room renovation will begin in the next few months. And we're trying to stage it to not have as much -- too much disruption but clearly, as you know, that always exists. So we're working through how we're staging the rooms that are out of commission, how long we're going to have them out of commission and what that will mean. I don't have an exact answer as to what the impact will be. We're -- again, we are trying to minimize it. It will be short term, obviously.

Okay. So in terms of the premium mass piece, what we saw obviously in the first quarter, we had a really, really strong March, in particular downtown at the Peninsula. And the premium mass segment, as you know, faded off into the May and June period. May was not as strong as we had anticipated, but we've really seen it come back in July. So we're anticipating the Macau market, even with some -- August should not be that tough of a comp, given what happened last August, but we believe that the Macau market is going to continue to grow.

Ian, do you have thoughts on that?

It depends on how many rooms are per floor. The Encore tower is 414 rooms. And so we plan on launching that near the end of the year. And based on the construction schedule, Ian, do you have an idea of when we think we'll be finished with that construction?

And that's always short term, and it has been for the last 40 years in every market. When you chase business with creditor price, you end up backing off. So our product is strong. We actually are -- we're moving some of our junkets around in Wynn Macau with a couple of new rooms. And so we feel very good about our position there.

And Harry, one point is we are not concerned with group demand at all. It's actually quite strong. What is a little weak in the third quarter is we don't have the McGregor-Mayweather fight, and Yom Kippur happens to fall in September. So our group demand is quite strong this year. And in fact, 2019 is looking strong. Maurice, why don't you comment on 2019?

That's right. We can't tell you exactly what it's going to be, we don't have everything on the books. But we're far ahead in our pacing, which should give us more pricing power going into 2019.

Linda, why don't you take that one?

And just to put it in perspective, when we plan, we plan for the long term. And so Macau is going to be the entertainment hub of the Greater Bay region which is going to be an interconnected 60 million person -- population city with a GDP of over $1.5 trillion. The largest -- one of the largest underground rail stations is being built right outside Macau. Everyone talks about the bridge. But this Greater Bay region is going to be one of the most visited and powerful places on the planet over the next 10 years. So I'm a big believer in the Peninsula. I'm a big believer in Macau, in Cotai, in Hengqin island in that area. It's really at the heart of some of the largest scale development in terms of infrastructure and wealth creation in the world.

Ian, why don't you take that?

Clearly, there would be a direct EBITDA contribution. Without giving a forecast, what we've seen is when we hold special events in our ballroom, we oftentimes, a couple of times a month, will hold concerts for regional acts that are quite popular. Anywhere -- they will have between 900 to 1,000 people in attendance. We see significant pickup in our gaming activity. And so we really think that our premium customers, to get them to come more often and stay longer, are expecting these types of experiences, along with additional culinary experiences that they can't get anywhere else in the region. So those are really intended to focus on the premium customer and the length of stay. And based on what we've been doing over the last 10 years, this is -- we feel very comfortable that this is going to help drive additional share gain.

We are focused on capital returns, whether that's through capital deployment or returning straight to shareholders. As you know, David, we have a preference, and I've always had a strong preference for dividends. Recurring and increasing growth in the dividends, I believe, provides stability in the stock and enhances our shareholder base. So that's something, as a management team, we will always be very focused on.

That's right. I like predictable dividends that grow each year, so -- along with the business. That is -- that's our philosophy, and it will always be based on business volumes, but predictable dividend growth is something that we will always be focused on.

Sure. So I'll first start with capital deployment. So before I became the CEO, we were about to launch a 3-plus billion dollar theme park attraction with the resort in Las Vegas. We were not as focused on Macau. And so what we've done, what I've done since I've gotten here and taken this role over is brought in some of the people that have always been behind the curtain on the creativity side, some of the people that I've mentioned earlier. And we focused intently on the expansion in Macau, on renovating Wynn Macau and rethinking what it is that we're going to do in Las Vegas to ensure that it will add significant value to Wynn Las Vegas, but also to the shareholders. So that was years and years in planning that I have changed course on and feel very comfortable with the direction that we're going. And we continue to have real focus on, as we always have, service levels and product. I'm not someone that's going to be cutting expenses to get to the bottom line. That's the quickest way to cut the stock price. We're a revenue-based company. We're going to continue to grow revenue, take share and build the best product. I've just shifted where our focus is, and I'd say that's probably, over the last couple of months, for the external factors, one of the single largest changes. Internally, clearly, you've seen lots of refresh on the board. You've seen -- we've had lots of changes in terms of some of our policies, procedures and the things that we're doing. But our capital deployment strategy has probably been the single biggest change.

Yes. Again, we don't want to be giving Q4 guidance right now, and we're not going to compete on price. When new rooms open, as Ian pointed out, junkets will oftentimes shift players over to show their new rooms. They expand, the liquidity hits the market like a freight train. There's lots of credit coming out of that product. That has been going on in Macau for a long time. We don't forecast our business based on that because it's very, very short term.

And the regulatory changes, Maurice, why don't you let them know what that actually was?

Thomas, that's -- we talked about that some internally and have decided that we should stick to the entertainment business and not the currency speculation business. Clearly, a depreciating currency would -- could have an impact, but we haven't seen a direct correlation, and we spend more time thinking about our product and our service. But if you find the correlation, please call Craig and fill him in.

There are a couple of markets that I think everyone's focused on. We are spending a lot of time there working on developing relationships with many of the local corporates and talking through what our proposed plans would be. Again, I think we have a -- we're really excited to compete there, given what our product's going to be, what we stand for. Everything in Japan is about high quality. It's about precision. It's about the best service, really, anywhere to be found. And that's what we stand for. So we're really excited to partner with some strong local firms in Japan and make a run for one of these licenses over the next 12 to 18 months.

I really don't want to comment on the government process there. I think that they will lay it out in detail when they're ready to.

So on the entertainment development that we're working on, it is solely food and beverage and entertainment. It will currently take up roughly about half the site and leaving the other half for future development for things like you pointed out if they're needed. But this will be just an entertainment and food and beverage focused facility. And we're quite excited about it. We're not there yet to be giving CapEx estimates for this project, that will be coming over the next few months. We really don't break out premium mass versus grand way and quarter-over-quarter. Needless to say, Anil, you know our brand and what we stand for. We're a premium house. That means premium VIP, premium mass, premium slots. That's the customer that we cater to, but we typically do not give the percentages.

Okay. Thank you very much. We'll talk to everybody next quarter.