Thanks, Craig, and hello, everyone. I hope that you are all safe and healthy, likely working from home right now. Instead of just jumping right into our first quarter results. What I'd like to do is spend some time talking about how we've handled this pandemic in the way that we've been thinking about it. So well before we closed our facilities in North America because of our Macau experience, I reached out to one of the leading experts in -- really in the world in terms of pandemic research and global health security. It's the Director for Global Health Security from Georgetown University. And engaged that team months ago and spent daily conversations with that team, trying to understand the situation and what was going on and how best we could protect our customers and our employees and provide information to our medical communities and to our state and local government. We actually -- because of that led the industry, both in Massachusetts and in Nevada in closing our casinos. We suggested to the Massachusetts Gaming Commission in mid-March that it was time for us to close. Based on the data and based on the science and the potential community spread that we were seeing. And we actually closed our resorts in Las Vegas in advance of the state declaration to close. And we were the first that led that. And we did it because at that time it was the right thing to do. And we knew that we needed to be early and to make that move. We also knew, during that time, they -- asking our 30,000 employees, team members, 15,000 of them in North America and 15,000 in Macau, that a pandemic is upon us, that we're closing our resorts. We felt that we should invest in our culture right now because it's taken years and years and years to build the best team in the industry. And so we chose and I chose to pay all of our people since we closed through the end of May.  
We are one of the outliers in our industry or in hospitality in general that have done that. But I believe that investing in culture right now and making sure that your team members feel safe during these times is a corporate responsibility, and I also believe it's a great investment. I'm not sure how long this will last, and I'm not sure how much longer we can continue this practice. It's currently till May 31. But what I know is when we do reopen, in whatever state that is in Las Vegas and in Massachusetts that I want our team members to have smiles on their face. It will be underneath the mask, but it'll still radiate through because we're in the business of making people happy. And only if our customers -- and our customers will only be happy if our employees felt like they were part of a family. So that's been my focus is to really make sure that we're doing this as a family and to think about the future because you can quickly disrupt a culture that takes years and years to build. It also allowed us, I think, to be -- to act quite fast in the way that we're thinking about a reopening because of the resources we had at hand. As an example, I believe we were one of the first companies in the nation, not just in our industry, but in the nation, to produce a detailed reopening plan.  
We published it for the world to see on April 19. It's a 23-page plan that goes department by department, area by area, space by space in terms of how we're going to keep our employees safe and our customers safe. It's actually become known as the Wynn plan. And I've had sports teams call to walk through it; airlines call and walk through it; retail, large; landlords calling up through it; developers; dozens of CEOs to look at the Wynn plan and to think about it and apply it to their own business. And we did that because we want to help lead the conversation to a reopening of our economy, but in a phased approach and in a safe approach and focused on the data. 
We've been working with our experts and state and local officials on benchmarks to track that should be public and transparent. We've crafted, with our medical community here in Nevada, benchmarks based on disease growth, which is a case growth coupled with hospitalizations and deaths. And the disease growth needs to be at a certain level before you consider reopening. We have set benchmarks for ICU capacity with our medical community as well as ventilator capacity that you need the ability to achieve a 2x surge in COVID patients in your ICU without needing crisis care to begin a phased approach to opening as well as test positivity rate. So -- which really measures the amount of tests that are being conducted in an area. Those benchmarks have been widely distributed. They're going to be quite public. And it's really a great way that our medical community is looking at this to think about phased openings of the economy.  
In Nevada, our governor has launched a -- the concept of a phased opening. The Phase 1 should begin in the next week or so, sometime around mid-May. And then based on the benchmarks and the data, I believe we'll continue to see, in Phase 2, openings of additional businesses and potentially opening of our business in late May. But again, that is assuming that we stay in line with the benchmarks and that the environment is safe for customers and for all of our employees.  
In Massachusetts, they have formed a task force at the state level, and I want to commend both Governor Sisolak and Governor Baker for early, fast action and for their tireless work on this effort.  
Massachusetts is also, I believe, will be coming out with a phased approach to opening. They have clearly had a much more difficult time than Nevada has given the high amount of cases and deaths there. But their medical community has handled it really as good as has been handled around the globe and should be commended.  
On the testing front, we think a lot about this. And in fact, we in -- Las Vegas, has signed a partnership with the University Medical Center, the research hospital in Las Vegas, whereby any of our employees can get tested for COVID-19. In fact, we have on-site testing tomorrow, set up in an 85,000 square foot ballroom with 25 nurses from UMC, all appropriately spaced out, and we believe that we'll have, over the next couple of days, thousands of employees that will have been tested. These are the types of things that we're doing now and early into an eventual lead up to opening our properties.  
In Macau, we've been -- we've remained open in Macau after the closure in the first 2 weeks of February. However, as all of you on this phone know there -- the Macau volumes have really not been there because there's a 14-day quarantine of going in and out of Macau from Hong Kong or Mainland China. One of -- some encouraging things that we have seen in Macau is: first, there hasn't been a new COVID case in Macau in weeks; second, in Mainland China and Macau and Hong Kong, teachers and students are back to school as of last week. There's continued to be progress in -- the Macau government has publicly talked about it, in the health check system, which in China, as I'm sure a lot of you are aware, on your mobile phone, you have a red, yellow or green system that gives access to various areas. And Macau has been working very closely with Guangdong to make sure that those health checks are in line. All of those seem to be in our progress. So we would anticipate that, as everyone else is, that progress will continue in terms of reopening the borders in a cautious way, resuming tourism in a cautious way. And the amount of progress that's been made over there has been extraordinary. Just looking at the results, high level, before our closure in Las Vegas, RevPAR was up 8%. In Massachusetts, we were on our way to record EBITDA and win per unit per day before closure was up on the slot floor, about 13%.  
In Macau, as we laid out for all of you on the first quarter call, during the closure, we were roughly between $2.2 million and $2.6 million a day of burn. And what we saw from February 20 to roughly March 20 after we reopened, was a gradual increase in gaming volumes and particularly led by VIP and Premium segment to the point where our burn went, in a matter of 3 weeks, from $2.5 million a day to $800,000 a day. And we were back to roughly 25% of our volumes in the fourth quarter. So we're continuing to be optimistic about what's going to happen in Macau as the cautious reopening of the border continues. We're focused on our 3 pillars that we talk about on these calls, which in Macau and in North America, in Macau, particularly: it's investing in our people, which we're doing; investing in our communities, which includes the Greater Bay Area; and really helping to position win to be beneficial in the Greater Bay Area and working on investments throughout the region and investing in our assets. So during these times, we have continued extensive design development work -- design work on our Crystal Pavilion project in Macau, and we remain very excited about it. So that's really where we are right now. We -- I believe we're going to continue to lead in our industry in Las Vegas and in Massachusetts. We're working very carefully and closely on a daily basis with state and local officials and the gaming regulatory bodies. And I believe that the data will be transparent as to opening dates based on benchmarks, and we'll be ready to begin in the new normal atmosphere.  
With that, I'd like to turn it over to Craig to talk about some of our financial results.

So just based on our limited experience between February 20 and March 20, we definitely saw the VIP and premium segments come back faster. There's clearly pent-up demand for activity. If you look at what's going on in Beijing and Shanghai, the -- go back to work and resume production campaign that has been launched, there's a lot of activity. So I do believe that there will be demand for Macau, without a doubt. I am also very happy that we're in the business of the premium in high-end, which requires less people and more revenue. So at Wynn, we're not looking for 100,000 people a day to be going through our properties. That's never been our business. We've always been focused on the premium end. And I believe that, that will definitely be the segment that comes back first in Macau.

So Carlo, it's Matt. Again, we believe in what's happening in the Greater Bay Area in Macau and China. We are focused on doing the best we can to be a part of it and to invest in our people, our communities and our assets. So we put that plan together at the beginning of this year. It's still our plan. We're focused on it. We think it makes a lot of sense for the community, for our people and for our shareholders. So that's really where we are, and that's -- we're not -- we have not deviated from that plan.

So Joe, we're obviously in very close contact with the large junkets there. I think everyone's trying to understand what liquidity will look like. We don't have any answers right now on how much we'll be loaning to our junkets. But it does seem like the larger junket operators are still okay on the liquidity side, and everybody's just waiting to see what's going to happen. Ian, do you have any thoughts on that?

And Ian, I think just to clarify. The May holiday traffic that we witnessed was in Mainland China, not necessarily in Macau. But Chimelong, which is right in Hengqin Island, had really strong volumes and as well as lots of resorts around. So I think that's a great point. There's clear demand for the product that we offer.

Sure. So Joe, I'll start off with this. In Las Vegas, we're still working through what our opening plan is going to look like. We're working closely with the state officials and the gaming control board here. It's unclear if it will just be 1 of the 2 assets. I'm currently -- given all of the occupancy limitations that we will have self imposed, it will -- it could rarely likely be both of the assets open, but just with occupancy restrictions. We do anticipate, as we get closer to an opening weeks from now, that there will be pent-up demand in the leisure segment. We've seen that in a lot of surveys that have happened out there. And so we're working through that. I think each day people's mentality changes depending on where they live and what they're experiencing. And if you look at what's happening in Texas right now, with the various food and beverage outlets, if you look at what's happening on the beaches in Southern California, we're going to have a very safe environment, but we will have an environment that I think a lot of people want to come participate in. Clearly, we won't be opening large mass gathering places, night clubs or convention areas or shows. But we will be opening most of our restaurants and -- working with our retail partners to try to have an experience that will be safe and fun. So Marilyn, do you have anything you want to add to that?

Felicia, it's Matt. So we went through our long list of capital projects in Massachusetts, Las Vegas and in Macau. And we've effectively put all of the short-term things on hold outside of something that's under construction now, for example, Delilah in Las Vegas that was halfway through construction. We're going to finish that. But the large projects, room remodels, some of the other things that we were looking at, we have put on hold until we're cash flow positive. So we're really focused on maintaining our liquidity right now.

Yes. That's a great question, Shaun. And we -- I've personally spoken to the airlines that have lots of lift capacity, in particular, into Las Vegas. And in the month of May and in June, there was a dramatic reduction in lift capacity, as you can imagine. Some of the large airlines are starting to put their plans out, their standardization plans, which we've been encouraging them to be transparent and to start putting that out. I think that there's continued disagreement between the airlines and TSA on temperature checks, which is kind of a logistical problem as to how are they going to do them? And if so, who's doing them? So there's some behind the scenes work that needs to happen. And -- but the airlines are definitely focused on it and they're contracting the list now. But based on my conversations, it's been fairly short term because trying to predict what demand will be 60 or 90 days from now is almost impossible, given it's the speed of the information in the economy that we're all learning every day.

Yes. I think that on the supply side, that in the early days, I don't think not a lot is going to reopen, in my opinion. I don't know how many resorts are going to reopen, but it's certainly not even close to the entire Las Vegas strip. Clearly, our base of group in the -- is -- well, not -- is nonexistent in the first few months after we reopen. So we're really focused on casino and on leisure and trying to capture a disproportionate amount of that market, people coming to Las Vegas. So I think it'll be a slow ramp because the group will not be there, but there's also not a lot of -- I don't think there'll be a lot of supply either. So our pricing power, I believe, will help dictate how full we want our property to be.

I think there's clearly a focus on a safe reopening of the economy. I think that the -- it's obvious what's happening with this rapidly decelerating curve with our economy that, that has to be blunted as we blunted the growth of COVID-19. And so there was a real focus on how to do that. How to -- testing is continuing to be a real point of focus. And on that, I think that there's been tremendous progress in terms of testing and testing capacity, hundreds and hundreds of thousands of tests likely will be performed over the next couple of weeks on a daily basis. In Las Vegas, like I said, we're going to have the ability working with UMC when we open it wins. Any employee and any customer that wants the swab test, you can get it, we have on-site. Anybody -- we have 3 various antibody tests that are going through EUA approval right now and one that already has it, that we're working on. That will also be available. So I think that until it's a commodity, businesses themselves need to work with medical communities to make sure that those are available. And so we're definitely doing that. But there was a clear focus on how to reopen the economy and to start moving in that direction.

Yes. I'm not sure about that. I think that during these times, there's usually transactions that are out there, and there could be some really interesting assets that could come up that I think everybody will be watching.

I'll start with this and then turn it over to Ian. So I think the situation has been handled really well in Macau. I think it's been almost 28 days without a case. There's been clarity, daily press conferences, lots of interaction. Operators are focused on it. Employees are being very compliant in terms of wearing mask and what they need to be doing and hand sanitization. And there seems to be a really deep collaboration and cooperation with Macau and Guangdong in terms of these health checks and to begin to move in a very reasonable and data-driven way. So to me, it seems like every 2 weeks, there's progress. There's real progress. And in a way that is measurable and people can understand. Ian, what do you think? Or Linda?

No. We're -- this was a -- just the University Medical Center and Wynn Las Vegas reaching that agreement. In Macau -- because the government has done a very good job there. There are test available for people that need them. My understanding is that teachers are getting tested when they're going in. And so I think it's a little bit of a different situation there. What we noticed here in Las Vegas is there was testing capacity, but nobody prescribing tests because people weren't hitting the 5 or 6 symptoms. So we decided to cut through that and make a direct partnership with the research hospital so that our employees would have the ability to get tested.

So from my perspective, on the consolidation, our expertise has been, and I think always will be, development and running the best assets. So we are not actively thinking about M&A right now. We're actively thinking about how do we have the industry-leading assets in the markets where we operate. And take market share as we open. And then how do we develop the land that we have around those over the longer period of time. So that's really our strategic goal right now. Craig, do you want to take the follow-up?

That's something that I think about and we think about every day, which is why we've continued to encourage phased openings and watch the data. So I think from a health and safety perspective, we've done, I believe, just about everything that we could possibly think of. And if there are other good ideas, we will implement them. But what we're going to do is think about it incrementally, watch it. And then we have to watch the data from all the communities around us and what's going on. So do I think that there'll be moments when we all will need to pull back a little bit or when we can push forward a little faster? Of course. And so we need to make sure that our teams are prepared for that and that we can learn as we go.

Thanks, everyone.