Thanks, Julie. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Before getting into the quarter, I'd really like to thank our 27,000 team members globally. 2022 so far has been very different in Macau than it has been in North America. Our folks in Macau have endured what I know is a difficult period of isolation and volatility while our teams in Las Vegas and Boston have responded admirably to meaningfully elevated business volumes. To those operating in both circumstances, thank you. I appreciate you.
Starting in Las Vegas. The team at Wynn Las Vegas turned in another all-time record quarter with $227 million of EBITDA and broad-based strength across casino, hotel, food and beverage and retail, all well above 2Q 2019 levels. In fact, our EBITDA this quarter was over 40% above the pre-COVID Las Vegas Strip EBITDA record also delivered by Wynn Las Vegas in 2014.
A few other all-time quarterly records to call out,  record EBITDA margin, record slot handle in Wynn, record non-baccarat table Wynn, record hotel revenue and record revenue from restaurants and bars. Meanwhile, our customer satisfaction scores in the first half of 2022 were up 3% over the first half of 2019. Our performance in Las Vegas speaks for itself.
Looking ahead, while we are keenly aware of the macro environment and the uncertainty facing the economy, we've been encouraged that the strength we have experienced over the past several quarters has continued into Q3. In fact, our forward bookings continue to pace at pre-COVID levels on substantially higher ADRs. July was very strong for us with occupancy of 91%.
We expect the usual seasonal slowdown in August with occupancy declining in the mid to high 80s before accelerating back to the low 90s in September as groups return in large numbers. While we haven't seen any noticeable signs of weakness in our current operations or in our outlook, we are watching this closely. Our experience during the pandemic has made us nimbler than ever, and we are confident that we can adapt quickly to changes in the economic landscape, should they arise.
Turning to Boston. Encore also had a great quarter, generating $64 million of EBITDA, a second quarter record for the property. We saw strength across the casino with record gross gaming revenue, and on the non-gaming side, we generated record hotel revenue with particular strength in cash ADR and occupancy. The positive momentum has continued into Q3. And again, similar to Las Vegas, we have yet to see signs of a slowdown. We were happy to see the Massachusetts legislature pass the sports betting bill and having already constructed a Sports Book at Encore Boston Harbor in 2021, we expect that retail sports betting will soon be a significant opportunity for property-wide customer acquisition in Boston.
We also continue to finalize our plans for our upcoming development projects across the street from the property that will add incremental parking, food and beverage and entertainment amenities. Design and planning for that project is on schedule, and we are excited for our next phase of growth in Boston.
In Macau, the market continues to be very difficult with market-wide GGR in July only reaching approximately 2% of July 2019 levels. Our results have reflected that in roll, drop, hotel occupancy and EBITDA. Overall, our EBITDA loss in Q2 was $90 million, which was negatively impacted by around $8 million from low VIP holds. So on a normalized basis, our EBITDA loss was $900,000 per day in 2Q. And despite the nearly 2-week market-wide casino closure in July, our EBITDA loss has been comparable at approximately $1 million per day quarter-to-date in Q3. Our team has done a fantastic job controlling costs in a very challenging operating environment through a combination of decreases in payroll and fixed OpEx.
Several weeks ago, we announced some important leadership changes in Macau with Linda Chen moving into the role of President early next year; Frederic Luvisutto moving into the role of COO for the entire Macau business; and Craig Fullalove, assuming the role of CFO and CIO for the business. I know many of you know and as I do respect Ian immensely, so I'm pleased that he will remain at the company in an advisory role through 2023. I have immense confidence in Linda, Frederic and Craig and know that they are the right team for the future.
The authorities in Macau continue to advance the concession process according to the preestablished time line. We're currently working through our response to the concession tender RFP. Longer term, we remain excited about the prospects for Macau with so much pent-up demand for travel and tourism in Asia. Our market-leading assets and strong liquidity position us well to thrive as visitation returns to the market over time.
At Wynn Interactive, the strategy we implemented late last year to manage the business with a long-term shareholder-friendly view is working with our overall EBITDA burn rate declining to $21 million in Q2 from $32 million in 1Q, despite a 3% quarter-over-quarter decline in total turnover due to the seasonally weak second quarter sports calendar. We are looking forward to the potential for a significant catalyst for WynnBET in Massachusetts both in digital and retail sports betting.
Lastly, the design and programming for our project in the UAE are really coming along, and I grow more excited about the opportunity every day. The project parking along a beautiful white sand beach will contain a 200,000 square foot casino, an extensive food and beverage portfolio and numerous forms of entertainment and spectacle. The more time I spend in this project, the more I'm convinced in our ability to build robust gaming and non-gaming businesses.
With that, I'll now turn it over to Julie to run through some additional details on the quarter. Julie?

Thanks, Carlo. Yes, it's definitely true that group continues to be strong. And I'll ask Brian to talk about pacing in just a second. As we've talked about on prior calls, we did have some legacy group rooms as I think everyone at the market would from contracts booked in prior years that were at lower ADRs. We've been obviously signing new contracts at higher ADRs, which as they roll in will offset that.
From an occupied room night perspective, I mean, we're running very healthy occupancy today. So I don't think it would change overall occupancy, but obviously, it does mix. Brian, do you want to talk about pacing a little bit?

Well, we -- it's a great question, Carlo. We've already scaled back our allocation to some of the lower profitability channels. That's obviously the first thing you do any time you're yield managing. And it's a little bit of a rich man's problem now as we think forward because we have a very healthy casino business, as you saw in the numbers and we have a very healthy group business. So we're attuned to how we optimize that mix, and we'll be doing that over the course of the next couple of quarters. So stay tuned on '23, but we recognize, I'd love to call it an issue, it's actually an opportunity. We recognize the opportunity, and we will take advantage of it.

Brian, do you want to take that?

And those new bookings, particularly for new customers in the out years are at a substantially higher ADR.

Joe, you know us, you've been following us for years, and you know that we're not programmatic about buybacks. We repurchased the stock when we think it's ridiculously cheap. And during Q2, that was certainly the case, particularly from mid-May through the end of the quarter. So we're always balancing liquidity needs, capital deployment for growth and returning capital to shareholders. The wildcard, let's be honest, the wildcard is Macau. So as we get better visibility on Macau over time then we can have more confidence in each particular form of capital deployment and know that we can do them concurrently.

Sure. I'll start and then Brian will jump in. So this started really back in 2019. So you've heard us talk about before our reconstitution of our database strategy. We've made a bunch of changes in hosting. We launched Wynn Rewards. So really going into the reemergence of COVID, we had reoriented our casino strategy, and I think it shows. At the same time, we've been very relentlessly reinvesting in the property in Las Vegas despite COVID. In the rooms, in the food and beverage, and amenities, and it shows and customers notice it. And so yes, we are taking share, and I'm incredibly proud of the team for doing that.
Brian, do you want to give a little bit of incremental color qualitatively on July?

And Shaun, we acknowledge trees don't grow to the sky, right? I mean you're seeing this in all your Las Vegas names. But as I said in my prepared remarks, we watch the data daily, right? We don't have to look in Las Vegas. We don't have to look after 10 properties. We look after 1. And we know everything that's going on in this building. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we don't see slowdowns, so that's where we are.

Sure. You're right. August is usually pretty weak in Las Vegas. I think that's probably true or I shouldn't think pretty weak, relatively weak, particularly given the quarter that we've just experienced. So August is usually a pretty slow month. Groups come back in September, and you start to see an increase in occupancy. I talked about the occupancy shifts that we would expect over the course of Q3 in my prepared remarks, and we stand by that.
So business is good. In fact, it's really good. But you always see seasonality in the quarter. You can go back and look at historical Q2 to Q3 movement from an EBITDA perspective in percentage terms. And I think you will see that seasonality.

Sure. No problem. So beginning, I think, with our Q3 call, since last year, we talked a little bit about what we were seeing in the market and some of the irrationality that we were seeing in the market. I can say that, that has markedly declined, and that's encouraging. So to see other players in the market behaving reasonably well is great. For us, Massachusetts, I've said this before, Massachusetts was always an important bootstrapping event for WynnBET and for Wynn Interactive as is any movement in iGaming, which we obviously don't see at the moment, but I'm certainly will over the longer term.
So our goal is really to make sure that we are consistently running the business as best we can from a lifetime value to cost per acquisition perspective. So increased retention, decreased CPA, increased handle per customer. That's the way we run the business. That has resulted in a declining burn over time, which you've seen in each quarter has sequentially gone by, as we told you it would. That burn could go up modestly with the launch of Massachusetts because we will do some user acquisition. I don't think we'll ever be back in the position that we were in at the launch of last NFL season.
We've learned a lot in terms of which marketing channels work and which don't. But the business is -- they're really executing in that portion of our business, and we're watching the market very, very closely. We'll be in Massachusetts day 1.

Well, we are continuing to launch in additional states, and we're continuing to set the foundation in place to grow that business over time as the TAM grows and as our business grows. But Massachusetts, obviously, for obvious reasons, we have the land-based presence there. You've seen market share from fellow market participants in places where they have brick-and-mortar presence, and it obviously warrants prioritizing Massachusetts.

Well, look, we've generated operating leverage all over the building over the course of really the past 3 or so quarters. And I'm incredibly proud of the team for doing that. If you look at our rates, if you look at what we've done in food and beverage, really every nook and cranny we've driven operating leverage. So what you're seeing is that really the culmination not of aggressively reducing FTEs or negatively impacting the customer experience but rather pricing.
And so we go as -- with that in mind, we go as pricing does, right? And so I'm loath to pin a margin and forecast whether we can maintain a 40% margin, an incredibly healthy margin because what we won't do is gut staffing and degrade the customer experience to even if there is a modest recession. We just don't do that. We're thinking about our brand over a 20-year term, not over a quarter.
So I'm loath to pin a particular margin, but what I can tell you is that the team here is very appropriately managing staffing. We're probably down about 10% from pre-COVID levels, yet our customer satisfaction scores are up, and we are pricing our product appropriately based on the quality of that product.

Well, what we have consistently said is that we'll be driving down the burn each quarter. Now Massachusetts, as I mentioned earlier, I think, to David's question, Massachusetts could change that. But I don't imagine it materially shifting. So it's really kind of immaterial in the grand scheme of things. And so I wouldn't spend a bunch of time and brain damage trying to forecast it. The trend should be down with the exception of a few quarters that we might do some user acquisition in Massachusetts as the market opens.

I'll start and then I'll pass it to Brian. Keep in mind there are a lot of potential international visitors that have been unable to visit. So we've been able -- we've been quite successful on the international front despite that, but that is a tailwind that we have. Brian, do you want to talk about mix and opportunities?

I'll start, and then I'll ask Ian to provide his thoughts as well. Not really. I mean we understand and appreciate what Macau is trying to achieve, diversifying the market, both in terms of the geographic origin of visitors and their motivations to visit is not a process that happens overnight.
In Vegas, it took many years, and it was a concerted effort by both government and business. We were instrumental in leading that change here in Vegas, and we will, of course, continue to play our part in Macau's journey to do the same. Ian, anything you would add, in particular, on the tender requirement?

Brian?

Sure. We learned to run the business differently before COVID. We've talked about this before. And we completely reevaluated how we do that. And so we are running, I mentioned earlier on about 10% less FTEs than pre-COVID. And we're doing it in an absolute range of the market and our customer satisfaction scores are going up. So that's a real testament to the team. So I would consider that at this point, permanent.
The operating leverage that we were able to obtain out of the business units, look, room, as you well know, room prices fluctuate with supply and demand. So you can have positive operating leverage -- deleveraging operating leverage in rooms in a week's notice.
On the food and beverage side, I suspect some of it's sticky. I mean, inflation is what it is, and we've been able to drive a decent amount of operating leverage out of the food and beverage portion of the business. So it's a little bit of a mixed bag. But Robin, I guess what I would say is the FTE count is what it is.

Thanks, everybody.