Thanks, Craig, and thank you all for joining us today. So first, I'd like to address my decision to leave the company. I've been at Wynn for 20 years and been the CEO for the last 4. And I made a commitment in 2018 to this company and to the Board of Directors and what was likely one of the messiest transitions in corporate history that I'd do everything I could to keep the culture, to make the -- to get the company on firm footing and to ensure that we would emerge better than we were before.
Now along that journey as we were making lots of progress in getting things stable, we bumped into a pandemic. And that was the time really when Wynn was able to shine. We became the beacon in the hospitality. People looked at us on what to do. We paid all of our staff during the shutdown. We invested in our culture. We knew that by doing those things and continuing to be exactly who we are, that it would pay off over the long term, not just for our people and for our customers, but for our shareholders. 
I'd like to thank the unwavering commitment and support of the Board of Directors during these 4 years. After we made this decision, they did ask me if I would remain on the Wynn Macau board to ensure stability and to assist with the concession renewal process there, which I agreed to do through 2022 and also the Wynn Interactive Board to make sure that we create lots of value for the Wynn Resort shareholders, which I also agreed to.
I'm very happy to say that the Board was -- is 100% behind and has picked the exact right person to replace me as I transition out in Craig Billings. Craig has been my right hand man for 5 years now. He's been through the good, the bad, all of it, and he knows what to do. He understands culture.
He's not a guy that's going to build a big corporate infrastructure. He makes decisions fast and he feels the brand and the company really couldn't be in a better position going forward. And in fact, if you look at that, I think the proof is in this quarter.  
If we just jump to the results and get the business here, in Las Vegas, we made $183 million of EBITDA.   And that's not a whole bunch of cost savings that are going to go away over time and can you sustain the margin, et cetera. Only $15 million to $18 million of that $183 million came from cost savings. The rest of it, we're taking market share.
Over the last 4 years, we've opened a 400,000 square-foot convention facility. We built a new golf course. We have changed out 40 of our 60 retail stores to become the shopping destination. We restructured our club so that margins went from 7% to almost 30%.
We've raised our prices in our hotels seeing straight flow through. Every area we're taking share, casino included. We are not only outpacing all of our results, but we're taking share from the market.
I knew coming in that we needed to cater to a demographic that was in more than 30 to 50 on top of our current demographic in the baby boomer generation. We've opened lots of new restaurants. In fact, one of the new ones, Delilah. If you call right now, you can't get in until February. I've never seen anything like it. And while that's one restaurant, it's an example of all the changes that we've made, that have really set the foundation for Wynn Las Vegas to take off like a rocket ship. And I think one of the most important aspects of a successful business is culture.
People talk about that, but we all know in our business, only people make people happy. And if your employees believe that their future will be better because of the place they work and that their employer is going to take care of them when times get tough, you've harnessed the power of the universe. And that's what we have going on right now.
Look, I'll give you an example. Hospitality is experiencing extreme labor shortages right now throughout North America. It's a fact. People are talking about it, but not at Wynn. We had 4 open servers in our restaurants, positions, open positions. Last month, we had 1,066 people apply.   Sure, big tip job. You might expect that.
We had 22 open positions for casino cleaners last month. They clean the bathrooms, the casino, the restaurants. They make the place sparkle. We had 2,015 people apply for those 22 spots. That is the sign of a good business. That's when you know you're going to win over the long term because your customers understand that loyalty and people want to be here. And so I feel very good about where Wynn Las Vegas is in terms of its culture, its employees, the product and its future.
Looking on for Boston Harbor, same thing. Record results, $64 million of EBITDA. And we did the very similar that we did in Las Vegas during the shutdown, was we looked at things that weren't working. We had a buffet that was losing $12 million a year. So we ripped it out, while we were shut down, and we built probably the world's best sports bar that once Massachusetts legalizes sports betting, it will be the best sports book on the East Coast hands down.
We put in new food and beverage offerings. We reconfigured the entire casino. We changed out our casino loyalty program, and our database has been growing exponentially. We have over 418,000 people in the database. And at the trajectory that it's growing now, that's probably going to double over the next 2 years.
So Encore Boston Harbor, again, is only at the beginning of its growth and the North American assets really couldn't be in a better position.   There was a little bit of concern that maybe the stimulus money or pent-up demand, et cetera, was causing some of this? And that may be true for the third quarter and what we experienced in the summer, but it's certainly continuing.
In October, Wynn Las Vegas had its best month on record, highest EBITDA, highest margin and we held below our normal range. Same at Encore Boston Harbor. The group business is coming back. We've seen groups taking up over 30% of our room nights in August and September.
And the way that we're running these facilities now and the way that we're yielding and being unrelenting on price because people like the quality, the flow-through is happening. Just last weekend, our average rate was $780 in Las Vegas, and we're at 99% occupancy. And that is continuing into the future because we're taking market share and Las Vegas itself is growing.
Turning to Macau. We've had, as everyone in the market has had fits and starts there as to the business. But what has been very encouraging over the last month has been the consultation process with the government. It's been open, it's been transparent, it's been productive, and we feel very good about the future of Macau and our position in Macau.
Looking at Wynn Interactive. We launched lots of new products this quarter that we're very proud of. We made great progress in Arizona with first-time depositors . And we're seeing good customer feedback and our retention is quite strong. However, the market is really not sustainable right now.
Competitors are spending too much to get customers. And the economics are just not something that we're going to participate in, in the short term. So while we built the brand, we launched the product in the third quarter, we're going to be focused on building a long-term business that's sustainable, that is not losing lots and lots of money.
So we are shifting our strategy to think about the future, think about the long term, think about cash preservation. And we remain very confident that we'll create significant value for the Wynn Resort shareholders with our digital strategy.
With that, I'm going to go ahead and turn it over to Craig. Congratulations, Craig.

And I'll let him go through some more details.

What I can tell you is when the government announced the consultation process, it was very structured to add a beginning timeline and when the meetings are going to be scheduled and everything happened exactly as they had laid out. And so we've just been very happy with how open it's been and how constructive it's been.
And I think that, that is going to continue throughout '22 as Macau really focuses on the long-term health and stability, which they have continued to say, of the industry and of the region. So I can't give any specific dates or timelines, but what I can tell you is we're very confident in the process.

Yes, sure, Joe. It's actually -- there's nothing more to it than what I laid out at the beginning of this call. I've been here for 20 years. I was Steve Wynn's right-hand guy for a long time. And when that transition happened. I made the commitment that I was going to make sure this company didn't lose what it was built on, which was excellence, service-driven and just being the best.
And that's what I wanted to do. That's what I wanted to achieve. And we've done that. Now the pandemic, frankly, elongated my program a little bit because when that hit, I realized you don't needed to read through that and make sure that we come out better than ever.
So it's really one of those -- it's been 20 years exactly what I wanted to achieve, we've done. And I feel like the management team that's in place, the people that are in place and where this company is that, it's the right time for me to go do something else, which I'm quite excited about. And it's -- and Craig is the exact right person to step in. There's really nothing more to it. I committed to 4 years, and that's my 4-year anniversary.

Thank you.

There isn't one piece of the business, Thomas, that we haven't touched and addressed and changed and adapted. So really, these 2 assets are firing on all cylinders.

Brian, why don't you take that?

Yes, sure. Ian, why don't you jump in and take that.

Yes. This is Matt. And Craig and I have, for the last 5-plus years, we work on these things together, and that is what Wynn does. So I think we will be participating in the New York process up until it seems either like a good deal or uneconomic, and it's hard to know. But that's one that we're going to keep a close eye on. And there are other potential new jurisdictions that could be really exciting, actually. And what's so great about this company is our design team and architecture team, over 100 people that are responsible for Mirage and Treasure Island and Bellagio and Wynn, basically the modern day integrated resort are all intact and excited.
And you can't build something new if you haven't built these things in the past, and our team is really good at that and understands how to make these things work, both financially, but more importantly, for the customers. So If a new opportunity comes up, that makes sense for Wynn and the Wynn brand, I think that we will -- the team will continue to look at it.

Robin, it's Matt. I think everyone is focused on that issue, and the industry is fairly united. And like I said, I think the government has been very open and transparent. And in fact, in one of the consultative hearings, they talked about the need to balance the employment market and stability of Macau with returns for shareholders, which I think is perfectly logical and makes a lot of sense.
And Linda, you're attending these meetings in person. What are your thoughts?

Sure. No problem.