Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. Well, it's definitely been an eventful 3 months since we last reported quarterly earnings. So I'd like to start the call by reminding everyone of who we are.
We are the leading operator of luxury five-star integrated resorts, catering to the most discerning customers in the world. We are the designers and developers of buildings and amenities that are global international tourist destinations.
We're 25,000 professionals, dealers, architects, florists, housekeepers, performers, chefs, designers and thousands and thousands of others that deliver our brand promise to over 20 million customers globally every single year. Together, we are Wynn.
Over the past 3 months, those 25,000 people have done what they do best, being in the moment with our customers, paying attention to every detail and delivering the best experience available in the markets where we operate.  And the score card's in; record results. Their efforts show immediately right now in what you see. 
Meanwhile, executive management has not only been focused on maintaining and enhancing the operations of the business and stabilizing the culture, but in reducing the noise surrounding our business.
As CEO, I'm not interested in looking the rearview mirror. It's guaranteed wrecked on the way. I'm only focused on the future. In order to focus on the future, we had to make meaningful progress over the last 60 days, so that on each and every one of these calls, we're talking about our business and we're talking about our people and we're talking about our growth.
Just to remind you of a few things that we've done over the last 60 days. Steve Wynn's no longer a shareholder in his business -- in this business. In fact, 2/3 of his stock, or 8 million shares, the company personally placed with 2 long-term, institutional thoughtful shareholders, and we're proud to have their support.  Galaxy Entertainment, a company that we greatly admired, purchased 920-plus million dollars of Wynn's stock right under 5% of Wynn Resorts, Limited. And we look forward to working with them in the future.
We increased our quarterly dividend by 50%, and we're no longer mired in litigation. 6 years of litigation with Universal Entertainment, billions of dollars at risk. And we were able to solve that by repurchasing the redeemed shares. Effectively, there are 24.5 million shares. It's $78 a share. We didn't finance it at 2%, we financed it at 6%. That was the deal we made. It was a great deal for our shareholders and for our company. It was a great deal for Universal. And it's no longer a financial overhang and a significant drag on management time and a distraction. And we wish Universal well in the future.
We also resolved all outstanding litigation with Elaine Wynn. 6 years' worth. With no payment by the company. In addition, I'm particularly proud of our board. They began a serious search to refresh and expand our Board of Directors 60 days ago. Started with over 50 candidates using an executive search firm, plus their networks and connections. I personally interviewed over 10 different candidates. Personally interviewed 10 candidates. And I'm really proud of the nominated committee and our Board of Directors for the 3 people that they chose. 3 new female board members that are going to bring significant skill and experience to our board and to our company as it relates to corporate governance. Strategic communication, hospitality, technology. And what's exciting about these new board members, on top of the great assets that they're going to bring to the boardroom, is that our company is now in the top 40 of the S&P 500 in terms of female representation on public company boards.
We've also continued to implement significant initiatives internally to bolster our company's culture and to make sure that it remains strong and keeps growing. I am committed to lead our company and in this industry in diversity and gender equality. And what's great about our company is our base is already so strong. For every job opening at Wynn Las Vegas, we get 110 applications. 110 applications. And that is actually increasing right now.
Our turnover rate is less than half of the industry standard because this is the best place to work, and we are going to continue to invest in our people. They are not an expense, they are the asset of the company. And we are really excited about the future.
As I mentioned in our March pre-announcement, we're intensely focused on capital allocation to enhance shareholder value. includes that all future development opportunities in Las Vegas, in Macau and in a region that I'm very excited about, Japan, which we're going to be spending more time and more resources there in the future.
Let me give you a concrete example of this approach. Over the last 30 days, we launched a review of our $360 million convention facility to ensure what we were building was exactly right. We were able to identify $35 million of savings by simply consolidating some back-of-house space while only reducing the rentable square footage by less than 5%. The changes actually enhanced the customer experience, do not impact the timing, which is scheduled to open in March of 2020; and enhances the EBITDA potential of the project.  That type of discipline and focus is something that we are going to bring to everything we do in this company. In addition, I've begun closely working with our global design and development team, which has over 100 employees -- 150 employees and is the best in our industry. Because I want to take a fresh look at the lagoon project -- the lagoon component of our project on the golf course in Las Vegas.
I've challenged the team. I don't want to focus on the mass market theme park, which is really where we were going before, on trying to attract more the mass market into the lagoon, and really focus on the luxury customer and what it is that our hotel guests wants. And so the lagoon is going to be an amenity for our hotel guests because we are going to reinvent daytime activity for the guests in Las Vegas and continue to make Wynn Las Vegas the best place to stay on the Las Vegas Strip.
Lastly, in Las Vegas, we're carefully considering our approach to the development of the lagoon. We're really fortunate to have a large assembly of prime Las Vegas land, and the importance of appropriately sequencing that development cannot be overstated. We look forward to providing more details on these developments in the very near future.
Moving to Macau. I have reprioritized and accelerated investment opportunities in Macau. In 2018, we will begin $100 million investment program at the Peninsula in downtown Wynn Macau. This will include reinvigorating our original casino. We call it the West Casino. Building 2 new restaurants there, taking out a lot of the exterior junket space that's not productive, and making that a vibrant atmosphere. We think the returns to our shareholders will be quite impressive when we're finished with that. We're also going to remodel our Encore rooms. Some of the most popular rooms in all of Macau are going to begin that remodel this year.
Moving to Wynn Palace. We opened Red 8 in February to great success. The team is currently working on 2 new restaurant concepts that we plan on beginning construction on this year that we'll continue to add to the non-gaming amenities at Wynn Palace.  In addition, we are conceptualizing what we should be doing with the 11 acres of additional land at Wynn Palace. We're working through what will be best for our company, for our shareholders, and also to achieve the government's vision of increasing non-gaming amenities in Macau.
Turning quickly to some of the quarter results. We saw strength across the portfolio. At Wynn Palace, we continued to aggressively take share in the mass market. And it wasn't only in the premium end. In fact, our premium mass was up over twice what it was at this time last year. But the main floor mass-market was over -- was up over 70% from last year, so we're seeing strength across the board in the mass-market at Wynn Palace.
In fact, our mass gaming revenues, including slots, were almost 48% of our gross gaming revenue, and that's compared to just 39% in the fourth quarter of 2017. Our VIP volumes remain strong, up 39%. So everything's working there. Wynn Macau continued to maintain its share during the quarter, VIP volumes were up 29% over the year, and mass was up over 20%.
I really want to commend Ian, Linda, Ciaran and Frederic and the 13,000 Macau-based colleagues for delivering so strongly over the past several quarters and their intense focus on the future.
In Las Vegas, the property experienced a record first quarter EBITDA. In fact, overall room revenues for the first quarter were a quarterly record for Wynn Las Vegas. And I think what's important is we've seen no degradation of the business. In fact, what we're seeing is stronger bookings for 2018 and into 2019 if you look at the same time last year.  So what we're feeling and seeing in Las Vegas is continued strength. 
I am as excited as ever about the future prospects of this company. We have the best assets in the industry, and we will continue to execute on our service and product-led strategy in all of our markets over the coming years.
Before we turn it over to Q&A, I'd like for Craig Billings to take everyone through some of the specifics in the press release. Craig?

Sure. When we entered that market, it was actually 5 years ago, we were excited about the prospects of that market, the location, and the ability to generate some growth for the company. And 5 years later to today, we still like the greater Boston area market. We think it is a really good opportunity. However, we're a $30 billion company. And if there was ever any risk due to heightened rhetoric that there could be any contagion from Massachusetts into our $30 billion company in Las Vegas and Macau, we will have to take a hard look at what is best to protect our shareholders and our value. So again, we love the market. We are going to continue to actively cooperate with the regulators there and move forward. But at the same time, we will always be protecting our shareholders and our employees.

I think that our understanding is consistent with yours that it's in the summer. I wouldn't speculate early or mid. But we are actively cooperating with the regulators and it feels like the process is moving forward quite smoothly.

So those 2 things are totally separate. What we agreed to with Universal was that from the time that note was outstanding, the $1.936 billion, that instead of it being at a 2% interest rate, it would be at a 6% interest rate. And when you recalculate it over the 5-year period, that's why the number was $2.4 billion instead of $1.9 billion. So the extra 400-plus million dollars was incremental interest expense related to that.

Sure. So what I'm focused on is having long-term strategic partners as owners of this company. The 2 investors that bought 8 million shares from Steve Wynn fit into that category, and so does Galaxy. I've been a long admirer of Francis Lui and what he's done, and they are long-term investors. And so having long-term stable capital in the equity, I think, is a very good move for this company and for all the shareholders. Also Carlo, I'm not a big fan of lots of parent company debt, which is where that $1.9 billion existed. It was the only debt at the parent. So equitizing the parent, getting rid of the $2 billion of debt at the parent, really enhances our flexibility to do more in the future.

Sure. So the company's current asset-base is the best in the business, I believe. And our growth profile is quite strong. And so what we're doing is we're reprioritizing where we want to spend our capital based on where we think we can get more immediate growth. So I have reprioritized spending money in Macau, and looking at those projects and what's going to attract new customers and keep our customers at those properties longer. In Las Vegas, our previous project, actually, the budget was over $3 billion. That was not sustainable. And so we are taking a hard look at what is sustainable here and what's going to keep attracting our customer. So we're moving forward with the lagoon, and we're going -- and I'm a big believer in the future of Las Vegas. And so what we're going to be coming back to the investment community with later this year is where our next development opportunity will be. Will it be on the lagoon? Will it be on the Las Vegas Strip with the property we purchased in January? Those are things that we are studying now and will spend a lot of time on. In terms of future development, we -- I'm going to be spending more time and we're really enhancing our team to focus on the Japan opportunity. It's something that I think is getting time, is getting ripe for additional investment. And we are really focused on that. We think we have a great story there. We're already talking to potential consortium partners. We're focusing on locations. I've dedicated a couple of people there that are full-time, that are developers and understand how to work with the governments in terms of what it is that they want to accomplish. So the vision is we are going to keep developing. We are going to be at the top of the market. We're going to use our 150 people in our design and development team to execute properties at the highest standards that are going to drive shareholder returns.

It is. We will consistently review, invest in the ground, pay down debt, buy back stock, increase dividends. Those are something that Craig and his team are going to be reviewing on an ongoing basis and what is going to drive more value. The 50% increase in the dividend is something that was easily sustainable by our business, and we -- our-- board and management team will continuously be reviewing that.

Ian, why don't you go ahead and take that?

I'll take that first, Joe, and then I'll turn it over to Ian. But I think what we're seeing there is we're seeing an increase in the quality of our customers. So we haven't seen a big uptick in foot traffic coming into the buildings, but if you look at the -- what it takes now at Wynn Palace, from an average daily theoretical basis to get a room comp, that is going up quite significantly, which is really a telltale sign of the quality of the customers. So we're seeing premium mass customers that are staying at MGM, walking over to Wynn Palace to enjoy our facilities. And that's, obviously, has an outsized benefit on the revenue line. Ian or Linda, do you want to add to that?

Because both operators, Wynn and Galaxy, focus on quality and on experience. I think that as international jurisdictions open up, we could potentially work together to jointly examine those. We certainly haven't made any agreements to do that, but our operating styles and philosophies are very similar. And it's something that could potentially be a value to both companies in the future.

I would hate to speculate for them. It doesn't look like 100% from a guy that drives by it everyday to go to work. But I really think you would have to ask them. There are some cranes up. There are some people there. So it's not empty at Genting. I'm actually not sure at all about  Fontainebleau, but it doesn't feel it's ramped up to 100%.

We would definitely agree that additional capacity in 2019 and 2020 would be a long shot. These projects feel to me like they're much further away than that.

Sure. So we're big believers in the Japanese market. Everything that Japan stands for in terms of tourism, which is the best hospitality in the world, some of the finest food in the world, architecture that is hands-down some of the best in the world, all of those things, we think, really fit with what we do, which is the luxury experience in the integrated resorts. And more and more people from all over the world, and in particular in Asia, are traveling to Japan every year. So we would be -- we're going to be very interested and looking at a large scale opportunity there. We will be working with a consortium of companies. But it's one of the moments that in our industry, you do not want to miss. And so, we'll clearly always watch to make sure that the rules and regulations are conducive to good operating environment, but it's one that we're very focused on.

Sure. So there's just been an onslaught of negativity from the media. And what that does is that destabilizes people because they read that things are for sale or there are problems. And so I've actually been hosting town halls for all employees, about 15 of them, and I think I've seen almost 15,000 employees so far, talking about the future of the company and how bright it is and how we're not for sale, and what it is that we're doing and how we're focusing on who we are and we're going to keep reinvesting in our people. We immediately implemented some initiatives that had been a long time coming, like paid parental leave. Didn't exist in Las Vegas. It should have. And so there are simple things like that, that we've initiated. We've initiated some leadership development programs per line level staff that want to then make it to supervisor and supervisor to manager. We've rolled that out in a big way because we want to continue to provide opportunities for our people to grow. So really, what we're doing is just reminding everybody that we are Wynn. We're very strong. And the future is better than the past, no matter what the media likes to say.

Actually, I'd like Maurice Wooden, our property president, to grab that.

One other thing I'd like to point out in Las Vegas. If you look at our non-gaming numbers, and it doesn't look like that the other piece outside of hotel is up very much, there's a reason. Our retail revenues were down almost 20%, but that's because of a change in strategy. We've been moving out of operating unprofitable retail stores and moving into experts in retail and leasing that out. So while our revenues in retail were down almost 20%, our operating income in that department was up almost 10% for the quarter. So those are things that wouldn't be transparent in the press release, but moves that we continue to make internally.

So the capital allocation strategy in Macau is to continue to focus on investments in non-gaming amenities that will drive additional customers to Macau, and accelerating the design of those and those investments, because we feel like there's great opportunity there. And we'll continue to always revisit our dividend policy there relative to our free cash flow.

So we're internally big believers in Las Vegas. I think the future of Las Vegas is very bright. What it is that we build will be consistent with the Wynn brand and with luxury and with the customer that we have been focused on for the last 15 years. So we're moving forward with the lagoon. And we are reevaluating what our next development opportunity should be. But we are moving forward with ideas for a new development opportunity, whether it's on the lagoon or across The Strip because over the next number of years, we are believers in Las Vegas. What we've done in Macau was just accelerate a lot of the ideas that we've been working on and begin to try to move that forward in a more expedited basis. And then we're always looking at international developments. So if something comes up like a Japan or pick another place that has great rules and regulations and is a large opportunity, and is potentially better at returns, then the company will have to look at and shift its focus. But for now, we're monitoring all 3 and aggressively pursuing all 3.

No, no, that's not the right way to think about it. So the convention center's underway. We caught $35 million out of that budget and enhanced the customer experience. The lagoon is underway. So that is going to be targeted as an amenity for our 4,700 rooms here at Wynn Las Vegas that will reinvent daytime activity in Las Vegas. I don't say that lightly. We're going to have watercraft and great water sports, beachfront, we're going to have some restaurants and some bars. It's going to be a really fun place to be for our customers. The next multibillion-dollar development of new hotel rooms, new restaurants, the full integrated resort, that is what we are examining right now. Before, that was on the lagoon and being programmed as Phase 1b. That's what we're re-examining to decide. Do we want to focus there or do we want to focus across The Strip for the next resort?

It is. It is.

So we're not going to quantify what the returns on those will be, because it's really about adding to the overall integrated resort and keeping our customers longer. Clearly, we think the returns are going to be strong. In terms of renovation, I know the team's working carefully with the Encore room tower remodel, because it's one of the most popular room products in all of Macau, to ensure that we're not jeopardizing business. I mean, that tower runs at over 95% occupancy. So taking rooms out to remodel is a delicate dance. And we're working through that now to try to make sure we minimize the impact on the business.

Sure. Linda and Ian, why don't you talk about the comp mix in the hotel?

But the Cotai mix is different than Peninsula. So we're not going to start setting targets for the Cotai room mix to be the same as the Peninsula. That, as you know, Tom, is just the wrong thing to do. So we'll continue to increase our room mix in an appropriate way so that we're maximizing the bottom line.

No. Too early. We are in the beginnings of the conceptualization phase. We're actually bringing in some of the leading global designers and people in the animatronics world that we've worked with in the past, that were actually responsible for the Lake of Dreams here in Las Vegas and the Prosperity Tree in Macau, to start to conceptualize some really interesting non-gaming amenities. But we're at the beginning of that, and it will be a number of quarters before we're able to articulate it.

So we never lead with a number without knowing the location. All the rules in play, what the consortium looks like and what the expected returns are. So clearly, I think anybody could throw out 1 trillion yen and back into an ROI that makes sense. But until we know those things, we're not going to be putting out budgets based on thin air. So what we're doing is working carefully with the cities in the Tokyo Bay region and in Osaka, explaining our qualifications, what it is that we do and working on partnerships to move forward in either one of those markets.

Okay. Thank you very much, everybody. We look forward to speaking after the call.