Thanks, Craig, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today on this conference call. Before we just dive right in to the fourth quarter numbers, I'd like to make a few opening remarks.
2018 was a year of transition for our company, and that transition is now over. We have a fully reconstituted board. It's -- with Phil Satre as the Chair, working very well with management. In North America, we've hired a number of new people. We hired a new Chief Marketing Officer that started about 2 months ago. We've hired a new Head of Human Resources, for all of North America. And within the last 30 days, we've hired Marilyn Spiegel, who is sitting beside me today as the new President of Wynn Las Vegas. 
I'd like to welcome Marilyn back because she did work with us for 3 years in this role, almost 10 years ago, and I'm really excited to work with her.

So now that we have our board in place, our team in place in North America, and we're continuing to grow our team in Boston, and what I believe to be the best team in Macau, running Wynn Macau and Wynn Palace in place, we're ready to execute our strategy, and our strategy is growth. I believe that we have the best and most robust growth pipeline in our industry.
As an example, 5 months from now, we're going to be opening the very first, large-scale, integrated resort in a Tier 1 city, Encore Boston Harbor. The Boston Metroplex, it's 20 million tourists a year, 2 million of those are international, and we have a $2.6 billion property that we're going to be opening right in the heart of the Boston Metroplex, and we'll be all alone. We're really excited about that opportunity. It provides a step change in EBITDA for our company, and that's in 5 months. 
Looking here in Las Vegas. Las Vegas is now a marketer's market. You can see by the overall growth rates here, on The Strip, that it's pretty much in line with the economy. And so we know that we have to take share. And right now, in Las Vegas, we have a 400,000 square-foot convention facility, state of the art, under construction. It's going to open in 13 months. We know that, that's going to add 4 to 6 points of additional occupancy, at a strong rate, to our property in 2020. And everybody on this call knows, when you get additional occupancy at a strong rate, that's straight flow through. 
We've also redesigned with Tom Fazio our golf course, and it will be opening around the same time. And not only does that golf course make money on its own, but we've underestimated the impact that it has on our domestic casino business, allowing our host and our team to run special events, to run programs, that will continue to enhance our casino play.
We have 3 new restaurant concepts underway here in Las Vegas that we're going to be rolling out in 2019, because our customers expect us to continue to innovate, and that's what we're doing. So I feel very good about the position -- the long-term position of our property, and the ways that we're investing here in Las Vegas.
Turning to Macau. If you look at our downtown property, Wynn Macau, which has always been an outlier in terms of its performance relative to its size, we realized, in the early 2018, in the first and second quarter, that Wynn Macau is doing very well, but it was making a disproportionate share of its money from second-tier junket operators. And that's not a place where we wanted to invest for the long term. We've been to that movie. We know how it ends. That is too volatile. So we began redesigning Wynn Macau, the entire original casino, and also remodeling some of the nicest suites in Macau, the Encore Tower Suites.
And we started that construction in July. And in the fourth quarter of this year, we'll be relaunching an entirely new premium mass casino experience that's open to the water, 3 new restaurants, 10,000 square feet of additional retail, and a new hotel tower that wasn't just a soft refurb, the Encore Tower, but is completely redone like it's new property.
We'll be effectively launching a new property at the end of this year for Wynn Macau that's focused squarely on the business that we believe in for the long term, and that's the Premium Mass segment. 
Moving to Wynn Palace. Wynn Palace continues to position itself as the premier property at Cotai. Ian, and Linda, and the team, have been opening a new food and beverage outlet almost every quarter over the last 4 quarters, and he has another one coming up in the next 6 weeks I'd like for him to talk about, which is really exciting. And so what we see at Wynn Palace is as it continues to get into its rhythm, it's the place where the premium players like to stay and like to play.
Now what we know is we don't have enough hotel rooms. It's 1,700 hotel rooms. So we are actively designing what I think will be the top tourist destination in Macau with the Crystal Pavilion, something that I've spoken about a couple of times on these calls, along with a Phase 1 hotel tower of 670 rooms, and a Phase 2 hotel tower that's roughly the same size. So our growth pipeline is quite impressive if you just take a look at where we are right now, and where we're going to be in the next 12, 24, and 36 months.
Turning to the fourth quarter results. In Macau, we generated $394 million of EBITDA. It was above our range that we gave in the third quarter. I would like to point out that we've spent the vast majority of October and November inside the range that we provided in the third quarter. And the inherent volatility of Macau makes predicting the market revenues, given everything that's going on with the head -- the global headwinds, potentially slowing global growth, things that companies now all over the world are talking about, not just us, does make it more difficult. 
As an example, Wynn Palace, in October and November revenues, were down slightly to fourth quarter 2014, October and November. But in December, they increased 50%, 5-0. On the VIP side, that was mainly hold, but on the mass side, it was up 40% in mass play in December. Clearly, that's not a number we would extrapolate. It's not something that we would say is a trend, but what it shows is the inherent volatility in Macau exist. There are peaks and there are valleys. But the way that we positioned our properties, we will be there to capture the premium customers when they come to town. 
Looking at Las Vegas. We made about $105 million of EBITDA this quarter. In the third quarter, we had a setback in our baccarat volumes. We had lost some market share, but we recovered. We've made a few changes in marketing and the way that we're looking with our mission. We recovered in the fourth quarter, and I feel good about Las Vegas, considering everything that we have going on here that I mentioned earlier in the call, with the convention center, the golf course, the restaurants, Marilyn's stewardship driving this property every day. I think that Las Vegas' best days are yet to come. 
And with that, I'm going to turn it over to Craig, for a little more detail in the quarter.

Yes. So we remain watching the situation with caution, but I think as all companies around the world are doing. Global growth is uncertain, and where the trade wars end up is also uncertain. We continue to experience peaks and valleys in Macau, but as you can see from this quarter, we, being at the premium end of the market, we can control what we can control. We can't control the vicissitudes of the market. And so I feel really good about where Wynn Palace and Wynn Macau are positioned in the market, but we are still waiting to see, I think, like the rest of the world, what the market and how the growth will play out globally.

So I'll start that, Joe, and then, I'll turn it over to Ian. I think that we -- in the fourth quarter, you could feel, at Wynn Macau, some of that disruption, and I think that, that -- those volume levels, again, all market dependent, are in this range and sort of what we're expecting until we can relaunch the property at the end of the year. So I don't know, Ian, if you want to follow up on that?

And Joe, I'm sure you'll -- as you see, the first 2 quarters of 2018 were quite strong for Wynn Macau, and a lot of that was bolstered by mid-tier junkets, which has really been the segment in Macau that has declined, by far, the most. So.

Sure. So we talk about this a lot to try to decide if there's a trend that we're noticing. I was in Macau 2 weeks ago and met with the Head of Suncity, Alvin, in particular, to talk about what he's seeing, and collections are not an issue right now. Liquidity doesn't appear to be an issue. It's really more caution. So this is not the scenario that we saw in 2014 and '15. That's not the case at all. We're not having any of our junket operators come to us and ask us for additional advances, which is -- that's usually a clear indication of a credit bubble.

Yes. From both. I think everyone's learned a valuable lesson. In particular, the really large players that had a multibillion-dollar business. And so, again, the mid-tier junkets are the ones that we've seen decline, but the 3 major junket operators still appeared to be healthy.

Yes. Look, I think we're going to defend our position on The Peninsula as the premium property. And knowing that the mid-tier junket business is not reliable, we're actually gravitating the business model away from that. And two, over the long term, the premium mass model, which Wynn Macau does very well, and I think the -- our Encore casino is probably some of the highest grossing mass tables in all of Macau or Cotai. And so what we want to do is replicate that experience, and not rely on mid-tier junket operators. So really repositioning that property for the future.

Well, clearly, premium mass business is more profitable than mid-tier junket business. So we're not just focus -- we don't sit around and focus on monthly gaming market share, given what happens between VIP slots and mass. We're focused on where do we position ourselves in the Greater Bay region, an area with 60 million people, a GDP of over $3 trillion, a new bridge that's connected Macau to one of the busiest and nicest airports in the world, how do we position ourselves for the future? And how we do that as we focus on the premium customer? It's making the decisions about where they want to go and where they want to stay. And that's what we're doing at Wynn Macau.

Well, we are clearly internally working towards opening June 23. We did, I'm sure you saw the press, settled here in the State of Nevada on the regulatory issues. Everything, except the fine. There's no limit on our licenses. There are no current employees under review. And we're really looking forward to working with the Massachusetts regulators and the gaming commission to get through the process there. I want to commend the regulators for the extensive and thorough work that they've done in Massachusetts. They've taken this extremely seriously and I think that they've done a very good job, and we're now just looking forward to a hearing being set and for us to present our case.

Well, I think we don't want to be predicting what we're going to be doing in the first quarter. And in particular, because in Macau, as I said, it's inherently volatile and there are peaks and valleys. And so Chinese New Year is coming up and that, I think, is going to be the real test for the first quarter. As you can imagine, you have the lulls in January before Chinese New Year, then we -- I think Chinese New Year is going to be quite strong, but we really need to wait and gauge on what does it feel like right before, what does it feel like after, to get a sense for it. Ian, do you have any other thoughts on that?

Sure. I actually completely disagree that the growth pipeline runs out. We have $0.5 billion of capital that will be deployed in Las Vegas and opened in 2020, and that will have real impact on this property and the operating leverage of this property. In Wynn Macau, that is another relaunch of a new property, and that's about 2020. And we're designing what I think will be a real game changer for Macau with the Crystal Pavilion and with the new hotel rooms at Wynn Palace. That will be a large project, and we think that it is going to solidify Wynn Palace as the place to go in the Greater Bay region. So if you look at the way that we're stair-stepping these things, sure, we'll be opening a $2.6 billion property, wrapping in June, wrapping up a $500 million expansion in Las Vegas in 2020, wrapping up a couple of hundred million dollars expansion in Wynn Macau at the end of this year, but we'll be rolling right into what we're doing at Wynn Palace. We are also very active in new markets. While you don't count the chickens before they hatch, I think we're well-positioned in Japan. That's -- we're working on that over the next -- right now. We have our designers here. Ian's here with me. We're focused on putting forward what we think will be, without a doubt, the most innovative and creative project and presentation in Japan. And I think we're well positioned there. That's further down the road, but we are going to continue to do those things and do them at the highest level.

Well, you're exactly right. Once the bills are paid in Boston, the free cash flow generation for this company goes up significantly. Because these other large-scale projects I'm talking about definitely take a couple of years before they -- the spend gets up and running or even longer. So you're exactly right. In 2021, and into -- then into '22, I think the free cash flow profile changes quite significantly there. Craig, do you have any...

I thought that Phil, probably, 3 or 4x a week, he is a great resource. I have a really good relationship with him. I don't think he is interested in getting back on the earnings conference calls at Wall Street. He's running boards. He's the Chairman of the Nordstrom board before stepping down. He's been on a number of boards. So he's really, as the Chairman of our board, focused on being a board member and not an [ investor ].

It was. Yes.

Yes. Sure. I think, as I said in my opening remarks, Las Vegas is a marketer's market. I think we will be focused on how are we going to increase our share in casino revenue and how we're going to drive our rate. We have structural -- new construction programs that are coming in to help us drive rate. That will start in 2020, but we're focused right now, every day on how are we're going to gain share on the casino side in particular, the domestic side, and grow our baccarat business, because it's worth looking at our global profile. We will now have 3 regions that our high-end customers will want to visit. They will want to go to Boston. There are lots of direct flights from Asia straight to Boston. They will want to come to Las Vegas. And so we're all working on how are we going to create the Wynn experience globally, so that we can continue to take share from our competitors.

So Cotai continues to take share from The Peninsula, but The Peninsula is still an enormous market. And what we're going to do is we're going to continue to focus to take share on The Peninsula. You're exactly right. Some of our competitors had some premium mass smoking rooms that are now on a level playing field. We are as focused on The Peninsula as we are at Wynn Palace, because it is a very large market and we think that we can continue to get ahead of our competitors.

Yes -- no, I can't. And so what I said on the last call was that these projects typically take about 5 years. It's a couple of years of design and development, and maybe I should have said something different. It's a couple of years of design. So I think we are a couple of years away from actually being able to answer what that project and budget will look like. We are thinking about what could come next and what could be different because the more rooms, more casino, more slots, and more retail, is not going to cut it. So that is at the very early stages, and we're really lucky to have 38 acres on The Strip.

Operator, was that the last question?

Okay. Thank you, everyone, for joining today. We look forward to speaking again soon.