Thanks, Craig, and thank you, everybody, for joining today. As we look back at what has occurred in 2020, we made a decision back in March that we were going to invest in our brand and in our culture. 
When we closed our facilities in March in Las Vegas and in Boston, and also the borders were restricted in Macau, we decided to pay all 30,000 team members their full wages and benefits through the closure, through the end of May. Because we know that over the long term, our brand and our culture are what is going to lead us out of this and will continue to allow us to lead in this industry. 
One thing that we did during the closure is we developed a comprehensive health and safety guidelines that, in fact, I believe, became the gold standard in the hospitality industry. Of course, everyone now has the electrostatic spray and UV technology and all the sanitization efforts same as us, thermal cameras as you walk in, to take temperatures. But one of the things that I'm particularly proud of is our testing capability. 
Not only did we test all of our employees before they started, but we developed an algorithm where we surveil our staff and we test randomly 500 to 600 people every couple of weeks, and we have 10 contact tracers in-house. To put that in perspective, we performed 16,750 tests, and 98% have come back negative. The roughly 300 that were positive of our staff, our contact tracers contacted them immediately and through an extensive interview process, 99% of those 300 people were exposed outside of Wynn.
Each week, I sit with and talk to the head of Global Health Security and Pandemic Research and her team from Georgetown University, going through our protocols and everything that we're doing. And just last week, talking about these numbers, her response was, "Wynn is probably the safest place outside of home that your employees and your customers go during the day." That's part of our brand. That's who we are, and that's what we're going to go live up to. 
When we began preparing to reopen on June 4 in Las Vegas, we knew that our brand and our culture were imperative, but so is our cash. And all along, I've been very clear that we were going to be staffing to demand when we opened. We made some tough decisions, rightsizing our expense structure since we've opened. And in the month of June, 26 days at Las Vegas, on a normalized basis, we made roughly $9 million in EBITDA. Our focus here is that we continue to keep our brand and keep our culture intact, but also keep our cash. We are going to continue to focus on breaking even or making money. 
We did notice in Las Vegas, there was some pent-up demand, in particular from California, as we opened in June. We were receiving roughly 4,000 reservations a day that would be spread over the upcoming 2 weeks. And then as the virus began to spike in our key drive-in markets in California and in Arizona, we saw a downtick in reservations, roughly 25% here at Wynn after the 4th of July. 
And we staffed appropriately. We're managing our business every day based on that reduced demand. And sitting here 30-odd days into the third quarter, our EBITDA is roughly $5 million. So it's impossible to predict whether Wynn Las Vegas during these times of restriction and closure will be making $5 million a month or $10 million a month. It's really out of our hands outside of the expenses, and we're focused on that every day and what's going on in our key drive-in markets. We're experiencing mid-50% occupancy on the weekends and in the 30s during the week. And the visibility is quite murky because it really is short-term bookings from our drive-in markets. 
Moving on to Encore Boston Harbor in Massachusetts. Clearly, we were not open in the second quarter. We opened that property in mid-July, on July 12 actually. And Encore Boston Harbor is experiencing what many regional casinos are experiencing around the country. Slot volumes are actually quite good. They're in fact up over last year on significantly reduced units. Table volumes are off, and probably disproportionately in Massachusetts relative to some other jurisdictions, because of the very tight restrictions that are in place. 
As an example, craps and roulette are still not open. We're working closely with the MGC to show how we can do that in a very safe way. And the number of positions are limited on the table side. So I do think there is more demand than supply for table games in our local markets there, and it's really just limited by our current restrictions.
In Macau, the second quarter was similar to the first quarter. And what is good about Macau is the direction of travel feels like progress. So I'm sure, as all of you on this call that are watching noticed, that every 2 weeks, there's a slight reduction in the restrictions, travel restrictions going to Macau, whether it was eliminating the quarantine between the Guangdong Province and Macau, and then allowing for nontourist visas to be issued beginning this month, and continued talk among various people about when tourist visas, the individual visa scheme, for the travel bubble of the Guangdong Province and Macau will begin. 
While we do not have any dates on when that will start, we are confident that, that is going to be happening in 2020. And each week, there seems to be a new, small incremental step forward. And once that travel bubble begins to open and tourist visas are being issued, Macau will be back in business. 
So before I hand it back over to Craig to give more color on the quarter, I just want to stress that we are going to be focused on leading in our industry, maintaining our brand, maintaining our culture and maintaining our cash. So there will be winners and losers that come out of this. And when this is over, and we come out, we want to make sure that we have the capital available to grow, and we have the culture in place to take care of our people and our customers. 
With that, I'll go ahead and turn it over to Craig for additional thoughts.

That's what we discuss internally and how we think about 2020, is that in the fourth quarter, we're hopeful to be at that level.

So it's certainly a very different business model. We're effectively a super regional casino right now. So without the convention base, without the nightclub crowd, without the large shows, we've become super regional. So we're really focused on promos, on offers, we have partnerships with JetSuiteX. We're doing lots of things to try to get people to come here more often, basically from California and Arizona, so frequency and worth to spend more. 
So the market is very promotional right now, obviously. And we're focused on our database and driving more casino revenue. Non-gaming revenue is down for us by 2/3. And that was 2/3 of our business. So we're doing everything we can to get heads in beds in the hotel and really focused on how we can get more of our drive-in market here on a more frequent basis.

Yes, sure. I think that no one can predict the future right now. So groups are all holding off until kind of late spring '21 into the back half of next year to decide what's going to happen and what they need. One thing that we're doing, which I think is probably different than most of our peers, is I'm spending a lot of time on point-of-care testing. There's a couple of really exciting technologies that are moving forward. And we are in line if those get their EUA, Emergency Use Authorization, under the FDA. Because I believe if we can have on-site point-of-care testing that provides pooling, meaning we -- it looks like you can do 10 people at a time with a 5-minute turnaround that, that changes the game for groups. So maybe you're not waiting until the mid-next year, if you can actually have point-of-care testing to show that everyone walking into this space is COVID-free. I think that, that could accelerate, I don't know how much, by months, our ramp-up of some of the smaller groups. 
That stuff has not been approved yet, but -- those point-of-care tests are not approved yet by the FDA, but they're moving fast. And the cost, especially with pooling, are coming down significantly. So I think my belief is that's sort of the bridge that we need to get to in a place that requires a lot of people to be together, before we're into the vaccine. Because I think as everyone knows, by the time that's approved and rolled out and implemented, those things are complicated and take a lot of time. So those are the types of things we're talking to our groups about in addition to all the social distancing measures and everything that we do to provide a really safe experience. And so the conversations are ongoing, but to say that we knew when groups would start coming back is, I think it's too early.

Yes, sure. I'm going to let Ian take that one.

Sure. So you're right about pricing power, Felicia, it's very complicated. In fact, every day at 11:45, we have a yielding meeting, looking at all the trends every day, because the market is so short-term and the ability to move price is quite tough. So customers are choosing on price. We're attempting to yield going into weekends when there's a lot of last-minute booking coming in, in particular for 1-day stays on Saturdays. And so those are really the opportunities. Midweek, very, very tough. It's a -- if you go online, you can see where the market is pricing. And so it's really -- the customers are choosing midweek and on the weekends, as we're attempting to yield as best we can. 
Marilyn, you want to talk a little bit about the convention mix and 2019 and what it means for us now?

This was around 1/3, convention.

Yes, sure. And when I said super regional, what I meant by that was, our customers are coming from drive-in markets. But our revenue, as you know, our revenues are not like a regional market revenue. When 2/3 of our business is nongaming, and that's down by 60-plus percent. So even though we're getting -- gaming spend is okay, you can't cut your way to better margins without absolutely destroying your brand and culture and company. You can't do it in our market, and we're not going to. 
So while we -- our expenses are down almost 40%, we're focused on EBITDA and not on margin because we want to make sure we're making cash, we're preserving our cash flow and we're preserving who we are for the long term.

Yes, sure. That's possible. And I'll let Craig take that and let Brian provide some color on our customers there.

Sure. So I think, as most of you that have been following us, our efforts in Japan over the last decade have been more monitoring as opposed to being really active. We have been monitoring that situation for years and years and years. And back in March, we decided that until there's more clarity on what the business is going to look like, what the world is going to look like and what the regulations really are over there, that we're pretty much ceasing our efforts. We did that about 4 months ago. It doesn't mean that we're not interested in the market. It just means that right now, it's not a focus for our company.

I think that each one would have to be able to support what we do. We would -- there are -- clearly, I think the Atlanta market or the New York market, under the right regulatory environment, under the right tax rate, under the right surrounding community agreements is something that we would take a look at. But without seeing what would be required, I can't say that any of those would be attractive for us right now.

Yes, sure. A fun topic we've talked about quite a bit internally. Ian, why don't you take that one?

Junket health.

All right. Well, thank you, everybody, for joining us today. We look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you.