Thanks, Craig, and thank you for joining us today, everyone. I'm sure everybody is glued to the television watching these exciting election results right now. So we'll just -- we'll get right into it on our results here.  
I'd like to start in Macau. So the third quarter in Macau was really very similar to the second. There wasn't a lot to talk about. We're still seeing roughly 8% to 10% of our visitor volumes compared to pre-COVID levels. And it was really -- there was just not a whole lot going on. But as everyone has been seeing, the government of Macau with its deliberate approach and steadfastness has been working very hard to continue to open Macau.  
Macau is probably one of the safest places on the planet, hasn't had COVID cases in months and months and months. And everyone there is really excited to see the progress that's going on. 
So as an example, in the month of August in Macau, our EBITDA line was negative $40 million because there's very low revenue, and we are carrying our cost.  
Our team is doing a great job saving money where we can, being more efficient while protecting the local employment and all of our employees.  
However, in October, we started to see those trends change. So we went from 10% of our normal visitor volumes, up to almost 30%. And it wasn't just over golden week. It was actually throughout the month. And in fact, I looked at our visitor data from November 2, 3 and 4 that went ballast before I walked in here. And we're seeing roughly 6,000 people a day come in the building, pre COVID, that number was 18,000.  
So those trends that we saw in early October are continuing into November. 
From a revenue standpoint in October, masked drop on our -- on the table side was roughly 40% of our pre-COVID levels. And on the junket side, which everyone has been talking about the junket business. What's going to happen to it? Is it going to survive? Where is it going to go?  
Clearly, it's changing. Clearly, it will be smaller even as we come through this than it was before, but it's still very real. We saw 30% -- roughly between 25% and 30% in turnover compared to our pre COVID levels in the junket space.  
So that activity produced actual positive EBITDA for us in October. So if you think about it, we went from a negative $40 million in August, which was normal, it was similar in July, et cetera, to a positive $6 million in October, quite a big swing. And what we are optimistic about in Macau is the way that everything has been handled there, it doesn't appear to be 1 step forward, 1 step backward, 1 step forward. It's been a very deliberate approach, very thoughtful. And it just feels like we are -- and the market is just going to continue to get better. I don't know at what speed. I don't know at what pace, but the overall mood, attitude and trajectory is quite good. In fact, looking at October at our sales, they were roughly flat with last year. And our top 5 stores in Macau were up 25% compared to last year. 
So there's real consumer -- pent-up consumer demand. And it's just going to take time for the market to continue to open, but we feel really good about the current trajectory that's going on there.  
Moving to North America. As we talked about on the last call, we are not going to sacrifice our brand or our culture to make an extra few dollars here or there. That means, while we have significantly less staff and approximately 7,400 less staff globally now that we did pre COVID, we are still operating at a 5-star level in Macau and in North America.  
We are focused on making sure we have the highest room rates in the market. But we've also been focusing on making sure that we continue to breakeven or make money. And in Las Vegas, we made $20 million in the third quarter, both adjusted closer to $28 million. 
Some of the things that are encouraging that we're seeing in Las Vegas is we are taking share in the casino segment. We're seeing new domestic customers that we've never seen before that previously were lifers at some of our competitors. And I think for all of the reasons that we've been laying out from our security protocols of checking everyone when they walk in, to our COVID protocols, to all of our restaurants being open. We're beginning to continue -- not beginning. We are taking market share on the casino side.  
Slots in the market were down over 33% during the quarter, and we were down 16%.
Table drop was down about 35% in the quarter, and we were down 25%. So we're just seeing more business. We're seeing higher end customers, not a lot, but we're seeing that we are gaining share on that front.  
In October in Las Vegas, we actually had our best month. We generated roughly $14 million of EBITDA in October. We had a little bit of cold luck in there, maybe $2 million. But overall, it was a very good month.  
Now as everyone on the call knows, Las Vegas has seasonality, and we're coming in to the slow time. So COVID cases are picking up in the U.S., obviously. And November, December, are quite slow in Las Vegas and have been heavily reliant on group.  
So our team -- well, so October will not be repeated in November and December. But it shows that when there is just a little bit of business with the way we've restructured our expense line, the amount of operating leverage that we have now revenue quickly converts into EBITDA. And our focus, as things do get a little slower during the winter, is to make sure that we stay EBITDA positive. That's what we're going to do in Las Vegas. And I would think it's hard to tell. But I think when Las Vegas probably was the most profitable integrated resort Casino on the strip or if not the most, it was definitely at the top of the list. 
So our strategy is working. We're maintaining our brand, we're maintaining our culture, and we're making a little bit of money.  
Moving to Boston. Encore Boston Harbor is really starting to hit its stride. So we generated roughly $26 million in EBITDA, significantly more than we ever have in the past during the quarter. And our team has really learned how to be a super regional operator. We focused during the shutdown on how to run Encore Boston Harbor differently than we were because clearly, what we were doing was not quite right. 
And so we've had a laser focus on the casino segment. And what it is that those customers want and how we're going to deliver it? And if you look at our results, slot handle per day, just overall volume per day was actually up over last year. It's pretty extraordinary. When you think about -- we had 1,800 slot machines opened during this third quarter compared to 3,000 last year and volume was higher on a daily basis. Win per unit was over $400 on 1,800 unit, I think, $407 compared to $219 million last year.  
So Encore Boston Harbor is really starting to understand how -- and we are starting to understand what that market is, how to market to those customers and how to monetize there? Massachusetts recently, just this week, announced that starting over the weekend, restaurants, bars, casinos, et cetera, will need to close, COVID related, starting at 9:30 at night. That's clearly a setback for us but it's very temporary. And I'm not sure it's the right thing to do from a health perspective. The government of Massachusetts has done a terrific job, throughout all of this, managing this from Governor Baker to the Massachusetts Gaming Commission. So we view it as a temporary setback, but it's really nothing that we're worried about. Because our business model is sound, and I think that we're going to continue to see increases in revenue and increases in EBITDA out of Encore Boston Harbor.  
Moving on to 1 more topic. This is a new one for us. There's been a lot going on in the gaming world concerning sports betting, and in particular, online sports betting. We've been very focused on this topic for the last couple of years but we've been admittedly quiet about it. In 2019, working with Craig Billings, who is helping me run this effort. We decided that we wanted to focus on product first. So how can we have the best product because that is who we are when it comes to sports betting, online sports betting. We scoured the earth, and we found a company in the U.K. called BetBull. And the founders and the operators of that company we had a great cultural fit. They were the founders of Bwin and Party and understand this intimately. And they built a product in the U.K. that was really very social. So the engagement that they had with their customers was quite extraordinary. And therefore, their KPIs were really, really good. 
So when you see your friend making a bet, it will pop up on your phone. Do you want to follow your friend? It's very parley heavy. It moves you into chat rooms quickly. It's fun. It's a lot of fun. And their user acquisition cost in the U.K. and their LTVs were quite attractive relative to industry standards.  
So we made an investment in that company in 2019 and began working on a U.S. rollout with them. We then moved forward, and we acquired that company. We own 70% of that company now, and they are fully integrated in. We have 150 people inside Wynn Interactive and we've begun our U.S. rollout.  
So quietly, but we'll -- we can talk about it. We have signed market access deals, in the United States, in 9 states. That represents about 25% of the total addressable market. I think a lot of the analysts on this call say that, that's roughly $20 billion to $30 billion. So we already have access to 25% of that, and we're in very active dialogue, definitive documentation, in many cases, on 7 additional states, which represents another 1/3 of that market.  
So the way that we're going, we think that we'll have more than half of the total addressable market through market access deals underway and in Wynn Interactive and in fairly short order. We have launched Wynn bet, our product in New Jersey. We're learning a lot as we have product releases every 2 weeks. And so far, and Craig will talk a little bit more about this. Our CPAs are quite good, and it's encouraging what we're seeing. 
So we will be rolling out this product in the various markets where we have access, and it's something that we have a lot of focus on. We've invested $80 million within -- into that company to focus on user acquisition and continued development over the next few months, and we've had lots and lots of interest from various people wanting to co-invest, wanting to be a part of it. And what I've been focused on, along with Craig is we're going to build an amazing product and have a real business opportunity and roll it out. And that's where we are and feel very good that while currently, Wynn interactive does roughly $20 million in revenue. That number is going to grow at an exponential rate as we move forward.  
So with that, I think I'll go ahead and open it up to Craig to talk a little bit more about the quarter.

So if you look at our business model, Carlo, we're not reliant on 50,000 people coming through our doors a day. We are in the premium business. So we feel quite good about the premium mass and premium slot segment. There is continued customer demand. Lots of people like to point out various issues. But when you think about Macau, it's position and how important it is in the greater Bay Area and the development of Macau into a global destination -- global tourist destination for the Greater Bay Area. We feel very, very good about our position, in particular, on the premium mass side, over the next couple of years. We have the right product. As far as junkets, again, lots of conversation about junkets, that business is not dead as some people like to say. We saw -- get back to 25% to 30% of its previous levels. I believe it will continue to consolidate with some of the largest operators, and we will continue to participate in it. So I don't anticipate that the junket business will be back to 2019 levels because it is consolidating and it is shrinking. But the Macau market overall is very well positioned to be one of the top tourist destinations in Asia over the next 3 years.

Sure. Ian, why don't you take that answer -- that question?

And Joe, it's Matt. We've had a lot of interest, as you can imagine, from various very large financial investors to other strategics to public markets wanting to be a part of this. And we've been really focused on making sure that we build this business correctly that we own the vast majority of it. And I'm sure, over time, there could be other funding sources, but only on our terms.

No. We actually love our partners. The founder of BetBull is in that sub equity. Norbert, one of the founders of Bwin is in that sub equity. We're delighted to have our partners.

Sure. So clearly, it will have an impact. So more than half of our revenue is generated between -- at night. So closing at 9:30 pm is going to have quite an impact. We -- what we're going to do is we're going to have a much lower operating expense. So we're likely going to see our FTE count go down by somewhere between 670 and 1,000 people during this. So we will continue -- I believe we'll continue to be able to be EBITDA positive, but it's unclear how much. We want to stay above 0 during this closure because, again, more than half of our revenue was generated at the time when we'll be closed. And so I think some of that will come when we're open, and we're going to offset it with expenses. 
Brian, our Property President from Encore Boston Harbors on. Brian, do you have anything to add to that?

Sure. So I think just to be totally fair. Our top line market share will likely might not get quite back to 2019 just because the junket business will unlikely get back to where it was in 2019. But when you look at what the EBITDA contribution was out of that segment pre COVID, I'm talking about junket business, it was between 10% and 15%. So our EBITDA and EBITDA share, I think we'll be able to get back to the pre COVID levels because we were already very premium mass and premium fly heavy, and that has been the focus of Linda Chen and Candy and our flow of marketing team, and they're doing a very good job there. And I think we're really well positioned, given that the overall crowds or customers will likely be less. I don't think will Macau be getting back to 100,000 people a day in the short term. 
So focusing on the higher end in the premium segment, which is where we are, I think will actually be an advantage in terms of our EBITDA and EBITDA share in the market.

It's Matt. From my perspective, it seems like everyone's being -- promotions are in check. People are just focused on trying to do what they can and watch the market come back. But Ian, is there anything or Linda, that you'd like to add to that?

Operator, we'll take 1 more question.

Craig, do you want to take that?

And one of the things that we've done we will finish this year, our own PCR COVID testing lab. And we've partnered with a really strong group out of New York, on top of a hospital here. It's under construction now it's not a lot of money. It's a couple of million dollars, but we will be able to facilitate thousands and thousands and thousands of saliva-based tests with -- that can be distributed throughout the property and turned around within 5 to 6 hours, PCR. We're not talking antibody or antigen test here. With sensitivity rates and the 98% specificity rates over 99%. So the gold standard in terms of testing. And what I've been talking to, are elected leaders about is this could be one of our opportunities as we get through this to get entertainment going again to get conventions going again, that we'll be able to test thousands of people in a very short period of time, so that they can be together. 
We will be creating safe zones throughout our property, not for the whole property, but any place like a theater or in a convention, where we want to get more people together than 50 or 250. So that's underway. The team is being built. It will be finished this year. And the best thing would be if we never have to use it. But I'm not sitting around hoping that, that will be a good strategy. We're going to be ready, and we'll be the first ones -- really probably the first ones in the U.S. to do something like that. 
And a lot of people are paying attention to it, and I think it's going to be a good blueprint to help get Las Vegas back.

Thanks.