Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our third quarter conference call. 
I'd like to get started talking about Macau. In the third quarter, in Macau, we generated $301 million of EBITDA. However, we had a hold impact from our direct business of approximately $22 million. We held negative 1% at Wynn Palace in our direct program and 1.2% in our direct program at Wynn Macau. The way the direct programs are structured, you pay commission on turnover, not on win loss. So when you have abnormally low hold, that revenue mix significantly impacts EBITDA, and that was a $22 million impact in Macau. 
VIP continued to compress, and we did see some customer trial out at Cotai, with some of the newer products at both City of Dreams and MGM. But I believe, and we all believe that, that is quite temporary. 
Mass continued to grow. We maintained our share in mass market and slots at 14%. And I'm pleased to say that while the VIP trends and the mass trends continued into October, we generated over $4 million a day of EBITDA during the month of October driven largely by an 8% growth in our mass drop during that month. 
Moving on to Las Vegas. We've continued to see the positive momentum that we experienced in the first quarter. We had a $13 million impact in hold in our baccarat business in Las Vegas. But if you take a look at the strategy and the way that we made the pivot to focus on taking market share in the domestic business, casino business and in slots, it is working. And Marilyn and the team are doing a great job. 
We had 9% growth in our domestic table games drop and as well as 9% growth in slot handles during the quarter. Our hotel revenues grew by 5% during the quarter, and retail is continuing to really gain traction as it was up over double digits in revenue growth during the quarter. The Las Vegas strategy is working, and we are really excited about 2020. 
Moving on to Boston, at Encore Boston Harbor. First, I'd like to congratulate Brian Gullbrants as the new property President. He's been with us for over a decade, and I know, and we all know, that he is the exact right person to lead that project. We've been open for 136 days in Boston, and we're learning each and every day how to become more local. We've been tweaking our food and beverage product to make sure we're giving the customers what they want. We've been working on our messaging, and we now have new messaging out to the market. 
We are going to, the first time in our company's history in North America, launch a loyalty card, tiered card program, and that will be launching in Boston in the first quarter. And I'm sure as all of you that are very familiar with our business, know a tier card program is essential in a regional marketing -- in a regional property. 
Our Table Games business in Boston and our hotel business have actually been quite encouraging. And we always knew the slots would take time to ramp. If you think about it when we opened our doors in our local database, we had 0 customers. Fast forward 136 days, we have 250,000 people in our database, which is significant growth. 
In order to compete in a high-frequency market where people are coming multiple times a month, a robust database is necessary because you need to message to the customers what it is you're doing each week and why they need to come into the property. We are on the path to growth there, and I think that we have the right team in place. 
So that's really the wrap on the third quarter. But what I'm excited about is 2020, and the reason is we began a transition with this company in 2018. We reallocated capital to Macau. We thought about Las Vegas differently. We focused on opening Encore Boston Harbor. And if you look at where we are today, I was in Macau 2 weeks ago, walking in Wynn Macau, our new property downtown with Ian and Ciarán, who runs the property, and Linda, looking at what's about to open in 60 days. 
We've taken everything that we know about compression of energy and space and what works in food and beverage in new hotel rooms. And we've invested in Wynn Macau to make what we think will be the best premium mass product on the Peninsula. And it will continue to gain share. We have 7,000 square feet of new retail that will be opening, 2 new restaurants, the new casino and the fully remodeled Encore Tower. All of that opens at the end of this year and in early 2020 and will position Wynn Macau as a market share taker in the very near future. 
Wynn Palace remains as the high-quality environment that is really going to continue to be the aspirational property at Cotai. So it's not just our product that I'm excited about. When I was there and we were talking not just internally, but to our peers in the market, people are quite sanguine about Macau in 2020. There's a new government that's coming and the people are very excited about in December. A lot of the infrastructure projects that have been talked about and underway for years and years and years in Hengqin Island are starting to complete. Visitation in Macau has been up double digits for the last 3 quarters. So 2020 feels like Macau is well positioned for growth and that we are well positioned to capture our share of that growth. 
If you look at Las Vegas, we actually have more products coming online in 2020 than we have since we opened Encore in 2008. We have a 430,000 square foot convention center that's opening in 90 days. This convention center is on our golf course and has a 390-foot promenade with 2-story glass walls overlooking the golf course, leading to an 83,000 square foot ballroom. That's almost 2 acres. And when we walk event planners into that space, their jaws drop and they ask, "Where do we sign?" That will be opening in 90 days. 
On top of that, we have 3 new restaurants that will be opening in 2020, creating an entirely different segment of social dining at Wynn Las Vegas. And we are very excited about where we are positioned and how we're positioned against our competitors for 2020. 
And if you think about Boston, we're at the beginning of the ramp. We're not at the end. So each quarter, we're going to be tweaking our marketing. We're going to be focusing on growing our database, working on controlling expenses and growing revenues and EBITDA each quarter. So I'm very excited about the transition that we've been through and the future of this company as we move forward into 2020. 
With that, I'm going to turn it over to Craig.

Carlo, we usually don't get into the mix between direct and our junket business. And so I'd rather not get into those specifics right now. I do think that our direct will likely have more growth potential, in particular, at Wynn Palace, going forward as we're seeing some of the smaller junket operators consolidate into the top 3. So our direct business is really on a customer-by-customer basis, with our program run by Linda Chen. And I think that as we continue to ramp that piece up, that -- I feel pretty good about where the direct business is going.

Well, I think that you've seen that commentary in the market that there feels like there's some stabilization. I think that a lot of people are very optimistic that we're at a stabilization point and that 2020 could be a period where we're starting to see some growth. Carlo, in the past, we've spoken about -- just to go back to your question -- direct versus junket, and it's ranged from 80-20 down to 90-10 between junket and direct. And it really is very quite volatile during the -- from quarter-to-quarter. But we think that both our direct business has growth opportunity in 2020, and that the junket business hopefully will continue to stabilize.

I don't want to say there's plenty of cushion. But clearly, when you open a property, you have more staff than you end up needing when you're operating in a very efficient way, and also as well as how you procure items. You just get smarter. And so I would think that the $1.4 million will definitely be -- have a downward trajectory through 2020. Craig, do you have any thoughts on that?

I think there's definitely disruption from the renovation. Again, just walking the property 2 weeks ago, it's hard to quantify because we're not seeing large drops in volumes coming in the door. But about half the building is behind construction walls, the podium level. So there's definitely some disruption. And I think we're just going to see what the impact is going to be when we open our new facility in about 60 days. What -- it's really targeted for the premium mass customer. And Joe, if you know the property well, the new gaming floor feels very similar to Encore in Macau, but it's anchored by 2 restaurants and has 2 entrances to the boardwalk that go between MGM Wynn and SJM, which is very heavily trafficked. And before, it had no entrances. So we feel really confident that the way we've repositioned this property away from smaller mid-tier junket operators and to the premium mass market is going to work.

Sure. So again, the -- our drop was up 8% in Macau on the mass side. I don't necessarily think that's share gain. I think that we're continuing to keep pace with the market at about a 14% market share between mass and slots. Ian, do you have any additional thoughts on that?

And I'm going to let Marilyn talk a little bit about the strategy in Las Vegas.

I agree. I mean for people to try to predict the travel patterns of -- 1.4 billion people in China and many billions of people in Asia, to not come to the world entertainment capital in Las Vegas, I think that's a mistake over a 10-year period. Las Vegas is going to continue to reinvent itself. We're continuing to invest, and it is a place where people like to go. And so I agree with Marilyn, it's temporary. This is not a change in customer behavior.

Sure. So we've been working on Japan quietly behind the scenes for almost a decade now. We have spent 85% to 90% of our time in the Tokyo Bay Area talking to -- over the last 10 years. So we didn't necessarily change strategy. I think we just publicly said that we would not be pursuing Osaka, which is something that was -- something we are going to announce eventually. And we believe that there will be opportunity in the Tokyo Bay Area. We are working with various consortium partners now, and we're doing things quietly and behind the scenes. I spend -- I go over there about 1 week out of every couple of months. We have people on the ground. We're building up our team. I still believe that this is going to be a longer process than a lot of people are anticipating. And we're going to make sure that if there is something that's right for Wynn that it is financially sound, that the project is something that will change the company, and we're with partners that share our same values.

And that was my point, Felicia. We are going to pursue Japan with vigor, but we will not pursue it if it does not make financial sense. So we're going to be very disciplined in terms of how any structure is put together, what the costs are going to be and what the return profile is going to be. So we like the Japanese market. We think that it will be a very high revenue market. But we're focused on making sure that it will be something that our shareholders will also like.

Sure. I'll give you my thoughts, and then Ian, I'd like for you to take it as well. The major supply growth outside of SJM's property has really already happened. I think all of us operators now are continuing to refine our projects and build out in the areas where we think there will be high-returning -- high ROIs. Galaxy is continuing to build many non-gaming amenities. And we do have the Crystal Pavilion that we will be presenting, that is an additional 700-plus hotel rooms in Phase 1 and an entertainment facility. That will unlikely really begin in earnest until 2021 and complete in 2024. So I think right now, Macau has more infrastructure and more visitors coming to the market than it will an increase in supply. Ian, do you have any thoughts?

Well, you had Golden Week, which helps October. We actually generated more than $4 million a day, a little more than $4 million a day. But on a normalized basis, it was right at $4 million a day for the month of October.

Craig, I'll let you take that one.

The strategy has been -- so many of our competitors are not investing, in my opinion, as they should in our products -- in their products. And so we have a real opportunity to continue to capture market share at the higher end of the business. So we are -- we will be completely reprogramming The Lake of Dreams with new shows. We're remodeling all of our rooms at Wynn Las Vegas. We have a new convention center. We have new restaurants. We're spending the money to create an entirely new, fun experience here while a lot of our competitors are not doing that. And so we see real opportunity in Las Vegas to capture share. The market may be growing along with the economy, but we'll be capturing share.

Sure. I'll start off with that. So if you look at where opcos are trading and where these deals are occurring, it appears to me that the way that our North American assets are valued, we're getting full value for our real estate. And in order to grow in this business, you have to continue to invest to capture more market share. I'm not quite sure right now that this opco/propco structure in the Las Vegas market where you have to heavily invest, I'm not sure 1 plus 1 equals 2 if you look at the way the Opcos are trading. So we feel very comfortable with the way that we are running our business, with owning our real estate, and we believe we're getting proper value. Craig, do you have any thoughts on that?

It appears to me that they borrowed $4.2 billion at an average rate of 8% over 30 years and guaranteed the debt. I think that's what that trade was. So that's an interesting source of capital, but an expensive one, in my opinion.

The capital investments that we're talking about are reconfiguring restaurants or building out a sports bar that could potentially become a sports book. So not large capital investments. We do have 11 acres of land across the street where many developers have been talking to us about partnerships, where we could have new hotels, retail, et cetera. So we've been thinking about that more as landlords and partners as opposed to outright developers. But first, we're going to ramp Encore Boston Harbor, and then we're going to watch the neighborhood build up.

So we like owning that land as option value. We've invested significant capital in Wynn Las Vegas over the last 2 years to position this product to take more market share. We are continuing to think about what could work on the 33, 36 acres across the street. But in order to really understand what would work, we believe that, first, we need to see how Resorts World opens, which is coming in the next 18 months, I believe, get a feel for the market, watch the Raider Stadium come in. Right now, it's expensive to build in Las Vegas. The trades have more jobs than they have manpower. So what we want to do is watch and see how the Las Vegas market expands with this new product -- projects coming on board, and then we can determine what will make the most sense to increase shareholder value on that 36 acres.

Yes, thanks for your question. So in connection with the refinancing that we most recently did, one of our stated uses of the revolver was to purchase the convention facility from Wynn Resorts and bring it down into the restricted group. There will then be a lease between the entity that holds that within the restricted group and Wynn Las Vegas. We will put that lease in place at the point at which we make purchase, which we anticipate to be very early in Q1 2020. We haven't disclosed any terms on that lease, but you should assume it would be market.

It's really hard to quantify because you're seeing visitation in Macau increase. I do think that it has impacted our premium business, that would be the fly-in traffic into Hong Kong that gets picked up in 1 of our luxury cars and driven over to Wynn Palace or Wynn Macau. But I think it's been hard for us to actually quantify that impact. Ian, do you have any thoughts on that?

Remember, that's long booking business. So that's a business that tends to book 18 months out. And so you'll really see the convention -- increased occupancy from the convention space come into its own in 2021. 
And with that, operator, that will be our last question. So thank you, everybody, for taking the time to join today, and we'll see you next quarter.