Thanks, Craig, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I'd like to start off with our results in North America, which we were all very happy with.  
Starting in Las Vegas. We made $133 million in EBITDA in Las Vegas. And what was great about the second quarter was each month was stronger than the last. In fact, June's EBITDA was double what we experienced in April.  
We saw our occupancy continue to grow week-over-week, and the strength across all segments was quite apparent from our night clubs to our hotel, our restaurants and our gaming volumes. We were able to achieve $133 million of EBITDA without international high-end play, which in the past had been almost 20% of our results and without conventions. And that trend continued into July. In fact, in July, Wynn Las Vegas experienced its single largest EBITDA for a month since we opened in 2005. We were able to get occupancy up to the mid-90s on the weekend, and it was still in the 80s during the week, but we focused on rate. We had -- we were getting over $500 ADR on the weekends. And we're continuing to make sure we have the right customers in here and achieving the right results.  
Moving on to Boston. Same thing can be said. It was a record quarter in Boston at $46 million. We saw each month stronger than the last. Our database is accelerating quite rapidly there. In fact, our new sign-ups for our Wynn Rewards program were up 70% in the second quarter compared to the first quarter, 70%. And again, same story. July, record month, our best month on record for Encore Boston Harbor.  
So when I look at our results in North America, it's interesting to say, could the second quarter be a peak? And I think that, that's very short-term thinking. The second quarter is not a peak. It's a preview of what's to come. We've all been able to streamline our expense structure, understand how to yield our properties better. And the ability to generate significant EBITDA out of these assets is quite clear.  
Now clearly, the Delta variant's throwing a little bit of a curveball right now. But that will be short term, and it will subside. And what is clear is people want to have fun. They want to go to Las Vegas. And as we see conventions come back, which is going to happen, and then more international play from around the world come back, I am very confident that we will continue to see growth in our results in both Las Vegas and in Boston.  
Looking at Macau, we made $67 million in EBITDA for the quarter. And Macau has been continuously sort of 2 steps forward, 1 step back. On our first quarter earnings call, we talked about the strength that we've just experienced during May in Golden Week, where we had achieved $3 million in EBITDA a day during that period. Then -- however, after that call, there was a small outbreak in Guangdong that was quickly stamped out within a couple of weeks, but that greatly suppressed the volumes in June.  
We did start to see a slight comeback in the middle of July to where the results were getting close to the April and May results, which really indicates that there's real pent-up demand in the region to go to Macau. Clearly, there's been another outbreak that we've all been reading about in the region. And the restrictions have stepped up quite significantly just over the last few days in terms of travel restrictions. I think the good thing that we all have now experienced is that the Macau government acts decisively and quickly. And usually, it has been able to remedy these things and in the Greater Bay Area within a matter of weeks.  
So while we don't know how long this is going to last, the experience thus far, with the decisive action, the ability to test millions of millions of people just within a matter of days in the region and in Macau does give us great hope that this will continue to pass. And what's really -- what we're really focused on is the accelerating vaccination rate in the region.  
And so while it's impossible to predict right now, we are quite hopeful that as the vaccination rate continues to accelerate and the stated goals are hopefully achieved by the end of the year, that we will begin to see a more stabilized and normalized operating environment.  
Looking at the interactive space, Wynn Interactive. We have an S-4 that's live right now out there. We're working very closely with the Austerlitz team on our SPAC, and that is moving forward quite well. And we're really excited about it.  
We put together a full robust program of new product delivery and the marketing program that we will be rolling out for NFL this year that we are excited about. The space is competitive, there's no doubt. But we are very confident with what we put together, with our product, with our brand and what we're going to be able to offer that we are going to be a real player in this market. And we're excited to share a lot more with you at an upcoming Analyst Day that Craig will talk about in a little more detail on this call.  
So with that, I'm going to go ahead and turn it over to Craig to get into some more detail.

Yes, sure. I'll comment and then turn it over to Ian. I think right now, everyone is really focused on the accelerated vaccination rate and getting to those stated goals by the end of the year. The Delta variant is very hard to predict. And the actions that they take over there are quick and decisive because they stamp it out when they lock it down. 
And so I don't -- we don't really have any other clarity as to when that will change. But I think the pace of vaccination is quite encouraging. Ian, do you have more thoughts on that? Ian, are you on mute? Or did you drop?

Yes.

Sure. Marilyn, do you want to take that?

Sure. This is Matt, and then I'll turn it over to Ian to comment as well. But there's really no new news on that front. So we have a very good relationship in Macau with the local government. We're working closely with the local government to ensure that the goals of the Greater Bay region as being a tourist destination and Macau being a really central part of that are met and what we can do to help facilitate that growth and facilitate continued expansion in Macau. 
So we feel really good about our position in Macau as a good corporate citizen and the future of Macau. Ian or Linda, do you have any other thoughts on that?

Yes. I've stated, I think, on our last couple of calls that we are very optimistic about premium mass and the liquidity profile that will be there and in core mass. And VIP is certainly structurally changed. And a lot of VIP customers are converting to more direct customers. We're seeing that already. 
So the idea that VIP would revert back to its previous levels, I think that's clearly a foregone -- that's not going to happen. But the overall market and high-end customers I think will be quite robust as, you point out, the green light comes on.

It's -- as you point out, David, it's hard to predict. But just when we witnessed what happened with Golden Week in May, how we went from not a lot of business in April to $3 million of EBITDA a day over that period, it just shows that the pent-up demand is very real. And I think everywhere around the world, the demand for what we do is stronger than it's ever been. 
So to -- clearly, VIP won't come roaring back to where it was, but I fully anticipate that what you'll see on the premium mass side and on the mass side will be stronger than it's ever been. With very limited visitation, we've seen retail revenues up more than 50% to 70% in Wynn Palace. 
And our retail partners are continuing to double down and invest, building large-scale stores in our facilities as we speak, which really goes to the idea that this is going to be quite a tourist destination when things come back. In fact, Ian, why don't you spend a little bit of time just talking about some of the new retail offerings that are going to be opening soon and how excited those brand partners are?

And so David, my point to that is, clearly, that's just a small portion of our EBITDA, but it's an indication of what people are seeing in that region that Macau is going to be, I think, a very successful and robust tourist destination for the premium mass customer as things start to clear.

And I'd like to point out in North America, clearly, attracting workers has been a challenge just for the hospitality industry. But for us, it hasn't been. We set a record EBITDA in Las Vegas in July. And we also had an additional 500 people that we brought on board to make sure that we keep our margins where we have them but then our service levels are maintained. 
And the same thing's happened at Encore Boston Harbor. So the labor market is clearly tight, but the applicant flow that we've seen coming to our properties has been extraordinary. We've had a hard time interviewing people versus finding people. And I think that's really going to be a big benefit for us going forward.

Thank you, everybody, for joining us today. We'll see you next quarter.