Thanks, Craig, and thank you all for joining our call today. As we look back at second quarter, I'd like to start with congratulating the 5,000 new team members that we have in Massachusetts for opening Encore Boston Harbor. The property opened on June 23 to much fanfare, thousands and thousands of visitors coming in and the property has not disappointed. The reviews have been terrific. People really appreciate the quality and our service levels are beginning to ramp to Wynn standards.
We've seen some really positive impact in the casino on the table games side in Boston right now. Table games are performing well. Our hotel is beginning to ramp, and we are working on various offers and promotions to really understand the highly competitive slot market in the Northeast and believe that with our property's location, with our management team and with our product that we will continue to ramp that property and take share in the Northeast. And we look forward to sharing more results as we have more days under our belt after our third quarter.
Moving on to Macau. We generated $343 million of EBITDA this quarter. Macau is currently a really core mass market-driven market right now. Our core mass was up over 22% compared to last year. That compares to core mass up 13% in the first quarter. We're continuing to see some choppiness in the premium market and in the VIP market. As an example, April EBITDA on a combined basis was down 21% over last year, yet May and June were up over 7%, and our VIP turnover in May and June were essentially flat with last year. So really, what that tells us is you can't look at 1 month as a trend. As an example, the July numbers were recently put out by the DICJ, and it was pretty clear that there was some softness in the VIP segment. We do not look at that as a trend, we look at it as a data point and fully believe in our premium market focus as we continue to take share in the core mass.
Looking at the property specifically. At Wynn Macau, we saw mass revenues grow over 10%. And that validates our strategy as we repositioned Wynn Macau last year to turn it from a largely VIP junket house by reconfiguring the West Casino, remodeling the Encore Hotel Tower, building 3 new restaurants and an additional 8,000 square feet of retail, all of which will be completed by the end of this year, positioning Wynn Macau as a market share taker on the peninsula for 2020.
Looking at Wynn Palace. Mass revenues were up approximately 6%, which was led by core mass up in double digits, offset by softness on the premium mass side. Wynn Palace continues to be the leader in quality and in luxury in the Macau market. It's clear that we need more rooms at Wynn Palace. And at our Investor Day, we laid out our program for the Crystal Pavilion, which includes 1,300 new rooms, 650 rooms in Phase 1, plus the Crystal Pavilion itself, which is a nongaming development that has a new theater concept, a collaboration with a museum that's going to have one of the largest collections of Chinese art on the planet as well as 14 new food and beverage outlets. The Crystal Pavilion, coupled with the rooms, will make Wynn Palace the must-see destination in Macau.
Moving to Wynn Las Vegas. I have to congratulate Marilyn and the team in Wynn Las Vegas for an extraordinary quarter in executing our strategy. It was the first time in over 5 years where our REVPAR increased by more than 9.5%, but what I find much more interesting was our focus on the casino, which for the last 5 to 6 years had largely been ignored. As an example, our domestic table games business was up 12% this quarter when the overall Las Vegas Strip was down 6%. Our slot revenues were up 12% this quarter when the overall Las Vegas Strip was only up 7%. Our baccarat revenues increased 5x faster than the market. Clearly, we had some high hold. But even on a drop basis, our baccarat drop was up 16% this quarter while the market was only up 11%. So it's quite an extraordinary result, which was a strategic change in focusing on the casino and driving additional visits and more play.
Another thing that I was really proud of the team is our Net Promoter Score at Wynn Las Vegas was the highest in the company's history. A Net Promoter Score is a simple question that we ask all of our hotel guests and over 40,000 people responded this year, which is similar as to years past, which is, would you recommend Wynn Las Vegas to your friends and family? This year, we outpaced the luxury hotel benchmark by over 15% and had the highest score in 2019 in our company's history. So through the cultural shift that's occurred in Las Vegas, I think that, that single fact, coupled with the numbers, says a lot about this management team and what we've been able to achieve.
You take the strong operational prowess and combine that with all of the capital improvements that we launched last year, a 400,000 square-foot convention center that's going to open in 6 months. Thomas Keller, the renowned chef, will be opening his first fine dining restaurant in Las Vegas in 2020 here at Wynn Las Vegas. Enrique Olvera, the top Mexican chef in North America, has 2 of the top 50 restaurants on the World's Best, will be opening his first restaurant in Las Vegas at Wynn Las Vegas in 2020. And we'll be also opening a new separate club called Delilah that I think will be the next evolution of nightlife in Las Vegas.
So you combine all of these new projects with what our operations team has been able to deliver, and I believe that Wynn Las Vegas will continue to be market share takers here in Las Vegas. Our vision is clear. We're going to continue to take market share in Las Vegas, we're going to own the premium market in Macau and we're going to ramp Encore Boston Harbor to be the top grossing casino in the Northeast. We're very confident in our strategy and what that's going to do is produce significant free cash flow for our company and for our investors.
With that, I'm going to turn it over to Craig to get into more of the numbers.

Sure. I'll start with that. It's Matt. So if you look at our operating expenses in the second quarter per day, they're roughly the same as the first quarter or the fourth quarter. What we had in the second quarter is we had really low hold in the direct part of our business in VIP, which that mix definitely impacted margin. And on the premium side of the business, while core mass was up significantly, with the premium mass being down, that did impact the operating leverage and it did impact the margin side. So it's really premium mass coupled with low hold in direct.

So I'll jump in then I'll have Ian answer. Clearly, in July, as you saw from that DICJ report, there is some softness in VIP. And when you have hundreds of flights canceled out of Hong Kong and some reluctance to travel, I do think that, that's impacting the premium end of the business. However, that, to me, feels very temporary and has really nothing to do with our business and everything to do with what's going on in the region. Ian, do you have any further thoughts on that?

Ian, why don't you take the first question? And then, Craig, I'll let you handle the margin question.

Yes, she's not on the line today, Felicia.

Sure. So I'll start with that. Again, clearly, Wynn Palace needs more than 1,700 hotel rooms. I think you can see from some of our competitors that have just ramped up their new, quite nice hotel product, what that has done to their bottom line. Our hotel is full and on the weekends, we're turning away customers that we do not want to be turning away. And we know that they will spend more time and more money with us if they're staying with us. That, coupled with the multigenerational travel that exist in Asia, much different than really anywhere else in the world, the Crystal Pavilion is going to attract lots of customers, but also as we see out at Cotai, families travel with customers. So we think that the Crystal Pavilion entertainment -- the Crystal Pavilion project will be attractive to a much broader audience. And we've estimated that we expect over 10 million visits to that on an annual basis. So the premium mass will be in the hotel and we think that we'll get significant incremental visitation from the core mass with the project.

Well, Shaun, we have been doing that. So for our core mass to be up 22% that's not by accident. We're running significantly more marketing events in concerts and programs. We are really looking at continuing to drive that business. And I believe we are taking a large share of the core mass relative to our unit base so with our roughly 300 games at each play. So Wynn Macau will be perfectly positioned to continue to take additional share in core mass starting in 2020 as we finish that program.
And I just like to again remind everybody, the premium business is not going away. We've all seen this over many, many years, in 2016, in 2012, when it artificially contracts for a very short period of time and people focus on core and then it expands quite rapidly. So what we're not going to do is change who we are. We are the premium operator and we will continue to be the premium operator. But during this time, we are capturing, I think, more than our fair share of the core mass growth.

Yes. That's our range that we're still focused on for the year.

It's really very market dependent, Thomas. So I believe as premium comes back, which it will, we're going to be a net beneficiary of that. Timing, when that comes back, is not -- is quite hard, but I would expect us to see growth once the premium customer begins to come back to Macau.

It certainly has been for 6 quarters. So we feel comfortable with our business model and the direction that we're going.

Sure. I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Bob DeSalvio. So we've targeted a 12-month ramp-up, Harry. And what we're doing is, we're making sure that we're not going to get into a promotional war with our competitors. We're quite nervous about Encore Boston Harbor. So we're reacting to what our slot customers are telling us. We're looking and understanding what promotions work, how points translate to comp dollars and what prizes, what gifts are working. And we are really focused on -- it's guerrilla marketing out there. And we're really focused on that. And we have the right team to do it. So Bob, do you want to jump in on that?

So the planning and permitting process does take quite a long time in Massachusetts and we're not in with any formal programs right now. We are talking to various potential partners because I think joint ventures can really work on that 11 acres for additional hotels that might be not quite the Wynn standard and other entertainment offerings because this will be an entertainment destination in the Boston Metroplex. And those 11 acres are going to be very valuable. So we're taking our time to make sure that we have the exact right program and understanding what it is that we need to drive more visitation to our casino.

We've been approached by people that would like to think about putting an arena there for various events. We've been approached by people that like to do the outdoor districts that have lots of various entertainment aspects but on a more boutique level. So we're evaluating various proposals. We're not in a rush, but we do think that, that's going to really add to the area and to the revenues of Encore Boston Harbor over the long term.

That's right. What we've determined as -- we want to make sure that our service levels are at the Wynn standard, and that's not easy. The team is doing an amazing job getting there in really a very, very quick way. But we had always said, let's give it at least 90 days before we start hitting our full database at Wynn Las Vegas, offering people offers there and directly marketing to our higher-end customer. So the idea is that would be sometime in the fall.

No. We're going to always focus on large-scale integrated resorts that can move the needle on a company of our size. So there are some large domestic markets that are talking about a third license, for example, in New York. But without really understanding how that would work, where it would be, it's hard to say how appealing that is. But we're keeping a very close eye on that as well as lots of people are spending lots of time in Japan, including us. And so anytime a market that can support a Wynn-style property would open, we would be interested. But we're agnostic between domestic and international.

No, it shouldn't. So Anil, we have 7 acres of land adjacent to Wynn Palace. And we had actually built a retail corridor that was going to connect to Phase 2 that we never opened. Currently, it's housing Art Macau if you were to go over there and look at all of the art installations that we ran for Art Macau. But that thoroughfare is closed off to the public normally, and that will be the connection into the Crystal Pavilion. So outside of construction traffic on the road, the overall property should feel very little impact on the new construction. Ian, do you have any thoughts on that?

Thank you.