Thanks, Craig, and good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us. We clearly made progress in the fourth quarter this year as all of our properties were actually EBITDA positive. It's a real testament to the team. The way we've been able to streamline our cost structure and take more of the revenue to the EBITDA line. And in fact, I think our company is in the best position it's ever been in to translate revenue into EBITDA as more of the business comes back. Because it's going to. We continue to anticipate that we're going to see growth month-over-month in each of our markets, and we are well positioned with the way that we've streamlined our business. 
If you look at Macau, we generated $39 million of EBITDA for the quarter. And Macau is continuing to see progress. The government there has been very thoughtful and very cautious as to the way that it's been allowing people into Macau. And we feel confident that, that growth is going to continue. 
One of the positives of 2020 was that we've been able to spend a lot of time thinking about the future of Macau, and really what the growth drivers are going to be going forward. And it's crystal clear that the growth drivers for Macau are really the sweet spot of our company, and that's the premium segment, premium mass, in particular. So we spent a lot of time reconfiguring our properties over the last 6 months to cater to that customer. We've turned restaurants, the buffet into a hotpot restaurant. We've taken Michelin Star restaurants and created a more premium mass environment. In fact, we've taken some of our large villas that we don't anticipate we will be using for the junket business, and we've turned them into entertainment facilities for the premium mass customer. That customer is going to lead Macau back, and we are well positioned to take a disproportionate share of that business. And we think that it's going to continue to improve month-over-month. And our team is positioned to focus on the premium mass segment. 
Moving to North America. In Las Vegas, we made roughly $21 million of EBITDA for the quarter and $14 million of that came in October. So in October, we were seeing some green shoots, I think, as most of the country was before the ramp-up of the COVID number sort of around the country. And the restrictions kicked back in. They kicked back in in Nevada and in our key markets in California, New York and other places, and we saw a real decline in business after October. As an example, in October, we were booking roughly 1,650 rooms per night for future bookings, and with a couple of weeks after that into November and December, that number fell to 700, 700 rooms per night. And that continued into January. However, we've seen just in the last 10 days, an uptick again. And it's right in line with the COVID numbers sort of around the country, decreasing. 
It's clear that people are ready to have fun. They're ready to travel, but they're still not quite sure if it's time. We've seen our rooms -- booking rooms per night go back up to almost 1,600 from 800 in November and December, just in the last 10 days. In fact, for Super Bowl, we're going to be at almost 50% occupancy, the first time since October with over 1,000 casino customers coming, which is significantly more than we had for New Year's Eve. 
So while there's still a long way to go in Las Vegas, we can tell that as people become more and more -- feeling more safe, they're ready to travel and they're ready to have fun. And we're ready to create that experience. In fact, we've built multiple restaurants in Las Vegas during this period that we haven't opened. So we're going to be opening new restaurants this year as the restrictions continue to lift. Just to remind everybody, we built a 400,000 square foot convention center that opened at the beginning of last year that we've never used. And so we have lots of new products, exciting stuff that we've been working on all throughout 2020  that we'll be able to launch as business comes back. And if you look at the convention space, there's a lot of questions about it, obviously. 
We have roughly 170,000 room nights -- convention room nights on the books for the third quarter and fourth quarter of this year, which is about the same as what we had in 2019. Now clearly, I expect some wash out of that. We haven't seen massive cancellations yet, but I'm sure that there will be cancellations. But we're doing everything we can to keep that business and to create additional business. 
As an example, we opened the first in Nevada, a private partnership with UMC vaccination destination -- vaccination center. We're vaccinating between 500 and 700 people a day in our Encore ballroom. And this month, we'll be opening our COVID testing lab, which is a PCR-based lab that will have the ability to process between 5,000 and 7,000 tests a day. That opens this month. 
And the idea is that when we talk to groups or when we're talking to the state leaders about entertainment, about nightclubs, about conventions, that will have the ability for customers to have a health passport, whereby they can say and show that they've been vaccinated or they've been tested in our lab on site, and it's been turned around within 6 hours. So you know everybody in your space, everybody in this convention area has either tested negative for covid or has been vaccinated. I think that, that's going to be a real advantage for us going forward to keep these groups on and to attract additional business as we see the restrictions, hopefully, continue to lift as vaccines roll out, and we're very hopeful that by this summer, we're really starting to see a lot more people traveling to Las Vegas. 
Looking at Massachusetts, Encore Boston Harbor. We made about $16.7 million in EBITDA for the quarter. And again, same story as Las Vegas, $11 million of that in October. As the numbers ticked up -- the COVID numbers ticked up in Massachusetts, the restrictions rightfully kicked in. And there, we actually had to close Encore Boston Harbor at 9 o'clock at night, beginning in November into January. But just recently, because their numbers have been going down, and their positivity rates are looking quite good in Massachusetts. We've been able to reopen 24/7 in Massachusetts. And today, the governor actually announced additional lifting of certain restrictions, moving occupancy percentages for restaurants and other places up from 25% to 40%. 
And there are some interesting things about the Massachusetts gaming environment that I think will provide additional short-term growth as restrictions are lifted. For example, we've never been able to open craps there. There's a big demand for craps, but that has not been allowed to date, and we're hopeful that, that will be allowed quite soon. 
On the table game side, we are capacity constrained on the weekends, in particular now that we're offering -- now that we're open 24/7. But we only have 3 seats on a table game, whereas I think almost all other jurisdictions around the company -- around the country are at 4 seats. And so we're quite hopeful that some of those things and those restrictions will continue to lift as, again, the vaccinations roll out and the numbers look good. 
The trends at Encore Boston Harbor are quite strong. We -- our margins should be quite good there. And we're very optimistic about the future of our business at Encore Boston Harbor. 
Now looking at Wynn Interactive. So Wynn Interactive, we're very excited about. And I know that everybody is talking about the online business as they should be. Just looking at the 5 states that we're legal and offering online gaming and online sports betting in November and December, if you run rate those numbers, just in those 5 states, it's roughly a $4 billion to $5 billion market just in those states. So that's quite an opportunity. And if you think about all of the other states that will likely be rolling out sports betting and maybe some online gaming, clearly, this totable addressable market is quite large. It's multiples more than it is now. And it's one that we are very focused on. 
We bought BetBull in November. We've consolidated it. We've added over 100 people to the team. Recently, we recently launched in Michigan and in Colorado. And our gaming revenues have increased more than 50% since our last call, and we're currently on a run rate of about $50 million in our Wynn Interactive business. 
And so the way we look at this is because each state will take time to roll out, that's actually a benefit for us. We have the brand. We're releasing new features on our product every week. We're beefing up our team. We have some very exciting media deals and partnership deals that we're working on. And as we build our strength and build our brand campaign and roll out in these states, we think we're going to be in a very good position by the back half of this year as the NFL season kicks off again. So Wynn Interactive is a big focus of ours, and we're seeing all the right things that we were hoping that we would see right now, in particular, with the revenues growing almost 50% over the last 3 months. 
So with that, I'm going to go ahead and turn it over to Craig to talk a little bit more about the numbers.

Ian, why don't you take that one?

Yes, sure, Jeff. No, I don't want to say that we are seeing that in January because, as Ian pointed out, there were some restrictions that were put in place, continued restrictions in China as there were some small outbreaks in COVID. But the way that it was handled and pretty much quickly put out has been extraordinary. I was on the phone on a Zoom call actually with someone in Shanghai last night, who was just talking about, it's life as usual. I mean we're back, we're going to clubs, we're going out. They are really ready to travel and go to Macau. And so there's a real sense of optimism when you're talking to people in China. 
And we are very well positioned for that customer. That is the premium segment. Yes, the premium segment did better than the core mass segment. I don't want to get into the exact numbers, but it was not down 50% as the overall mass was. But what you know about our business, Joe, is where we do not need 50,000 people a day walking through our facilities to get back to our EBITDA targets. We require significantly less people, because we cater to the higher-end customer. And those are going to be the customers, in our opinion, that are going to be traveling first. They're going to be the ones that are coming back first. And we're targeting that segment. And we think that we're going to get more market share in the premium mass segment than we have in the past.

I mean if you look at just the market -- gaming market share, we used to be around 8% to 9% of the market, say, 2018, 2019, and now we're closer to 15% of the market. And that's not by accident. I think all the measures that we've taken to make sure that this place has its restaurants open. It is fun. It feels -- it is very safe. The staff continue to be highly motivated and focused on service. We've been taking share in the domestic high end. It's a fact. We've been seeing players that we've never seen before. And we're going to continue to lean into that segment, because I actually think that we're very well positioned to take market share.

Yes. Sure. So we've been focused on the future of Macau. And clearly, we're leaning in on the premium mass segment, and on the mass segment. The VIP business is not going away, but it is definitely going to be less, whether it's 20% of 2019 or 35% of 2019 in the future, it's hard to say. But it's going to exist. It's evolving, it's consolidating. And so we're -- we'll still be a player in VIP. It will still be a large contributor to our company and to our bottom line, but we're really focused on the premium mass segment. Ian, do you have anything to add on that?

I do think that there'll be significantly less VIP players as junkets consolidate and fall out, but there will still be very large VIP players. And our focus is on that direct business, and on the very high end as opposed to having lots of junket operators and trying to drive lots of VIP customers. It's really more about -- it's really about the premium VIP segment, and that's where we've been focused.

I mean the market is quite competitive, clearly. But I think that I've been surprised at the size of the market. I think Michigan has been a really interesting test case for how quickly it's ramped and the size of both the sports and the online gaming. So yes, it's tough competition, but I think the market is larger than we anticipated. And there's going to be plenty of room for great brands and great products. And this -- we think 2021 is going to be our year to really get into this.

That's a good question. I think to ramp VIP back up, it's actually not that complicated. You can just slot junkets in. But we really think that Macau is transforming much more into a tourist destination, focused on more than just gaming. And so our focus is on the nongaming side. It's on the premium mass side. I really don't anticipate the VIP market snapping back like it did after 2016. I think it will definitely be there. It will definitely be a large market, but the growth driver is going to be on the premium mass side and the mass side.

No, that feedback is really Wynn driven, because everyone is very cautious, and no one really knows what they can do. So they look at current restrictions and rooms and they say you can't have more than 250 people, how can we hold a convention. So there's more questions than answers. And what we're trying to do is solve those questions. And so we'll have to get our state comfortable that we can exceed the current limits, and we can continue to have more people in 1 room by doing the things that we're doing. And I do think that's one of the reasons we haven't seen a lot of fallout quite yet in the back half of the year, because a lot of corporates are still waiting to see if there will be solutions for people to get back together in a large way, and we're trying to provide those. So of the 170,000 room nights we have booked, of course, there's going to be cancellations. And there's going to be wash, and it's hard to predict, but people are more sanguine now about the back half of the year than I've seen on the corporate side. And we're just trying to show the way with our cove testing lab in our vaccination center.

David, I'll answer that question the same way we do each quarter, which is we continue to heavily invest in the community. We're known as good corporate partners. We're known as one of the top employers. And what we want to do is provide real value for Macau and for the Greater Bay Area. So we understand our place there. We're good partners with everyone in Macau and in the Greater Bay Area, and we're going to continue to do that and work closely with the government, as they determine what the concession renewal process will be.