Thanks, Julie. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. Before I get into the quarter, I'd like to thank the cast, crew and producers of Awakening, our new show at Wynn Las Vegas, which successfully opened on Monday. The show is yet another example of our willingness to innovate and push the envelope to drive the strip forward. I'm incredibly proud of the team behind the show. 
I'll kick off in Las Vegas, where the team turned in a third quarter record with $196 million of EBITDA or approximately $207 million adjusted for lower-than-normal holds. We saw broad-based strength across casino, hotel, food and beverage and retail, all well above third quarter 2021 levels despite the difficult year-over-year comps. The comparison to third quarter 2019 is even more impressive with our EBITDA more than doubling on a 36% increase in revenue. Our investment in people, facilities and programming and our team's deep sense of ownership continue to elevate Wynn Las Vegas above our peers. This quarter once again highlights the benefit of that deliberate investment strategy. 
Looking ahead, encouraged that the strength we have experienced over the past several quarters has continued into the fourth quarter. In fact, our EBITDA during October was an all-time monthly record for the property. Similarly, our forward-looking indicators also remain quite strong despite well-known macro concerns as room bookings are pacing at or above pre-COVID levels on substantially higher ADRs. Near term, we expect the normal seasonal pattern to hold during the remainder of Q4, with some of the usual softness surrounding Thanksgiving, followed by a strong close to the year in the latter half of December. 
Turning to Boston, like Vegas, Encore had a strong quarter, generating $61 million of EBITDA. We saw strength across the casino with record gross gaming revenue and on the nongaming side with record hotel revenue driven by strength in both ADR and occupancy. These trends have continued into Q4, with EBITDA per day in October consistent with the third quarter levels. 
Looking ahead, we remain excited about sports betting in the Commonwealth, which is expected to kick off early next year. Our retail sports book there will soon be a significant opportunity for customer acquisition. We also continue to finalize our plans for our upcoming development project across the street from the property that will add incremental parking, food and beverage and entertainment amenities. 
In Macau, the market continues to be challenging with market-wide GGR in the third quarter only reaching approximately 8% of the third quarter of 2019 levels, and our results have reflected that. Our team has done a fantastic job controlling costs in a very challenging operating environment through a combination of decreases in payroll and fixed OpEx. As a result, despite the nearly 2-week closure of casinos in the market in July, our overall EBITDA loss in the third quarter was $66 million, which was a meaningful improvement from a loss of $90 million in the second quarter even after adjusting for a $7 million bad debt credit that benefited the results in the third quarter. 
More recently, we did see some encouraging pockets of demand during the October holiday period, particularly in our direct VIP business, where turnover was actually slightly above the comparable 2019 holiday period. And in our retail business, where tenant sales reached 74% of 2019 levels. This once again highlights the strong demand for Macau's unique tourism offering during periods when the market is accessible. 
The authorities in Macau continued to advance the concession process according to the preestablished time line. We were pleased to submit our concession tender application in September, and the government is currently reviewing the proposals with decisions expected to be made by year-end. Long term, we remain excited about the prospects from Macau with so much pent-up demand for travel and tourism in Asia. 
At Wynn Interactive, our overall EBITDA burn rate declined to $18 million in Q3 from $21 million in the second quarter of 2022, on the back of strong cost controls and improved marketing efficiency. We are looking forward to the potential for a significant catalyst for Wynn in Massachusetts. 
Lastly, we're advancing quickly on our planning for Wynn Marjan, our integrated resort in the UAE. We're in the late stages of programming for the resort. Given the pristine beach setting and the somewhat malleable nature of the man-made island, we have an incredible canvas with which to work and design something truly unique. I expect we will share renderings, programming and plans more publicly in early 2023. I also expect we will be driving piles for the foundation of the property by the middle of next year. We look forward to sharing more details with you about this exciting project in due course. 
With that, I'll turn it back to Julie to run through some additional details on the quarter.

Carlo, sure, I'll start, and then I'll ask Ian to comment. I think on the latter portion of your question, with Hong Kong being accessible, I think you've seen pretty reasonable retail sales in Macau, given it's more accessible than Hong Kong. And I think that's just a natural outcome of accessibility. 
With respect to your -- the former part of your question, I mean, the -- it's like squeezing air in a balloon, right? The demand has to go somewhere. And so we weren't surprised to see an uptick in direct VIP growth in light of the market having no junkets. So I don't think either one of them were surprising to us. We've seen it before, we've -- over the course of the past year, when there have been pockets of demand. 
Ian, would you add anything to that?

Sorry. Anything's possible, Carlo, but the preestablished time line has been year-end.

Yes, sure. I think I mentioned on a previous call that the more time we spend over there, and I was just over there recently, the more we believe in the nongaming elements of that market. It's a tremendous nongaming leisure and luxury market. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're in the pretty late stages now of programming. So essentially determining what we're going to build, not how it's going to look, per se. And given that it's a man-made island without any existing development, it's an incredibly flexible location on which to plan. If -- for example, if you want to move a beach, you move a beach. So it's a really exciting project and we've sought to maximize the relationship of the facility to its surroundings, particularly in the nongaming amenities like food and beverage wellness and really take advantage of such a unique location. 
Meanwhile, the casino component, where at least for some period of time, we will be operating on our own, which makes it quite exciting, is shaping up to be somewhat larger than Wynn Las Vegas, but with numerous pockets of energy and compression. And so striking that balance is important. When you think about a market like that where you're -- where you, for some period of time, will be the only operator, you certainly don't want to underbuild the casino, but you want to maintain that sense of energy. So I think the property is going to be a stunner, and we look forward to sharing more in early 2023.

Sure. Look, I think this -- Las Vegas has done programming for years, in some form or fashion. And I think as we emerged from COVID, we were, in many cases, a better location in terms of accessibility, openness, masks, et cetera, et cetera, than some of our adjacent markets, particularly California. I think the trend towards programming and the willingness of a higher-value customer to pop over to Las Vegas for a particular event increased meaningfully. 
And so what I think -- and by the way, at the same time, you obviously had a number of sports teams that had emerged in Las Vegas. Most notably, the Raiders, who drive a tremendous amount of visitation. And so I think in general, the town has become quite good at really looking at every weekend -- or every 2 weeks is an opportunity to program something. 
The journey for us, I think, is slightly different, right? We don't think of programming as purely transactional. Who are we going to plug into a particular theater on a particular day? For us, it's more holistic. How can we leverage all of the assets that we have in this building? Including the golf course, which we've used to great success with the match, with the recent Concours d'Elegance car show that we drummed up and originated here. And so how do we use the property as a stage? We think about that all the time now. And so I don't have a heuristic for you where I can quote to you x number of events per year because, really, we're focused on it every single week. 
But it -- certainly, it endures more than just revenue to the property, right? It endures -- it makes you the "see and be seen" spot. And that's important because marketing is no longer about billboards and about television commercials. It's about content. And so we've been incredibly good at creating content. And it doesn't hurt that during the pandemic, we continue to invest in this property and invest in our people. And so we're firing on every single cylinder here, and I think it shows in the numbers, and programming is a piece of it.

Well, I guess what I can say is kudos to him because he's done quite well. Since he appears to have started acquiring in the second quarter when the stock was excessively cheap. It's actually right around when we were buying back some stock as well that we reported in our second quarter Q. Based on what we've seen, watching our share register as we do constantly, sometime in Q2 began seeing accumulations really by certain banks that have traditionally been associated with derivative transactions, like total return swaps, things like that. And we watch those banks establish positions in our stock, and we were well aware of them. All in all, I think it's just a great recognition of the value in our equity, but there's not much more to say beyond that.

Yes, sure. I'll turn that one over to Brian.

And I would just add to that. As you know, Shaun, we don't target margin in any particular quarter, right? We target prudent management of our resources in order to deliver an experience that is consistent with the brand. We learned a lot during COVID, a lot. We are more nimble than we have ever been with respect to OpEx. And so we're running the business with less people. We're delivering on the brand promise as well as or better than we have historically, and that's how we manage the business.

Ian, you want to take that?

Sure. So look, in the long term, we think about this business -- as I've said on prior calls, we think about it really over the longer term. And in particular, iCasino, where we've had pretty reasonable success and our brand has real currency. 
As we've said before, what we aren't -- and I think we were the first to say so. What we aren't willing to do is burn billions of dollars between now and then, and we've done that. If you look at our results for Q3 year-over-year, we had almost the same total handle in both Q3 2022 and Q3 2021 on a 90% reduction in marketing spend and an 80% reduction in burn because our initial customer cohorts continue to play with us, generating revenue, and we're being very thoughtful with respect to user acquisition and promos. 
With Massachusetts coming up, I would expect a modest uptick in [ UA ], but nothing earth-shattering because we have a sizable database there. And we're highly likely to have retail sports betting without mobile for a while. So the goals at this point are to launch Massachusetts, and as you said, achieve breakeven and then grow as the market does, particularly in iGaming, where again, our brand has currency, and we can ultimately drive the best digital customers to Wynn Las Vegas and Encore Boston Harbor. So we're not calling the EBITDA breakeven point yet. But I mean if you look at our numbers, we're getting pretty close.

Look, we're focused -- the type of design and development that we do, you can't spread yourself too thin. So we're very focused right now on the UAE and getting that right. It's a tremendous, very high return opportunity for us, we expect, and so that's really design of our -- that's really the focus of our design and development efforts at the moment.

We don't -- again, we don't really talk about forward guidance, so I can't translate it into basis points. What I would say in general is that you're right, the group and convention business during the earlier portion of this year was a little bit thinner or certainly concentrated in very specific pockets. And over the course of really the past 1 month, 1.5 months or so, we've seen the business come back more fully. So that certainly is an occupancy tailwind, but quantifying it at this point, we're not -- we don't do that.

Well, the recurring dividend is really the cornerstone of our strategy, and it always has been and certainly was pre-COVID. Our U.S. business is generating very, very healthy cash flow. And our high ROIC development projects, UAE, the development we're doing adjacent to Boston, the press has reported that we're interested in New York, those are well funded given particularly the cash infusion that you just referenced. The resumption of that recurring dividend really hinges on the recovery of Macau. So I think it's a little too early to be talking about significant changes in capital allocation policy, pending the return of Macau, which hopefully is over the next several quarters. So stay tuned.

Yes. I mean we -- sure, Robin. So we are all about gateway cities, marquee developments, battleship assets. And so yes, we're always interested in locations like New York. The devil's in the details, of course, when it comes down to what the upfront license payment ends up being, what the tax rate ends up being, what the detailed regulations end up being. But yes, of course, we're interested in New York as has been reported in the press.

I think it's been reported that we are working with -- related to Hudson Yards.

It's really dependent on the process. The RFP has yet to drop.

Well, look -- I'll take this one, Julie. So first, you have to think back to our experience during COVID and kind of work forward. So as we emerged from COVID, we were forced actually to become much more disciplined in terms of how we looked at costs. Now we have always delivered the best guest experience in the business. And the challenge that we had was making sure that we continue to do that, but frankly, on a lower FTE count. And we've carried that on. So we're down FTEs relative to '19, even in this quarter and even in last quarter, when we printed nearly $240 million in EBITDA. So when you look at our OpEx per day now, a lot of it is variable and directly related to revenue. 
To your point on inflation, inflation works 2 ways in our business, right? The price of a hotel room can be adjusted every minute of every day. And that's one of the benefits of a business like ours, and so we feel good about our ability to manage labor costs. Now we have a portion of our business that's union, and that's true of everybody -- all the major players other than one, up and down the strip, and so that's an important consideration. But we're not staying up at night, stewing about the cost of labor or OpEx. 
And in fact, a vast majority or a large number of positions in our building are tipped. And folks that are tipped, where else do they want to work? They want to be here. 
So we feel great about our margins. Again, we don't manage quarter-to-quarter to a particular margin. We manage our FTEs with discipline, and we try to maximize the revenue and maximize the -- our delivery on the brand promise.

Brian, do you want to take that?

We've been more than able to fade any minor fallout that we've seen from tech, mortgage, et cetera, et cetera.