Thanks, Marc. Hello, everybody. I want to echo Marc's comments on Bernard. He was an incredible CEO, a great community leader and, as Marc said, a close friend of many of us at Salesforce, so we're all going to miss him, and our hearts certainly go out to his family. 
Now as you just heard from Marc, we had another great quarter and really an amazing Dreamforce last month, and it was really just a few short weeks ago. You saw that we continue to innovate, harnessing the power of cloud and social and mobile and AI and voice and other amazing technologies to fuel customer growth and success. 
During the quarter and at Dreamforce, Marc and I met with hundreds of CEOs, and they clearly understand that the speed of innovation is increasing and that digital transformation is absolutely an imperative. All companies want to become more customer-centric. They want to deliver experiences that exceed expectations, and that's why more and more companies across every industry and geography are making major sustained in Salesforce. But they're turning to Salesforce for more than just our technology. They're also coming to us as their trusted adviser. And together, we are absolutely reorienting their businesses around the customer. We're working with them on all 3 pillars of digital transformation: technology, business model and culture. And we're helping them break down silos, liberate their data and remove legacy obstacles. These 3 pillars are absolutely essential to achieving a 360-degree view of each customer, every customer, and that is the holy grail of digital transformation. 
As you saw this quarter, we continue to build and expand relationships with leading brands across industries and geographies. We expanded with Nationwide. Now historically, most touchpoints with Nationwide customers and wealth managers happen on the phone. Now they're expanding with Salesforce to take advantage of the digital channels to provide a more consistent, personalized experience for customers. CarMax, the largest dealer of preowned vehicles in the United States expanded with us in the quarter as well. With Salesforce, reps will have a 360-degree view of the customer, whether they're shopping online or in dealerships, and they ensure a seamless buying experience. 
Xcel Energy. Now Xcel powers millions of homes and businesses across the United States. They expanded their use of Salesforce to deliver a unified experience for customers across all channels. 
And then there's Corteva, a global agriculture company focused on seed and crop production. They also expanded with us in the quarter to continue to modernize its business and better serve the farming community. As we discussed during our Analyst Day at Dreamforce, the international expansion is one of our key growth levers, and we continue to make investments across the world and see great results. In Q3, we grew 33% in the Americas, 28% in APAC and 42% in EMEA, all in constant currency. And that, of course, is with our recent acquisition of Tableau benefiting year-over-year growth in the Americas and EMEA. 
In EMEA, we expanded with ENGIE, a global provider of low-carbon energy and services headquartered in France, to deliver a 360-degree view of customers' energy consumption so they can provide a personalized set of recommendations and define new solutions to reduce carbon footprints. 
Siemens, one of the world's great brands, one of the largest industrial manufacturing companies in Europe, also expanded with Salesforce in the quarter, and we've been a strategic partner to Siemens as the 170-year-old company addresses the digital revolution transformation in its industry. We also expanded with British Airways and food services company, Sodexo. And in APAC, there was ANZ Bank, Bunnings and Super Retail Group. They also chose Salesforce in the quarter, and we have wins with Life Solutions Company, Panasonic Corporation and E.ON in Japan. 
And finally, in Latin America, we had a win with SURA in Colombia, the leading insurance company. 
Speaking the language of our customers, that continues to propel our industry momentum and our success and our customer success. In the quarter, we introduced 2 new industry clouds, very proud of that innovation, Manufacturing Cloud and the Consumer Goods Cloud. We also rolled out new insurance capabilities for our Financial Services Cloud, one of our most successful clouds. We also had a number of strategic wins around the industries in Q3. Ameriprise Financial, which manages more than $875 billion worth of assets. They expanded with FSC, Financial Services Cloud. We also formed a new relationship with Farm Credit Services of America, which also chose Financial Services Cloud. In health care, Children's Health, one of the largest pediatric providers in the nation, chose Salesforce including Health Cloud to help them reach more patients and provide even better care experiences. 
We continue to see significant opportunity in the public sector. In fact, 2 of our largest customers are U.S. government agencies. In the quarter, we expanded our relationship with the United States Department of Veterans Affairs, enabling the agency to provide the highest level of service to 20 million veterans for a variety of programs. And this isn't just a business opportunity. It's a moral obligation to better serve those who have served us. At Dreamforce, we heard incredible and powerful and inspirational stories from our veterans, and these are people who are transitioning from serving their nation to new careers in the Salesforce ecosystem. I truly believe that all of us should be focusing on hiring veterans. 
We also expanded our relationship with the state of Colorado, which is implementing MuleSoft to integrate 7 health and human services agencies to give country -- excuse me, county workers a single view into key aspects of all these agencies to better engage and serve citizens. 
Our partners, they continue to help drive our growth as well. We have 20% more partner-certified individuals year-over-year. Our ISV and consulting partners have contributed more than 5,000 listings to the AppExchange, and that is with a 20% increase year-over-year in customer installs. 
Turning to integration. MuleSoft has been an incredibly successful acquisition, allowing our customers to unlock and unify data across their enterprises. It's strategic to every conversation we've been having and adoption continues to accelerate. I see a very similar opportunity with Tableau. I spent some time with Adam, who is excellent, and his management team is excellent and their entire team at the Tableau Conference in Dreamforce last month, and I will tell you, I could see the tremendous impact Tableau is having on customers like Nissan and Morgan Stanley and Home Depot and many, many others. We are just beginning this integration process, but we have clear synergies from a distribution, product development and cultural standpoint, and our customers are very, very excited and so are we. 
So in closing, I want to thank our customers, our partners, our employees for their trust and continued support. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.

So Marc, why don't you take the first part of that?

Yes. Thanks, Marc. So -- and Kash, thanks for the question. I mean a couple of things. Just some commentary on Marc's comment. And of course, I'll try to address the other question. So look, in my entire career, the industry has been yearning for the 360-degree view of the customer. And as time has gone on, companies have recognized the importance of this and the power of it. A few weeks back, I was with the CEO of one of the largest insurance companies in the world, and we were having a conversation about how, over time, that company has grown up in silos. And Bret alluded to this earlier. There are organizational silos, process silos, business model silos, data silos. And those companies grew up with a product out to the market view of the world instead of a customer in view of the world. And so every company has to go through that huge digital transformation. 
And to be able to make that journey work, they have to embrace the platform, the notion, the promise of the 360-degree view of the customer. I mean that is an imperative. So people have been talking about this. It hasn't become a reality. That's why we're excited about it because for the very first time in this industry, a company, that's us at Salesforce, has been able to provide a technology to give the customers what they've been looking for, for so long. So it's very, very exciting. And when you think about how these companies grow up with data all over the place and all the inconsistencies and no single source of the truth, they just want truth, like we all want the truth. Our customers expect the truth. Their customers expect the truth. So it is a very, very powerful thing that we're able to provide them with. 
As it relates to Tableau, we're super excited about Tableau being part of the Salesforce family. And again, if you think about the evolution of where the technology is going, we -- you think about the systems of record, well, the systems of record are nothing without data. And the systems of engagement are nothing without data. And the systems of intelligence are nothing without data, and the power of visualization with analytics and intelligence is an incredibly unique opportunity. And we've run a playbook in all of our acquisitions, which have been very, very successful. Certainly, MuleSoft has been the most successful that we've run so far, where customers are looking for that holistic view. They're looking for a solution. They're not looking for piece parts. And if you can bring together the best-of-breed solutions in an integrated way, that is what customers want. 
So the playbook that we ran with Mule, we will run the exact same playbook. I would echo both Marc and Bret's comments earlier, the enthusiasm for Tableau alone was great. I mean it was a great company. It's a great company, great management team, great community. But when you combine that with all of the promise of the 360-degree view of the customer and being able to serve that up in an intelligent way, in a visualized way so we can process it and digest it, it's just a very compelling offering. And that's why the combination of Salesforce and Tableau, we think, will be very, very successful.