All right. Well, thank you very much, Evan, and thank you, everybody, for being on the call today. It's great to be here and I hope everyone's families are safe and healthy. Through the magic of PCR testing made possible by Visby Medical here in the Bay Area, through masks, safe distancing and being outside and some gorgeous San Francisco day, I am here together sitting at the table with Amy Weaver, our Chief Financial Officer; and Bret Taylor, our Chief Operating Officer; Gavin Patterson, our Chief Revenue Officer; Evan, and Mark Hawkins, our CFO Emeritus. So it's great to be here with everybody.  
And we haven't really done an outside conference call before, but welcome to the new pandemic world that we are in and we're going to make this work. So this is a reminder. We are definitely in a new place, and we can see the beginning of return to our offices. In fact, I was in Salesforce Tower yesterday and held our global all-hands call. We can see a return to restaurants to maybe even the sports arenas and to concerts one day, who knows? We're getting closer with all of the advancements in technology.  
But the reality is that even with the vaccines, we're not really back to the way it was, and I was the only one in the Ohana Floor at Salesforce Tower. And we can all, I think, agree that this pandemic has forever changed our world and how we are working and living and educating ourselves from anywhere.
Our Salesforce futurist, Peter Schwartz, who many of you know, probably said it recently to me best when he said, "We're just in a new pandemic world." And as this is going to evolve and shift, we don't know exactly but we're going to kind of make it work. And that's the idea of being outside here during our earnings call. It's an all-digital, it's work-from-anywhere world where every company and every earnings call. We have to be able to work, sell, service, market, collaborate and analyze our data from anywhere.  
And Salesforce was somehow already built for this world before it existed. That's why over the last year, Salesforce has become, I think, significantly more strategic and more relevant to our customers than probably any time before. And today, 22 years after founding of Salesforce, we can see it right here that more and more companies around the globe are turning to Salesforce to deliver success from anywhere. And that's why even in the midst of the global pandemic, we had such an incredible year and an incredible quarter, and you can see it in these incredible numbers. And that by delivering success from anywhere, our revenue rose to more than $5.8 billion, up 20% year-over-year, truly amazing for a company of our size.  
And for the full fiscal year '21, revenue was $21.25 billion, which was up 24% year-over-year. Based on this strong fiscal year '21 results, we're raising our fiscal year '22 guidance to $25.75 billion, which is now at the high end of our range, representing 21% projected growth year-over-year. There's never been a software company over $20 billion in revenue that is growing as fast as we are. And as we shared at our Investor Day last year, our long-term revenue target for the fiscal year '26 is now $50 billion or basically, we're going to double the company from where we are right now. That is doubling revenue in 5 years, and we'll reach that milestone faster than any other enterprise software company. That would make Salesforce the second largest independent software company in the world, amazing.  
This is all really a testament to our employees and our customers and the technology, and really, this amazing ecosystem of all of this together and the millions of trailblazers who are working from anywhere and pioneering success from anywhere. I'm often asked, how is it that we're able to succeed in such a difficult time? And I'll tell you, Salesforce is accelerating at such a rapid speed because we are already in this work-from-anywhere world. We're achieving success from anywhere. For us, success starts with our core values. 
And for those of you who followed our company for a long time, when these things happen, when the world changes, we always pivot hard back to our core values. And trust is our #1 value. There's never been a more important time when trust in government and other institutions, well, we can see it's been eroding, and customers are seeking direct customer digital relationships. 
And I think that as the world has evolved, especially in last year, the acceleration of these direct B2B and B2C digital relationships for our customers, it's more important than ever before because we're in a world of all of this mistrust. So that is why this Customer 360 platform is more important than ever and that's why it's so important.  
And customer success, well, we're helping our customers navigate the pandemic and achieve success from anywhere, you can see that. I'm going to talk to you in a second about some tremendous innovations with our Vaccine Cloud and our contact tracing capability and innovation. Well, you can see it. We're innovating, well, faster than ever before, developing these amazing new products. And all these incredible new technologies and a quality we're helping and executing philanthropy and working together across all of these communities, especially our schools, hospitals, small businesses and the most vulnerable populations get through what have been some of these incredibly difficult times.  
Our values have guided us as we've pivoted to this new pandemic world. And like every year, we came into it with a business plan. But early on, about a year ago, in fact, we knew that business plan was not going to hold together. We devised a whole new business operating model for how we run Salesforce and how we would succeed from anywhere. We called that our pandemic operating model. We sharpened our relevance, increased our levels of participation, enabled our employees, created new types of sales plays. 
And I shared our model with many CEOs that I've talked to over the last several months and now they're applying it to their own organizations and getting incredible new levels of performance out of it as well. As we dialed into the model, we immediately saw our team's level of relevance, participation and enable skyrocket. For example, from Q2 to Q4, our own enterprise sales teams, even though they were at home, used our Sales Cloud to engage in more than 6 million conversations with customers, asking how we can be the most relevant and useful them in a time of crisis. I don't think we would have survived as a business without our Sales Cloud. It was critical to build those business-to-business relationships that are the essence of Salesforce but that we had to do digitally. And Sales Cloud enabled us to sell from anywhere. And throughout the year, we helped other great companies that you've heard about like AT&T or Insperity or Align or 3M or so many others to do the same.  
And we all -- of course, we all love getting on the airplanes and flying somewhere and being in person with the customer but it just hasn't been possible. Now if you look at the magic of our Marketing Cloud, well, we were able to create new digital experiences like Dreamforce, and I hope all of you had the opportunity to experience Dreamforce. But we have the ability to use our Marketing Cloud to have those direct digital relationships at scale. And instead of having 170,000 people take over San Francisco, we had more than 140 million views of just Dreamforce. That's amazing.  
We also created hundreds of other leadership events throughout the year for customers, employees, partners, communities, and that generated another 300 million -- 350 million views. In the year, customers like Zoom, like Carrefour, Humana and so many others also chose the Marketing Cloud to fuel their digital business growth as well.  
And with Service Cloud, while we managed our own case load as our business continued to accelerate through the year, as we moved our call centers and contact centers into our employees' homes with 4.8 billion interactions using our Service Cloud in the last quarter. Customers, in the year, like Gap and Sonos and even Uber Eats, who use Service Cloud to power success from their customers from anywhere.  
Now as a customer, Slack, I can tell you, we're using Service Cloud with Slack to improve performance. We've seen a 26% improvement in case times and close rates and 19% improvement in same-day resolution. That's an example where our acquisition of Slack has made so much sense. We've seen the combination of products like Service Cloud and Slack together just make it so much better for us as a company or for our customers, and we're looking forward to doing so much more of that. Slack can be the central nervous system for any company, connecting its people and data across systems, apps and devices from anywhere. It's really an enabler of success from anywhere. And once our merger is approved, we're going to build Slack into more of these products that we have used today and conceptualize and make our customers even more productive. We're going to create the most open and interoperable ecosystem of apps and workflow and enterprise software.  
By achieving success from anywhere at Salesforce, we're delivering success from anywhere to our customers. In many ways, we're becoming the success from anywhere company. Whether it's B2B or B2C, our customers need to accelerate their efforts to go all digital, to build direct customer relationships with their customers. And for so many companies, it's a matter of their survival. With the flexibility, scale and time to value of Customer 360, our customers are able to quickly adapt to this new world. And on any given day, our customers are generating 3 million Commerce Cloud transactions. Well, that's up 100% from a year ago. That's not a surprise to anybody. We all know, we're shopping from anywhere and creating 4 million sales opportunities working from anywhere, their home, a coffee shop, the mountaintop or delivering an average of 2.9 billion marketing messages from anywhere across any digital channel, logging nearly 5 billion case interactions servicing from anywhere.  
Now Salesforce Einstein, which is our core artificial intelligence capability, really built in the heart of Customer 360. Well, that's now delivering more than 93 billion, 93 billion AI-powered predictions every single day, 93 billion AI-powered predictions every single day across our entire Customer 360, amazing. Customer 360 makes all of our customer interactions smarter than ever before and it's a great example why Salesforce has been ranked by IDC as the #1 CRM for the seventh year in a row.  
It's just the fourth quarter so companies are turning to Salesforce to build trusted relationships with their customers and deliver success from anywhere. Companies like I mentioned, like Align or Telstra or Dixons or Marriott or RBC or Cigna or Sports United, across so many industries, across so many geographies, companies, large companies or small and medium companies, even brands like IQVIA and Deluxe, well, they turned to MuleSoft, which is critical to every digital transformation, to connect to all of their legacy systems and connect that data from anywhere. 
And of course, right now, delivering success from anywhere also is managing the pandemic from anywhere. By developing technology like Contact Tracing, Work.com, well, you see in Salesforce.com is at the forefront of helping organizations and governments speed back the pandemic or in the case of the state of Victoria in Australia, well, basically eradicate it. And with Vaccine Cloud, we're helping cities like New York or states like where I am right now, in California, or other entire countries, scale of vaccine operations and get vaccine shots in arms. And I have to tell you, I've just never seen a logistics, and information technology challenge like this before. And our technology is working incredibly well. And you've seen some other implementations of technology in this area. Well, did not work well for these vaccines. So now we can see that more than 50 federal, state, local and private health organizations are using Salesforce to manage this incredible response to pandemic. Cities like Austin and Chicago, New York City, California, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, I mean, it really goes on and on. 
More than 245 million people, in fact, have used COVID-19 data through our Tableau dashboards, and thousands of organizations are relying on Tableau's COVID-19 data hub, such as Verizon and UNC or UNICEF or experience, and you can check that out at public.tableau.com or just go to tableau.com and you'll see a whole tab just on their response to COVID-19. That's been incredible with what our team at Tableau has done. 
The pandemic has shifted us all into this work from anywhere world but it's just the beginning of a whole new era. And that's why we're so excited about what we have done and how we have transformed our own organization and our technology with Hyperforce. Look, we've built an incredible new platform. You heard about it at Dreamforce for the first time. This Hyperforce platform, well, this is a fundamental new architecture for us. It lets us run on any hyperscaler. Hyperforce allows us to run anywhere. And that allows our customers to choose where they want to manage their data. 
That's allowed us to open incredible new data centers in India and Germany, and we're planning to support another 10 new additional countries this year and all built on this incredible new architecture. And it's 100% compatible with all our previous implementations. It's another example of how well we're going to be able to help our customers achieve success from anywhere. 
Now finally, when we are successful, we have responsibility to others. It means we can be living examples of stakeholder capitalism in action. And it's why during the pandemic, we've accelerated our efforts to serve all stakeholders, including our communities and the planet. We supported frontline workers in 300 hospitals around the world by delivering over 50 million pieces of PPE. We've provided millions of dollars and grants to schools to help with remote learning, to local small businesses to stay afloat, and to organizations focused on racial justice as that turned into a crisis here in our United States. 
And we've partnered with Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance, on equitable distribution of vaccines across 190 countries. I'm incredibly proud of our efforts to fight climate change and protect our planet. In fact, we are a net 0 operations company today, and we've also reduced our carbon emissions by 40% in the last year. With our Sustainability Cloud, companies across the globe are tracking and reducing their carbon emissions and keeping track of their critical ESGs. We're supporting the global movement to conserve, to restore and grow 1 trillion trees as the founders of the World Economic Forum, 1t.org initiative, and I'm very grateful for everyone who has done so much to help this critical part of climate change with sequestration. 
All of which shows why when we truly serve all stakeholders, business is the greatest platform for change. Well, that's where Salesforce is today and where we're going. It's a new business operating model, work from anywhere, direct trusted customer relationships. You can see this incredible product line, all built on this Hyperforce architecture, serving all stakeholders is how Salesforce is achieving success from anywhere, and it's how we're enabling our customers to achieve success from anywhere. I'm incredibly proud and grateful for what we've been able to accomplish in fiscal year '21. 
And I'm very proud of us even though we're freezing out here in San Francisco but we're outside and doing it safely. We've all been PCR tested. It's all totally fine. And now I'm turning it over to our new Chief Financial Officer, Amy Weaver. Amy?

Well, I'm going to let Bret Taylor take this over. But before he does, I just want to say that I'm so excited with how Einstein has been received by our customers and also how we have deeply integrated it into all of our clouds. It's definitely a critical-enabling technology that has made everybody just a lot more productive. And I've been surprised, while other companies have divested some aspects of artificial intelligence, we continue to see Einstein become the critical enabling capability and differentiation that we can offer key clouds, especially what we've seen with commerce. So I hope that Bret can further illuminate that.

Well, I'm going to let Gavin take this but I'm going to take it at the high-order bit on. I've been surprised how many sales calls we've been able to make this year. And if I could rewind history over the last 22 years, I would have enforced a much more significant digital discipline for our sales organization. I think that when we look back at all of the time and energy we spent physically getting on airplanes, going -- getting in cars, going to people's offices, having a breakfast or a lunch or a dinner, waiting to try to get up and make a C-level sales call, when you look today at the level of access that you have in organizations to conduct B2B sales, I mean, it's all -- the capability, when you're digitally enabled, you can go anywhere just much, much faster. 
And that's a key reason why with Dreamforce, not only did we have a very successful Dreamforce from our park. And you probably saw the video with Bret and I. But also we then told each of our sales executives all over the world that they were going to have to do that. Same presentation but highly customized with highly customized demonstrations for each and every one of our customers, which we then did. 
And customers warmly received that with large groups of their employees. So it's really an example of you can do a lot more to build pipeline, have direct access and deliver highly customized selling at a level of velocity that I don't think previously was possible. Gavin, do you want to comment on that as well?

Well, I'm going to have Bret and also Gavin come in here and talk about this because they've really had the opportunity to work on so many transactions together. But I think one of the major transformations that's happened this year, and I think you can really see it and it appears into the numbers is when we actually sell to our customers, we're selling our Customer 360 platform. 
And we have Sales Cloud. You're right. We have Service Cloud. We have Marketing Cloud. We have Commerce Cloud. We have this amazing Tableau. It's incredible, multibillion-dollar analytics cloud. And we have this amazing MuleSoft integration cloud, billion-dollar integration cloud and a reskilling platform and our services business and our partnerships and the full ecosystem of solutions. 
But when customers are coming and working with us, and if I'm working with a CEO, a fellow CEO, of maybe one of these very large companies, they're not as interested in some discrete cloud. I'm sure you could probably appreciate that they are really interested in deploying our platform. And we have a lot of different words to describe these different parts of our code. But the reality is that they really just want us to make them successful. 
And when we look at some of the very large implementations that we've done this year, we're quick to say, "Well, we fully implemented all of these AT&T retail stores with our Sales Cloud," but the reality is that when you talk to Jeff McElfresh, who we featured at Dreamforce, who's the CEO of AT&T Wireless, mostly, he just wants to know that he's more productive, more competitive, more innovative and that he is able to have better customer relationships and that all of his employees are aligned. 
And that's what we're really starting to sell. And I think that, that's a powerful transformation of our company. And I think it really started when we had the successful acquisition of Tableau. It started to get customers to be able to look at us just much more strategically. It wasn't that we onboarded this incredibly successful analytics business with what we did. But it was really that we, all of a sudden, have a truly strategic solution for customers that's quite broad and that gives them a platform for success. 
And then when you look at the pandemic, it's transformed to the platform for success from anywhere. So yes, we're going to let them sell from anywhere or service from anywhere or market from anywhere, but we're going to let them be successful from anywhere and that is really our platform. We used to call it, if you remember, the Customer Success platform. So now we really should just be calling it the Success from Anywhere platform. 
Anyway, I'm going to have Bret and Gavin chime in here because I think that you're touching on probably one of the most powerful transformational moments for Salesforce. And it's also, honestly, it's one of the main reasons that we've entered into an agreement to acquire Slack because it's an enablement of success from anywhere. Okay. Bret?

They are an incredible company.

You have to mention, by the way, that one of the cool things about Align is that it's more important than ever because everybody wants to make sure their teeth look good on their Zoom calls. So they like have a huge upsurge because everyone's like, "Whoa, everyone's looking at my teeth." Anyway, go ahead.

An amazing CEO also by the way.

Well, I think this is really where we're going. And I don't know if you watched my presentation from Singapore, but I went to Singapore with Bret and we did our company kickoff there, and we were in person with customers there and we're in person with our employees there and really looking at the future work there. I think that they're really living where the rest of us are going to be, which is why we went there. 
The pandemic is very much something that, in many ways, is behind them. Their businesses and their offices and their hotels and -- are open. They're still wearing masks in meetings but they have very low virus rates. And when you look at what's happening there and you look at how they've restructured, you look at how often employees are coming into the office versus before, this is what I think the world that we're about to get into. And anyway, Bret, what was your reaction?