It's a great question. And more importantly, it's a question on the mind of every CEO in every single one of our customers. When you look at the trends of this past year, like that wonderful Honeywell story that Marc mentioned in his script, they shifted 7,000 salespeople from in-person to virtual customer meetings.
Customer meetings aren't going back to conference rooms only. They're going to stay on Zoom as companies like ours just realize that we can execute as well as ever before in this digital environment. The contact centers that move from being buildings to be in the cloud, thanks to the power of Service Cloud, they're not going back to buildings anymore. When you think about to move from doctors' offices to telemedicine, you look across our portfolio, the move to digital commerce and digital marketing and incredible Cyber Week numbers we talked about last quarter, we really think that this digital Customer 360, this platform we've been building is an absolutely crucial part of the future of work for every single one of our customers, in particular, because things aren't going to snap back to the way they were.
It's also, as Marc mentioned, I think one of the reasons we're so excited about the prospect of closing this Slack transaction. When you think about what does it mean to succeed in the all-digital work-anywhere world, it's Customer 360, which enables you to digitize your entire customer experience and get back to growth in this incredible economy. And it's the digital HQ from Slack, which enables you to connect to all of your employees, all of your partners and all of your customers together in this incredible new engagement platform. And we think the 2 together represent an incredible opportunity that I think is truly the operating system for growth for every company embracing this new way of working and getting back to growth in this new normal.

Yes. Thank you for the question. I think one of the things, if you see the numbers, the strength is really across the portfolio. When we talk about the fact that of those 7-figure deals, they, on average, included more than 4 of our clouds, we're not selling individual products. We're selling a Customer 360 solution to really transform the entire customer experience.
That said, last quarter, I talked a lot about the amazing growth in marketing and e-commerce due to Cyber Week. It's really heartening to see just all aspects of the economy and our portfolio growing. One of the most fun for me this quarter in Sales Cloud, we're seeing over 5 million opportunities created every day. That is almost a 20% increase over last quarter. This is every B2B selling team in the world investing in growth again, recognizing the demand environment we see in the economy at every single part of our customer base.
Another great example of this is that -- and I don't even know if you know this, Marc, but in April, Einstein started doing over 100 billion predictions per day. And it's a great example of these platform investments that we did multiple years ago that our customers, that the whole economy goes digital is really -- are really benefiting from. When you think about what does that mean, it means that every e-mail you get is more personalized. It means that every e-commerce you paid is suited to your interest and your needs, driving growth and success for our customers but really represents, I think, the importance of these foundational technology investments.
And another great example of this, Marc talked about Customer 360, Analytics and Tableau, integration with MuleSoft. You're really seeing the importance of, I'll call it, that technology foundation as it relates to these Customer 360 multi-cloud deployments. MuleSoft is now doing 4.86 billion integration transactions every day. That is up 28% quarter-over-quarter. And it's sort of the boring but important part of this Customer 360, integrating all of those legacy systems so our customers can move faster in the face of an economy that's, I think, shifting more rapidly than ever before and really, I think, shows the importance of our acquisitions as it relates to our overall value proposition of Customer 360.