Thank you, Marc. It's really an honor of a lifetime. Thank you. Thanks to the Board. And most importantly, thank you to our customers and Trailblazers. I'm honored [ to be a part of you in ] this next chapter of Salesforce.

Well, Marc, I don't know if you know this. You were the first person I called when I started that second company because I wanted your mentorship and advice, so for me, this partnership was really the culmination of a decade-long friendship. And I'm just grateful. So excited for this next chapter.

Well, actually, Gavin Patterson and I, we took a trip to Europe together. We visited London, Paris, Amsterdam, Frankfurt. And there's -- this pandemic is a roller coaster, but what I heard from the more than 60 customers we talked to on that trip is a sense of really moving forward, that we'll have to take into account health and safety. We have to really think about this pandemic as an endemic, but people [ aren't sitting down ]. People are moving forward. They're focused on growth and they're focused on this new normal. And I have a very optimistic view of the future despite this roller coaster of a pandemic.

Not surprised at all, but it's something I look forward to every year every time those numbers come out.

Thank you, Marc.
As Marc said, we had another phenomenal quarter driven by our new operating model, our new management team and a product portfolio that's just increasingly relevant to every company looking to thrive in this new world. Through this pandemic, our customer success has fueled our success. We have hired more than 30,000 people remotely. We've launched more products than we ever have before and we've connected with more customers than we ever have before. We've also proven that we can come together safely in person. We just did Dreamforce in San Francisco a couple months ago. We're doing Dreamforce in New York...

It's amazing...

Dreamforce all year long, Marc.
And we also have opened 65 of our offices. And as I mentioned, Gavin and I took that trip to Europe, talked to over 60 customers. And really interesting to see a wide range of industries going through different issues, whether it's the supply chain or the Great Resignation, but there was one theme in all those conversations. Every customer reinforced that work is not somewhere you go but something you do. Every single company I spoke with is building their digital headquarters because they know their teams need to be successful from their home or from this office in this new era of hybrid work. And Customer 360 and Slack are powering this transformation for companies in every industry in every region of the world, and you can really see it in our results.
In the quarter, we saw strong growth across regions: 23% in the Americas, 38% in EMEA and 26% in APAC. And what really stands out to me, Marc, is the strength of our core organic CRM business. Sales Cloud...

Well, it is Sales Cloud has accelerated to 17% year-over-year growth. As Marc mentioned, it's now exceeding the $6 billion business, just like Service Cloud. And Service Cloud, which -- is actually continuing to grow above 20% year-over-year.

Yes, it really shows the strength in our core organic business, and it's just phenomenal to see this kind of growth at that kind of scale.
And there's nothing like the start of the holiday shopping season, which started last week, to make me appreciate just how mission critical our Commerce and Marketing Clouds are on Black Friday and Cyber Monday. Cyber Week runs on Salesforce for the world's greatest retailers. What we saw was just incredible. So Commerce Cloud processed more than 100 million orders in November, powering the shopping experiences for brands like Ralph Lauren, PUMA, Crocs, LVMH. And get this, Marc: This year, we have sent over 1 trillion messages from our Marketing Cloud. And in Cyber Week alone, we delivered 40 billion messages, up 34% year-over-year.

And we're lapping the pandemic. Last year, digital was the only way people were shopping, and we're growing 34% on top of that. Our message platform...

Well, I just want to give a special thank you to every member of Salesforce, but I would -- particularly the engineering teams, to get that kind of reliability.

When so much of our customers' business is happening over a day or a weekend, it's just crucial that these systems stay up. And I'm so proud of the team. And hopefully, some of those customers will become customers of Marketing Cloud next year.

And one thing I really want to call out is this move towards mobile commerce continued. Mobile push notifications sent [ from ] our Marketing Cloud grew over 94% year-over-year. We're just seeing the smartphone continue to transform commerce. All in, our Commerce and Marketing Clouds grew 25% year-over-year in our third quarter, continuing an amazing 20-month run as the global economy continues to digitize.
I also wanted to talk about Slack. So Slack outperformed our expectations in the first full quarter as a part of the Salesforce family. The number of customers on Slack who spend over $100,000 was up 44% year-over-year. And adoption of Slack Connect was up an astonishing 176% year-over-year. Slack is not just a product. Slack is a network, and it's just incredible to see that growth. Slack also continues to innovate as an -- at an unbelievable pace. Slack Huddles, which is Slack's new real-time audio capability, is already used weekly by over 1/3 of Slack users. And Slack Clips, the new asynchronous video capability, are being played nearly 1 million times a week. And this month at Slack Frontiers, which I hope all of you have watched it -- and if you haven't, you can watch it online. Stewart and the team announced the next generation of Slack's platform. And it's going to truly transform the way companies think about workflows and automation...

Slack is a system of engagement for every workflow, every application and every person [ in your enterprise ]. It's really an amazing platform vision. And absolutely, watch Slack Frontiers if you haven't seen it. It will -- I think it will blow your mind.

[ What's interesting ], Slack has already transformed the way we work at Salesforce. Since we have deployed Slack internally, we've sent 46% fewer e-mails. And in the last 30 days alone, our employees have sent nearly 60 million Slack messages and conducted 500,000 Slack huddles. We run Salesforce on Slack.
And every CEO and every Board I talk to is focused on how they can succeed in this era of flexible work. According to Slack's research, 93% of workers are looking for flexibility when they work, and 76% are looking for flexibility where they work. Companies need to connect their employees, their partners, their customers from anywhere because we all know we are not going to be in the office 5 days a week...

Marc, do you know what happens when they say that? Their employees leave and go to the company...

Well, our offices aren't going away. It's just that your digital headquarters is becoming more important because it is truly the infrastructure that connects all of it and especially in this new normal. And Slack and Customer 360 together are really powering this transformation. You can see in the results of the third quarter for Slack. Slack did $280 million of revenue, $30 million ahead of guidance. Retailers like Saks and innovative companies like the Southeast Asian ridesharing and food delivery app Grab, they're relying on Slack every day to collaborate, to automate workflows and to connect with their partners. And what's exciting to me, Marc, is the deep product innovations we're building between Slack and Customer 360 are already driving success for our customers. I had a great time working with VMware's new CEO, Raghu Raghuram, this quarter as he spun VMware out of Dell. And Raghu's team is already using Slack and Service Cloud [ for case forming ] to decrease the time to resolution for their customers. I could not be more excited for the momentum we see in the Slack business and in particular Slack's integration into Salesforce.
As Marc said, we're in a new world. We have a new operating model that's driving durable growth. And our team continues to deliver incredible success for our customers during these unprecedented times. Our core business is stronger than ever and is experiencing incredible growth at scale. Slack and Customer 360 have never been more relevant, and we're playing a pivotal role in supporting our customers' next phase of growth. And I'm excited to hand it over to Gavin to bring this to life and talk about what [ he's seeing ] with our customers around the globe.
Gavin?

Thank you, Gavin.

Yes, thank you for your question about Slack. And you're right. The shared channels, which the brand name is called Slack Connect, is just one of the most differentiated and exciting parts of Slack as a platform, particularly if you think about the opportunity to integrate Slack with Customer 360 because, as I said, Slack is not just a platform for communicating with fellow employees. It's a platform to engage with your partners, with your customers; and integrate with every single application at your company. I think the best measure of it in this quarter, I mentioned it in my script, was Slack Connect was up an astonishing 176% year-over-year in the quarter. And I think behind that, what's really exciting, and Stewart articulates this so well, there's a really strong network effect when multiple companies and multiple partners are using this service. It makes the service more valuable. We use Slack Connect with our customers now, and I think probably the best example this past week was Cyber Week. So many of the retailers that I worked with used Slack as their command center for Cyber Week. They would have Salesforce in there. They would have the agencies running their campaigns, their merchandisers. All of these folks are coordinated to drive as much GMV growth as they can in a short period of time. Slack was really at the center of that and, as you said, really about a shared channel with multiple stakeholders, so it's a big part of our product strategy. And it's a big part of the strategy for Slack to continue to grow. And candidly, I don't think there's an enterprise product like this in the marketplace that really has network effects from company to company, and we're really excited about it.

Yes. [ I mean I'll just start ]. First, I just want to give a special thank you to Amy. I think we talk a lot about top line revenue performance, the pandemic and a number of other factors leading to the operating margin delivery that we've delivered, but I think the most important part of it is discipline. And fundamentally as a company, we are a growth company. We'll always be a growth company, but [ we want to be prudent, don't ] need to choose between growth and operational efficiency. And you're seeing it in both the top line growth and the bottom line growth. And I think a lot of that is due to Amy's leadership and really the work of the entire management team to transform the way we operate. I think -- as Marc alluded to, this train [indiscernible] caboose, as you put it, I think, is set up to grow even faster coming out of this pandemic.

Yes. Well -- and I'll start [ just reiterating ] what Marc said, which is right now our focus is integrating Slack and not on any near-term M&A. As Marc said, it's really important. What sets Salesforce apart is how successful we've been able to integrate and grow our acquisitions. My favorite slide at Investor Day was Amy's, [ when she, when we ] talked about the growth of ExactTarget, of MuleSoft and Tableau; and now seeing the early returns from Slack. I think it's [ one of our superpowers as an organization's ], and it really requires a lot of focus from the management team. Slack [ does feel really special, though ], as Marc said. It's just a moment in time where the way we've worked, which has sort of been -- as Marc said, it's [ not something we all planned ]. We just showed up at work one day and that's the way work was done, and the whole world was reimagined at the same time. And we have this incredible opportunity to partner with our customers and help them with this transformation. And it's no one knows where the world is going. We know we're not going back to the "office 5 days a week." And Slack has just become such a strategic part of every single customer conversation. And as Marc said, I encourage everyone to either come in person to Javits Center on December 8 or watch online on Salesforce+ and really see the power of Salesforce Customer 360 and Slack together. And I think you can see why we're so excited about it and see -- as you can see some of the early returns this quarter as we beat guidance.

I appreciate the question. As Marc said, there's really no finish line with integrating acquisitions. And we've made some changes that we think are right for the long term in what has been, I think, maybe perhaps, Marc, our fastest-growing acquisition today that you saw in Amy's slide at Investor Day. So we feel very confident in the decisions we've made and have to get through a bit of this change management we were seeing in the short-term results, but we feel very confident in the future of MuleSoft and certainly no change to the demand environment. Actually Gavin and I were just talking about this just before the earnings call, just how important MuleSoft [ is a lot ] in our Q4 deals, particularly the Customer 360 deals where our customers are connecting multiple clouds to multiple back-end systems; and how much integration is such an important part of our customer conversation. So we feel confident in the long term of the business and recognize we have some short-term growing pains as we integrate our acquisitions.