Thank you, John, and thank you, everybody, for being on the call today. As you can see from our results, Q4 capped off another record year for Salesforce. Revenue in the quarter rose to more than $3.6 billion, up 27% in constant currency, truly amazing for a company of our size. And for the full year, we delivered more than $13.2 billion in revenue, making Salesforce the fastest enterprise software company ever to reach $13 billion.
Based on our outstanding fiscal year '19 results, we're raising our fiscal year '20 revenue guidance to $16.05 billion at the high end of the range, representing 21% projected growth year-over-year. And we expect this incredible growth to continue, which is why we're now initiating a revenue target for fiscal year '23 to $26 billion -- sorry, fiscal year '23 of $26 billion to $28 billion, organically doubling our revenue again in the next 4 years.
I've never been more excited about the opportunity ahead for Salesforce. Around the world, more and more companies are investing in their digital transformations, which start and end with the customer. Earlier this year, I was at the World Economic Forum in Davos, where I met with hundreds of global customers, and I've also been on the road, meeting with customers across the U.S. And everywhere I go, I hear the same thing. Companies are continuing to make incredible investments in their customer experience. They know they need to invest in becoming more customer centric, more efficient and more automated.
And when they invest, they're looking to do it with companies they trust, and that's why they're looking to Salesforce. Salesforce is not only the #1 CRM, but we're really their most trusted enterprise software vendor. And whether they're B2B or B2C, they're now becoming a B2B2C company. They're all transforming to connect with their customers in a whole new way, and we're the only company with an intelligent Customer Success Platform for both B2B and B2C companies.
Salesforce is the #1 CRM, and as you all know, with MuleSoft, we're now the #1 integration platform. We're also a leader in sales, in service, in marketing and in digital commerce, and in fact, service is on its way to becoming our largest cloud. That's incredible. That is allowing us to deliver a level of digital transformation never before possible. It's redefined the CRM experience for so many of our customers. And over the last 20 years, no other company has been more focused on customer relationships. We've not only remained totally focused on CRM. We've constantly redefined and expanded what CRM means.
CRM is the largest and fastest-growing market of enterprise software today, bigger than operating systems, ERPs and databases, and we continue to take share and outpace this market. According to IDC, Salesforce commands 20% of the overall CRM market, more than the next 3 competitors combined.
At Dreamforce, we introduced the Salesforce intelligent Customer 360, giving our customers a unified 360-degree view of their customers across every touch point in sales, service, marketing, commerce, communities and more. And we have a tremendous vision for the next decade with our intelligent Customer 360, a major growth engine for Salesforce moving forward.
We're operating at a tremendous scale at Salesforce. Just look at some of the daily milestones our customers have helped us achieved on our intelligent Customer Success Platform: Every day, 3 million sales opportunities and 3.2 million leads created in Sales Cloud; every day, 9.7 million cases logged in Service Cloud; and every day, 1.9 billion e-mails sent from Marketing Cloud. Amazing. Every day, 44 million reports and dashboards created in Einstein Analytics; and now every day, more than 6 billion predictions in Salesforce Einstein on our AI.
During the holiday shopping season, the Commerce Cloud processed more than 4.2 million orders and supported 690 million e-commerce page views in a single day. No other vendor provides CRM at scale, and it's why Salesforce has been named one of the World's Most Innovative Companies 8 years in a row by Forbes.
Take Salesforce Lightning. We've revolutionized the Salesforce user experience with a redesigned intelligent and intuitive new platform that is now making millions of users more productive. And Lightning makes it easy for them to build incredible innovation, customer experience with clicks, not code.
With Salesforce Essentials, we're now making it possible for millions of small businesses to tap into this innovation and deliver incredible customer experiences. But as we all know, every digital transformation isn't just a customer transformation. It's also an AI transformation. It's an automation transformation.
This is a big shift for our customers, and the industry is undergoing it everywhere. That's why we built Salesforce Einstein AI innovation deeply into the Salesforce Platform. I'm thrilled with the adoption of Einstein, which, as I said, is now delivering more than 6 billion predictions every day. Now with Einstein, we're enabling our customers to interact with Salesforce as easily and as naturally as they think and as they talk.
Just as Salesforce brought our customers the cloud, social, mobile and AI, we're bringing them voice as well. In fact, half of the U.S. households already have a voice-activated device. It's going to become a dominant user interface. But Salesforce is no exception. We've taken these consumer voice experiences, and we brought them to our customers to make them more productive at work.
Now and very, very soon, every Salesforce app that has ever been built will have Einstein available to it. The power of voice isn't just getting information. It's getting information into your database and into your CRM system. It has to be fully interactive. With Einstein Voice, customers will be able to update all of their data in Salesforce with voice command.
AI is critical to every customer transformation, and the automation it delivers is driving the next generation efficiency for companies. It's also a radical transformation in the nature of work, and it's why all of the CEOs I met with are talking about rebalancing and reskilling their workforce for the future.
As automation impacts the workforce, we recognize we have a responsibility to deliver our solutions to help people skill up for the jobs of tomorrow, especially for jobs in the amazing Salesforce economy that is growing around us, one that will create more than 3 million new jobs and more than $850 billion in GDP impact by 2022. That's why we created Trailhead, a personal learning cloud that empowers everyone regardless of their background to learn in-demand skills for free. We now have more than 1.2 million learners on Trailhead and are changing people's lives every day.
This week, as we celebrate another record year, we're also celebrating another great milestone: Salesforce's 20th birthday on March 8. In 1999, Parker and I could not have imagined that Salesforce will be the company it is today. What I'm most proud of is the trust we have with all of our stakeholders. There's a clear connection between customer success and a company's values, and that's why trust is the heart of our culture. And we've seen this as we've grown our company over the last 20 years. We focused on our culture as a key part of who we are as an organization because we realize exactly as Drucker told us, our culture eats our strategy for breakfast.
People are drawn to Salesforce, yes, because we are focused on customer success, but it's also because of our culture. Companies are excited to do business with us. They trust us to deliver the innovation they need to succeed in this Fourth Industrial Revolution. In fact, Ethisphere just named Salesforce one of the most ethical companies again.
Well, all of this is so exciting as we turn 20. Now together, we've built trust with our communities through the impact we've made. And over the past 20 years, together with our foundation and Salesforce.org, we've now given out $260 million in grants. 40,000 nonprofits and NGOs use our software for free, and our employees have volunteered nearly 4 million hours in their local communities. I could not be more proud of them. And as Parker and I reflect back on the last 20 years, there's one word that comes to mind: That's gratitude.
To close, I want to thank all of our employees, our customers, our partners, our shareholders, our investors, our analysts and all of our Trailblazers and communities around the world who joined us in this amazing journey over the last 20 years. I'm so deeply grateful, and I hope you all celebrate with us on March 8.
Now let me turn over to our Co-CEO, Keith Block. Keith?

Well, and I think that when you couple those kind of core aspects of our model, including that the majority of our revenue is deferred, and you look at this kind of incredible off balance -- basically the RPO, and then you look at what's happening in the market, today, we see 3 incredible levels of focus with our customers, which, number one, is the movement to the cloud. I don't think there's been a more exciting macro trend in both business and technology, where so many companies realize that they can get much greater acuity and speed in their business by moving to cloud-based systems. Two, digital transformation. I don't think there's a company that I've met with of size and scale that isn't going through a dramatic digital transformation, and each one of those transformations begins and ends with the customer, just as I said. And it doesn't matter if they're a B2B company or a B2C company, they're all becoming B2B2C companies, and it's requiring them to fundamentally transform their entire approach to what I would say is the third major trend: the customer. Those 3 things together, the cloud, digital transformation and the customer, become 3 dramatic trends that are moving all of our customers forward and have really taken the CRM market and made it the most important market in enterprise software. Last week, I was on the road last -- all week in the United States, and I had the opportunity on Thursday and Friday to meet with hundreds of the largest companies in the world and their CEOs, and I continue to see incredible optimism for the year and for the economy. Those CEOs are all talking about growth and investment, and they don't have, what I would call, economic anxiety, certainly not in the United States. When I was at the World Economic Forum in Europe, while I also saw a lot of confidence, European CEOs definitely have more anxiety, yet they are also continuing to invest aggressively. The reason why they're investing so dramatically in these areas is this is critical for their future growth. IT is not an optional area of investment for them in how they're going to achieve their future results. And I'll tell you and I'll end with this, it's not just about digital transformation. It's really about digital automation. And that level of digital automation is not just AI. It's not just RPA. It's just a broad rethinking of their entire company structures and rebalancing their workforces based on a new level of automation that's available to chief executives to reevaluate how they run their businesses fundamentally. And that is something that we have really adjusted our company for. That's why you've seen us make major investments in Einstein. And that has really paid out so well for our customers and has kept them really competitive, right at the very top of all digital transformations. The level of AI now in place with our customers is dramatic, and it's given them the ability of create new levels of efficiency in their organization as well as they've seen dramatic increases in their revenues because of it. And I think as all of these trends continue to play out over the next 48 months, you're going to see us have this dramatic increase in our revenue that we're forecasting today. And by the way, that -- of course, that's a midterm forecast in terms of the growth of our business. In the very short term, I'm excited that not only are we going to do more than $16 billion this year, but you can see we're rapidly approaching the $20 billion revenue mark. For Salesforce, that is absolutely amazing.

All right, great. I'd love to address that, and I think I'll ask Bret to take that on and to give us a response. He's listening to us from Australia. Bret?

And I'll just also add to that -- I'll add to that, that I think that one of the really strong parts of what's happening in the market today is when you are talking to these CEOs, they are all prioritizing digital transformation as one of the most important things they're doing. At the same time, the line of business buyers are still out there buying sales, service, marketing and these other capabilities. It's an incredible pairing of opportunity for us. And it's really kind of a nod which I'm about to give to some of these next-generation products like we've mentioned on the call, like Einstein and Service Cloud, Sales Cloud and MuleSoft, all of these things together building this intelligent Customer 360. And Bret, you're in Sydney, and you are -- you have a -- you're sold out. You have over 11,000 people registered to attend your event tomorrow at the ICC Exhibition Hall. Can you give us some insights into what kind of messages and what you're preparing to say there?

Well, you're right. You can see it in the numbers. Marketing Cloud has been a tremendous growth driver for us, and this year has been no exception. The numbers have been really incredible, and it's been driven by many things. Of course, as you know, it really is a product line that we have put together through many exciting acquisitions, including companies like ExactTarget as well as Demandware. And what it's resulted in is probably the most comprehensive solution for companies who are building that one-on-one relationship with their customer. The most powerful part of our Marketing Cloud, I had really already hit, and I'll have Bret touch on in it a second, is that it's both a great Marketing Cloud for B2C companies and one that can operate at scale, tremendous scale, as I mentioned in my comments. I'm sure you saw, when we're sending out that many e-mails or addressing the many cases, no one else can really deliver that type of opportunity. But it's not just for B2C companies. It's also great for B2B companies, too. And in one of the core areas of our Marketing Cloud, which is our Commerce Cloud, you saw how not only do we, for example, run all of the B2C interactions for a major customer like adidas, but with the most recent acquisition with CloudCraze, we'll also be able to step in and provide incredible B2C capabilities. On top of that, we've really added tremendous analytics capabilities, and that's in partnership with Google. Google Analytics is really the #1 analytics solution for companies trying to understand their relationship with their customers. And Google Analytics continues to gain market share with our customers, and that's why we've tightened our integration with Google Analytics. And in addition to that, we've added our own comprehensive analytics solution, which integrates with that as well as with all of our clouds, which is why we acquired Datorama, which is the Israeli-based company who provides, really, marketers the ability to have, really, a mission-critical dashboard that shows them exactly how to invest and how to move forward based on the success of all of their marketing organizations. So Bret, would you like to just touch on some of the success of Marketing Cloud this year?

Bret, as you are building this intelligent Customer 360, which is really the next wave of product line, and as you march towards Dreamforce this year to show customers what that next-generation intelligent Customer 360 looks like, what are some of the extensions that we would see to the Marketing Cloud that kind of demonstrate why that vision is so important?

The customer that comes to mind when you're talking about that, and I think just kind of queuing off of Keith's comment, is you saw at Dreamforce that when you see a CEO show up at Dreamforce, like Brunello Cucinelli was there, the reason why he's able to partner so closely with Salesforce is -- and why we become their digital transformation partner is we're not there for just one silo of their business, sales or service or marketing or commerce. We're here and there to really help him bring his entire company together. And it's really that comprehensiveness of the solution that then really yields that result for them. And I think that's what has really given us so much satisfaction, especially this year when we see a company like that or like when Keith talks about Jes Staley, the ability to partner at the CEO level and for them to know that we're going to be able to bring all of these assets to bear, and they're not going to have to just go to individual silo organizations within the customer segment that we're able to bring that entire CRM solution to them.

Well, I think that as you look at where we're going, and we're certainly excited to initiate our 4-year guidance and as we kind of head to $26 billion to $28 billion, as we kind of work towards this year's guidance of $16 billion and our kind of very short-term guidance of $20 billion, which are just enormous numbers for any technology company, in all of these cases, I think it's going to really get back to one very important thing, and that is something that our company has been very, very fortunate to build, which is a relationship with all of our stakeholders. When we look at all of our employees here at Salesforce and our customers, when we look at our partners, when we look at our Trailblazers, our MVPs or like we say at Salesforce, when we bring all of this together, it's really our Ohana. And we're so grateful to be able to have these relationships with them, that we, together, have been able to build these trusted relationships, that we have been able to focus on customer success, that we've been able to deliver this incredible innovation and be recognized for it so broadly and also at the same time, to build a culture here at Salesforce that has been able to stand for so many incredible things, especially equality. But I just want to end the call by saying this, that as we approach Salesforce's 20th birthday on Friday, March 8, that it's really our fifth core value, gratitude, that comes to mind because we are very deeply grateful for everything that has been given to us every single day over the last 20 years. And we want to thank you. Thank you for everything that you have done for us. We want to thank all of our Ohana who are listening to us on the call and all those who have done so much over 2 decades, because this business is very much a team sport, and we couldn't be more grateful for all of you. So thank you very much, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.