Thanks, Marc, and thanks, everybody for joining us on the call today.
As Marc said, we have an incredible opportunity ahead as more and more companies invest in their digital transformation. Across every industry, every geography, they are turning to Salesforce as their trusted adviser and to our Customer 360 platform as the foundation and catalyst for their growth.
It's clearly reflected in our Q2 numbers as we continue to see great results across our clouds, our industry solution and our regions. The hundreds of customers that Marc and I meet with every quarter are looking through a vision. They're looking for a strategy that will help them propel their growth and to get closer to their customers. They're asking us about the future of their industries. They are asking us about their peers, their competitors and how are they transforming. They're asking us about best practices from other industries. And they're asking us, most importantly, about how to innovate. But it's not just about technology. They also want to learn about Salesforce culture and our values and how we can help them drive success with their customers, their partners and their employees.
Now throughout the quarter, we continued to build and strengthened our relationships with leading brands around the world. FedEx selected Salesforce in the quarter as the platform for their customer service transformation. FedEx will use Service Cloud Einstein in their call centers to drive agent productivity with AI-powered recommendations and Einstein analytics to get a deeper understanding of their customers' needs across their business.
The Union Pacific Railroad system, one of the world's largest transportation companies, chose Salesforce as its unified CRM platform to deliver faster, more proactive service. Now that includes automated shipping notifications and tracking updates so customers can plan better and improve their shipping experience, very important.
Airbnb turned to Salesforce to power its global messaging program. Airbnb expanded with Marketing Cloud to continue to deliver meaningful, hyper-personalized communications with its community of guests, hosts and travelers, engaging with all Airbnb users across the globe on a single platform.
Again, we continued to expand our relationship with Marriott, one of the world's great companies, which is using Salesforce to better anticipate each guest's travel needs and display relevant offers during that stay and provide a more personalized customer experience.
Now in May, we have announced Einstein Analytics for financial services, giving wealth advisers, managers and retail bankers the AI-powered insights they need to better serve customers and grow their book of business.
Our momentum in financial services continues. We expanded our relationship with HSBC and formed a new relationship with UniCredit in Italy in the quarter.
In the public sector, the U.S. Federal Government increased its Salesforce investment, including the Bureau of Land Management, the USDA and the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.
A critical part of customer service for many of our customers is also field service. It is incredibly strategic to their operations and differentiates them. And that's why, as of Q2, Field Service Lightning is growing at nearly 100% year-over-year.
Now in the quarter, FOX Sports chose Field Service Lightning to manage production workflows, employees, equipment, facilities, rentals and more for its live broadcast. And with our recent agreement to acquire ClickSoftware, we'll be able to deliver even greater field service innovation to our customers, so that's very, very exciting.
Our international revenue growth continued in the quarter, super strong with EMEA growing at 30%, APAC growing at 27% year-over-year, both in constant currency. AXA, one of the largest insurance companies in the world, is on a journey to a global 360-degree view of every customer. And in the quarter, they made a number of strategic investments across several regions and divisions, including deploying Service Cloud to give their insurance agents a complete view of every customer, enabling them to have smarter, more personalized conversations.
In EMEA, we formed new relationships with HDM in Germany, the largest global manufacturer of offset printing presses, and fashion retail organization, Esprit, both choosing Commerce Cloud in the quarter. In Australia, we expanded with ANZ Bank and formed new relationships with Ramsay Health Care and the Australian Department of the Environment and Energy. In Japan, we expanded with Hitachi and Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance.
Our partners, very critical to our strategy, continue to help us deliver customer success. In Q2, partners were engaged in 68% of our new business. And each partner is continuing to invest in their Salesforce practices. Global partner certifications are up 40% year-over-year, that just keeps going and going and going. All 7 of our top consulting partners run their practices on Salesforce, and Salesforce is their fastest-growing enterprise practice.
Strategic partnerships are absolutely critical to our future and that's why we're thrilled about our new relationship with Alibaba. As a global company, it is important for us to support our multinational customers wherever they do business.
And finally, we closed our acquisition of Salesforce.org in the quarter, and we continue to see incredible demand in the nonprofit and education verticals. We work with more than 44,000 nonprofit and higher education customers and our employees have given more than 4.3 million volunteer hours and we've delivered nearly $300 million in grants, which is pretty amazing.
Last quarter, I mentioned making investments to fuel the next chapter of our growth around the world. Now part of that investment is bringing incredible talent into the company, and we've been very fortunate to add 2 extraordinary executives in EMEA and APAC to our international leadership team. Later this fall, Jayne-Anne Gadhia will become CEO for Salesforce U.K. and Ireland and Pip Marlow will be joining us as CEO for Salesforce Australia and New Zealand. And we're very excited to have them both on board. They're both great executives.
Now in closing, I would like to thank our employees, our partners and our customers around the world for their support, and of course, our company's great execution. So thanks to everybody.
And now I will hand this off to Mark Hawkins.

Yes. Listen, on the go-to-market side, we made a conscious decision over the last few years to really focus on 3 things. One is how do you take an international company and turn it into a global company. And there is a large difference between being an international company and being a global company. A lot of that is around culture, behavior and how you solve customer problems.
The second was really a movement towards selling solutions and speaking the language of the customer and understanding an industry. And just to give you an example of that, in 2 weeks, I have to go to New York, which I'm very, very happy about, to address the Board of one of the, I would say, the most prestigious retailers in North America and talk about the future of retail. A couple of weeks ago, I had dinner with the CEO of a different company, although same industry, but it's one of the largest retailers in the world, and they want to talk about how our Customer 360 platform can help them drive growth and optimize customer experience. So being able to understand the industry and enabling our field organizations and our entire company on understanding an industry and being able to solve a customer problem is a huge part of it.
The third piece of this is moving from a partner ecosystem to a strategic ecosystem. And partner ecosystem is really encompassing with our classic firms that we do business with like the Accentures and the PwCs and the Deloittes of the world who are just world-class SIs, but how do we extend that community to drive success for our customers everywhere in the world. And that's why we formed partnerships with companies like Alibaba because we have to service companies all over the world, and we have global operations. Again, I mentioned the word global. It also means that we continue to invest in this Trailblazer community where we want millions of people who evangelize and architect solutions that drive success for our customers.
And then the final component, which I mentioned on the call, is talent. We are fortunate enough, because of our culture and the type of company and our values, to be a destination company for talent. And we have attracted some amazing people whose careers we continue to grow who are very focused on customer success as well as these other folks like we talked about with Jayne-Anne Gadhia, for example, who's going to be running the UKI for us. And having those executives, having that talent in place who are passionate about customer success and driving solutions really makes us, I think, a very, very unique company. And that's why you see the success and that's why we're optimistic about the future.

Let me address the first part of this and then I'll ask Mark Hawkins to comment as well. So look, we're incredibly excited about Tableau. It's a great company, a set of great products. It's got an incredible development community. It's got a great executive team. And customers love their product.
As far as ClickSoftware, and I'll let Mark talk about Tableau in a second, but as far as ClickSoftware, we're very, very excited about the ClickSoftware acquisition. As you may know, field service is incredibly strategic to a number of industries such as utilities, telecommunications, equipment manufacturers. And we have a very strong product in Field Service Lightning. And the combination of Field Service Lightning, which grew 100%, by the way, year-over-year in the quarter, and ClickSoftware is very, very compelling. So that's a great example of marrying innovation organically and inorganically. So we're super excited about that.
And Mark, I know you have some comments specifically on the Tableau.

Yes. So Marc and I have actually been flying around the world quite a bit. I spent about a 4-week trip where I was in Japan, I was in the United States, I was in Canada, I was in the U.K. and Switzerland, in France and Italy and meeting with CEOs from various industries in those geographies. You can see from the results, EMEA continues to be very, very strong for us with 30% growth in the quarter.
And just go back to the UniCredit situation that I mentioned in the earnings call. This is a very strong bank in Italy. I think we're all aware of the situation that's going on in Italy from a macro perspective, from a government perspective. But the CEO of UniCredit is really betting the future of UniCredit around the Customer 360 initiative and the experience for his customers that he wants and how he wants to transform that bank. And that is the same conversation that is going on in every industry. I was in Paris meeting with one of the largest bank CEOs in the world. You know the Barclays story that we have in the U.K. We have industrial manufacturers in Germany, automotive manufacturers who are trying to improve the customer experience and driving 360-degree.
So the one thing that is very, very clear to me is that whatever is going on around the world, we see a buying environment, we see CEOs investing. And top of mind for them is digital transformation, which begins and ends with the customer. And that's why they're talking to us and that's why you're seeing these results.

Why don't I take that and then I think Bret will want to weigh in as well from the product strategy perspective. Like I -- this way, the digital transformation is really fueled by so many things. The foundation of it is the 360-degree view of the customer. And each of the elements of that 360-degree view of the customer is important, whether it's -- it's relative to the use case and the problem that you're trying to solve, whether it's sales or service or marketing or commerce.
And service is just very powerful. If you look at companies in a variety of industries, they like to differentiate themselves by service. And customer experience is a big component of that and field service is a big component of that. So as we talk to these executives about the future of growth, you can't have growth without a great customer experience, and that starts with service.
So Bret, I'm sure you want to add to that as well.

Well, Jennifer, one of the important things of being a global company is to be able to think globally and think strategically and act locally. And we want to empower our leaders in the field so that they can make decisions on behalf of the customers in front of the customers. There's an expression that says, "The best decisions are not made in the office, they're made out in the field." And by hiring these senior executives and cultivating and growing our other executives inside the company so that they're empowered to make these decisions, we think this is a perfect way to scale the company.
With respect to being a global company versus an international company, kind of the key tenet of being a global company is that you act the same, you behave the same, you execute the same no matter where you are all over the world, whether it's with one customer or many customers. And as we bring in these senior executives, we're augmenting and enhancing an already incredible management team. So we're super excited about these adds, and talent is an important strategy for the future.