All right, thanks so much, Keith, and congratulations on your promotion to co-CEO. Well done.

And as you heard from Keith, it was another outstanding quarter here at Salesforce. And honestly, I feel things have never been better. And I want to just take a few moments to talk about the larger forces that are fueling and shaping the phenomenal growth of this company and our industry. 
Our drive to $23 billion in revenue in fiscal year '22 and beyond is being driven by a technological revolution that's fundamentally transforming our society, the Fourth Industrial Revolution. In terms of its size, depth, capability and speed, this revolution is altering the human experience in ways we've never experienced before. Our customers are going through an amazing digital transformation. Each and every one of them is starting and ending with their customer. And as every company transforms their relationships with their customers, using amazing new technologies from artificial intelligence to the cloud itself, they're fundamentally changing how they sell and how they service, how they market and how they innovate. 
They're connecting with their customers in a whole new way. They're building incredible new intelligent 360-degree views of their customers, and they're using extraordinary new tools to get faster, more informed decisions through advanced analytics. And at the heart of all this transformation is Salesforce. Our position as the #1 sales, #1 service, #1 marketing, and #1 CRM platform is enabling our customers to stay ahead and thrive in this Fourth Industrial Revolution. And as more and more companies connect everything and everyone, they're realizing that integration is vital on their success and to their digital transformation and now they're turning to Salesforce MuleSoft, the #1 Integration Cloud to do it. 
Looking more closely, one of the critical aspects of the Fourth Industrial Revolution is artificial intelligence, the power of machine learning and especially deep learning, to give computers the ability to learn from all kinds of data, and it's giving our customers the ability to learn about their customers and be far more personalized, efficient, effective in their relationships. Salesforce Einstein, our own artificial intelligence platform, now provides our customers with over 3 billion predictions and insights every single day. That's amazing. And with the next generation of Salesforce Einstein that we introduced to the second quarter, Einstein Bots, first made available on our service cloud, our customers can now unlock even deeper customer insights to deliver a transformational customer experience, whether it's with a service agent, whether a sales agent or whether a bot itself. 
We've demonstrated our leadership in AI by open-sourcing our automatic machine learning library for structured data, which is the engine that helps power Salesforce Einstein. And our Salesforce research team introduced deep learning breakthroughs that make it possible for the first time for a single model to master 10 different natural language processing paths at once, significantly improving the way machines understand the many nuances of human language. It's an incredible step forward for artificial intelligence. 
With our acquisition of Datorama, also happened in the second quarter, we're also now able to extend our Marketing Cloud and bring all of our customers' marketing efforts into a single intelligent dashboard so customers then have less time looking at spreadsheets and more time acting on the right insights to drive business decisions. Also in the second quarter, we extended our strategic alliance with Google to deepen the integration between our Salesforce Marketing Cloud and their Google Analytics 360, and we're seeing amazing traction with customers that are experiencing the best of both worlds, Salesforce and Google together.
Salesforce Commerce Cloud continues to be the fastest growing enterprise commerce solution, delivering amazing results this quarter for marquee clients like Adidas and L'Oreal. We extended our Commerce Cloud would another great acquisition, CloudCraze, the leader in B2B commerce natively on the Salesforce platform. This means, now with the Salesforce Commerce Cloud, our customers can create the same commerce experiences for their B2B business buyers that they do for their B2C consumers, all from a single platform. 
As you can see, the Fourth Industrial Revolution is well underway here at Salesforce. Everyone and everything is more connected than ever before. And as part of that, we've seen an incredible community grow up as well, all around us and supporting each other to incredible new heights. These are our trailblazers and they're harnessing the power of our technology to transform not just at our companies and industries, but their lives and their careers. I have to tell you, these trailblazers are an inspiration. More than 1 million people have now used our free online Trailhead platform to learn Salesforce skills and elevate their careers and become Salesforce trailblazers. 
They have earned more than 8.5 million badges certifying their skills and positioning them for jobs in the digital economy. In fact, this Salesforce economy will now create 3.3 million new jobs by 2022. That's amazing and yet another example on how Salesforce is powering this Fourth Industrial Revolution. And that's why this year's Dreamforce, which is just going to happen on September 25, is going to be even more than highlighting our incredible technology. It's going to be a celebration of these trailblazers. Dreamforce is going to run from September 25 to September 28 in San Francisco. We're bringing together thought leaders, industry pioneers, and more than 100,000 trailblazers, for a whole 4 high-energy days of learning, inspiration, and quality, and fun. And I'm sorry to say, if you don't have your tickets, it's already sold out. Amazing. A first for Dreamforce.
Finally, in all of our work, Salesforce is guided by our core values. Many of you know that. You've heard us talk about that now. Our core values: trust, customer success, innovation and the equality of every human being. As you know, Salesforce has always tried to use of those values as a beacon of light for our industry. This started in our founding with our 1-1-1 model giving back and most recently has evolved with our deep work and quality. Discussions we have had with our Ohana over the past few weeks, have raised larger questions about not just the Fourth Industrial Revolution and what's happening, but also about how our values and our core values apply to the use of Fourth Industrial Revolution technology, and also any unintended consequences of their use. 
We've seen this discussion take place in many companies as well. We can see that happening today on the new cycle. It's been amplified by the amazing recent progress in artificial intelligence and especially in deep learning. Now here at Salesforce, we have determined that this ethical and humane use of technology, especially within this context of the Fourth Industrial Revolution, it must be clearly addressed, not only by us, but by our entire industry. Our industry has reached an inflection point that must be supported by a strong set of guiding values. We all know that, and you see that every single day. We know the technology is not inherently good or bad. It's what we do with it that matters. And that's why we're making the ethical and humane use of technology a strategic initiative at Salesforce. 
We have – we're appointing a new officer, an individual tasked with forming a new office of ethical and humane use. And we will work with all of our Ohana, including our customers, our employees, and our partners as well as industry groups and thought leaders and experts in this area to encourage, promote and publish and implement industry standards, guidelines and living frameworks around the ethical and humane use of technology.
This incredible aspect of the Fourth Industrial Revolution is the way forward, not just for our industry, but for humanity. We have to make sure that technology strengthens our societies instead of weakening them. Technology needs to improve the human condition, not undermine it. We're looking forward to working with all of our Ohanas and all of you in illuminating this important path together and continuing this incredible and critical discussion, especially here at Salesforce and including coming up at our Dreamforce conference.
With that, I want to turn it over now to Mark Hawkins and to discuss the financial details of the second quarter.

Keith, can you just tell us how is the integration going?

Bret, you said that kind of the acceleration of the public cloud combined with customers' major investments in their own data centers is driving this integration with cloud? Or what do you see as the core driver?

Well, thanks so much for that question. I mean it's been quite a few years now then we made a strategic decision here that artificial intelligence had to be a core part of the Salesforce Platform. Of course, we had seen so many exciting technologies emerge that we knew that had to become part of our platform on our journey over the last 20 years. But I think AI was probably the most daunting because there's many different aspects of artificial intelligence. And through a lot of core native development through acquiring companies, through finding incredible talent, we've been able to build a phenomenal platform with Salesforce Einstein. I don't think that there is a more successful business implementation of artificial intelligence than Einstein, not just core in our platform but, also now in all of our core clouds as well. I mean, you can see how Sales Cloud Einstein, or Service Cloud Einstein or even in the Marketing Cloud, helps transform the customer experience. But probably, the most powerful is our Commerce Cloud. When we actually turn Einstein on in the Commerce Cloud and customers have the option to do that, but when they do turn it on, they see double-digit revenue growth above what they were already experiencing on the Commerce Cloud is amazing. And it really goes to show how the ability to take this really powerful next-generation technology can have dramatic business outcomes, and we're deeply committed to artificial intelligence and we're all -- and as I said, we're also deeply committed to the ethical and humane use of that technology that we all realize that AI is developing a lot faster and going a lot farther than any of us realized. And Salesforce, as I believe, probably the premier provider of artificial intelligence, certainly in business applications and in enterprise applications, we still feel a deep responsibility to help in the guidance of that capability. Then, I'll turn it over to Mark.

Well, it's a good question. And I'll tell you in the room here is Monica Langley, and we are working on -- you've probably read the book, Behind the Cloud, and we're working on a new book right now, which we're really excited about, and we just sort of -- one of the key chapters, it really answers your question. And I sit squarely -- I still firmly believe that, if you're an entrepreneur that really -- the key to kind of having durable success over multiple decades, which is what Salesforce has now done, is really maintaining a beginner's mind. You probably heard me talk about this, but rarely does a morning go by where I don't take some time for mindfulness myself and really, say, "Okay, knowing everything that's going on and the industry, in the world, in our company, with everything that's happening, what do I want right now?" We really kind of start fresh, completely clear my mind, to really let everything go that has happened over multiple decades. And to say, "Okay. What do I want now? Where are we going?" And we do that -- I do that with myself, and we do that also with our management team. We just finished one of our major management conferences, and we take that same approach where we really say, "Okay. What is it that we really want?" And I think that's an incredible time. We're all so connected all the time. Everything's going on. So much e-mail. We're all on our phones. I'm sure everyone on this call is looking down at their phone right now, and just put our phone down, and stop, and just be able to say, "Okay, let's take a moment and then go forward." And I don't think -- for my mentoring to other entrepreneurs is they need to take care of themselves. This is the single most important thing and it starts with their beginner's mind. And then see that new book coming soon [indiscernible], right, Monica?

In 1 year, she said. All right.

Bret, are you surprised with the kind of the wave of acceptance, the integration cloud and what's happening? I know you have a lot of surprises planned for Dreamforce around that as well. But is this a shock?

Well, I think that number one, I mean I was in Switzerland last week in a conference and I met with more than 100 of the top European CEOs and probably in each and every conversation that I had with them, I see a deep yearning for them to have a more complete relationship with their customer. But it's a deeper aspect of that. They want a one-on-one relationship with their customer, especially with consumer companies, you can see that when you look at -- if you go to some of the major consumer sites that -- and companies that we work with like Louis Vuitton or Adidas or L'Oreal or Puma or New Balance, you can see that you're starting to have a one-on-one relationship with the company, that they're able to really provide a one-to-one experience with you. And that's not just in commerce, but it's in marketing, it's in service, it's in sales and to kind of bring in some of the previous questions, it's intelligent, too. That is we're using AI to make that a more personalized experience to give you that opportunity. And that's what every company wants to get to, whether they're a B2B company or a B2C company. It's one of the reasons I was so excited, for example, in the CloudCraze acquisition, on a company like Adidas, a significant percentage, of course, of their commerce is B2C. We all know that. We go on their site and we buy our YEEZYs. But did you know that an even larger percentage of their electronic commerce and B2B, that is, of course, they need to be able go and sell to all the other companies that sell Adidas and we all know that those companies are. And that opportunity to offer a B2B and B2C experience, that's one-on-one that is really driving this phenomenal growth, especially as you see in the Marketing Cloud. Of course, e-mail is a key driver there and no one sends more business e-mails in a highly personalized, intelligent way than we do. You'll also see that it drove our acquisition this quarter of Datorama. If you haven't seen Datorama, it is an amazing company. It's a company that through artificial intelligence is automatically able to integrate all these different marketing automation applications. Of course, Salesforce is probably the #1 Marketing Cloud in the world. But there are other marketing clouds as well and there's other marketing technologies. Datorama is able to automatically reach out to those and then provide to the marketer automated dashboards with integrated KPIs to give them, basically, an incredible opportunity to drive their marketing. That is going to be future growth of our Marketing Cloud. I'm so excited that we were able to acquire this company that we're able to rapidly start to integrate it into our system. Finally, you mentioned open sourcing a key part of our AI. We're working closely with the entire AI community, and as part of that, we believe that we're all working on artificial intelligence together. And we're certainly – we've benefited from the open source community, and we're going to contribute as well back to the open source community. That's part of our philosophy at Salesforce.

Well, I mean I'll hit the last part first, which is I've never seen such a robust spending environment. This is just a time when, and I'll just speak really to the CEO level, I've never seen CEOs spend so aggressively. They benefited really dramatically from these tax cuts and also from the deregulation focus, especially in the United States. And it doesn't matter if it's an American or European, as I mentioned, I was there last week or an Asian CEO. I have had experiences with all of them recently, and I can tell you that, across the board, I don't know a CEO who's not aggressively spending at a level that I have not seen them spend at before. And probably the #1 thing that they're spending on is their own digital transformations. They're really positioning their companies for the future. I mean, we're really in an incredible time. And I can -- I've been continuing to be extremely impressed with that. Of course, we have a tremendous offering for them as well. We have the right product at the right time, that has really helped us. In regards to the Integration Cloud, this is a company with MuleSoft that, of course, we help fund it at the beginning. I personally recruited other investors like Cisco into the company. Board members, I really always love the company. And then something amazing happened last year. I was just talking to a lot of customers and I keep hearing that integration was moving up on their priority list. And the reason why is very simple, everybody knows that public clouds are becoming more dominant. We've seen the incredible growth of amazing Salesforce customers like Amazon and Google, 2 of our largest customers, and their public clouds. But as our customers move to these public cloud environments, including ours, by the way, it really motivates the integration issue because not only do they have their data in their data centers, but now they have data in multiple and in most cases public clouds as well as they're getting data from other SaaS vendors and given other public data sources. All of these things create an integration gambit like we've never seen before, and yet here's this company, MuleSoft, that has a radically new API-driven approach to integration that's just phenomenal. And it's just been on a tear, and all of a sudden, I just -- I turned to Keith and Bret, and they noticed -- I came back to one specific customer and I said boy, I mean, we can offer our solution to the customer and provide an incredible 360-degree view of the customer -- of their customer, for that customer and give them insights like never before. But we are not going to be able to do that without this level of integration because the customer, their ability to have that 360-degree view of their customer is in so many different places now. It's unbelievable. So Bret, do you want to just amplify or extend any of that?

Keith, I just have to ask you because you've, obviously, you've been here for 5 years. You've seen us do lots of acquisitions. Has there ever been an acquisition that's had the kind of rate of growth and speed and acceptance by customers that this one has had?

And you're going to see an incredible new reveal at Dreamforce [indiscernible], but Bret has done some amazing work this year.

And I'll just add that at Dreamforce, you're going to see some amazing extensions to the core platform. We're not going to go through all of them right now, but I'm sure you will be as blown away as I am. You saw yesterday, we also announced our lead band for Dreamforce, which is Metallica, but we have a lot of other amazing entertainment planned and speakers. Some of that we're going to be dribbling out as we head between now and September 25, and a lot of it you're going to see reveals for the first time during the Dreamforce keynote. I promise all of you that this will be the Dreamforce that you will all never forget. And I'll look forward to seeing all of you there. And with that...