All right. Well, hey, thank you so much, John, and thank you to everyone on today's call for being here with us. Look, as you'll recall, fiscal 2018 was a record year for Salesforce and Q4 was our best quarter ever. In fact, the most recent Fortune 500 ranking, Salesforce has moved up nearly 200 positions over last 2 years, and based on last year's revenue, we're now the 285th largest company in the United States. And we're thrilled that our phenomenal momentum continued right now in the first quarter of fiscal year '19.
Revenue for the quarter rose to more than $3 billion, up 25%, putting us on $12 billion revenue run rate. That was just amazing. And we now have $20.4 billion of future revenues under contract, which is the remaining transaction price. That's up 36% from a year ago. Based on these strong results, we're raising our full year top line revenue guidance to $13.125 billion at the high end of our range, 25% growth for this year.
Well, and just as we'll be the fastest enterprise software company to reach $13 billion, we're well on our way to surpassing the $20 billion revenue goal faster than any other enterprise software company in history. With another quarter of amazing growth, we've strengthened our position as the world's leading CRM company. Earlier this month, IDC named Salesforce the #1 CRM provider for the fifth consecutive year. In fact, according to IDC, we increased our CRM market share in 2017 by more percentage points than the rest of the top 20 CRM vendors combined. We're the #1 in sales, #1 in service, #1 in marketing, and we have the #1 CRM platform. We continue to be the fastest growing of all the top 5 enterprise software companies, and these incredible results are because of our relentless focus on customer success.
In fact, I've just returned from a series of meetings with customers around the world. I was in Tokyo, Minneapolis, Chicago, New York. I was in Washington, D.C., and I'll tell you, everywhere I go, every CEO wants to talk about digital transformation, which begins and ends with the customer. Only Salesforce can deliver highly personalized engaged B2B and B2C customer experiences powered by the world's #1 CRM Customer Success Platform across sales, across service, across marketing, commerce, communities, analytics and even application development through our platform. Only Salesforce is giving customers an intelligent 360-degree view of their customer. And this month, we closed our acquisition of MuleSoft, giving us the industry's leading integration platform as well.
Well, integration has never been more strategic. So many of the CEOs I spoke with told me that data remains unlocked -- remains locked in their legacy systems and is holding them back. With MuleSoft, we're now enabling our customers to connect all of their data across any public or private cloud and on-premise to radically enhance innovation and create incredible customer experiences. So we couldn't be more excited to welcome MuleSoft to Salesforce.
And just this morning, Forbes named Salesforce again one of the world's most innovative companies for the eighth year in a row. Since Forbes started the list in 2011, Salesforce has placed in the top 3 every single year.
In fact, our innovation in artificial intelligence is delivering incredible value to our customers. Salesforce Einstein now delivers nearly 2 billion predictions every day, and that's a doubling of our daily predictions just last quarter. This is the most strategic technology for our customers.
How are we growing so consistently quarter-after-quarter? As I've described before, it's about staying true to our values, including customer success and innovation. But our #1 value at Salesforce is trust, earning and keeping the trust of our stakeholders, our employees, our customers, our partners, our shareholders and all of our communities. That's why I've called for a national privacy law to protect the personal data of American consumers and to help restore trust in the tech industry similar to what's happening in Europe with GDPR.
In closing, as I pointed out before, CRM is the fastest growing enterprise software category. It's a massive $120 billion market opportunity, and we are determined to continue leading the way for our customers and for their success. And we're keeping our eyes focused on the future after record world tours in New York; Washington, D.C.; Amsterdam; Toronto; London; and Paris. We're looking forward to welcoming 10,000 attendees to Connections in Chicago in 2 weeks. I hope you will attend. It will be the digital marketing, commerce and customer success event of the year.
And as I said before, we're well on our way to surpassing $20 billion in revenue and doing it faster than any other enterprise software company in history. You can see that in the numbers from this quarter, the trajectory is clear. Anybody who sees the numbers in these financial results can see it's going to happen, and we could not be more excited.
So we're incredibly proud of another quarter of remarkable growth. Of course, none of this will be possible without the partnership and dedication of all of our stakeholders, especially our 30,000 Salesforce employees, the world's largest team dedicated to CRM. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you to all of our Ohana. We're #1 in CRM because our employees, our customers are #1, and to all of them and to all of our Ohana, again, I say thank you.
And with that, I'll hand it over to Keith.

Well, as we go deeper into our vision with so many of our customers, the key thing that we are focused on is their single view of their customer. We just talked about so many of our key wins in the quarter. I mean, it could be Kering with their re-platforming or incredible brands like Gucci or Bottega or Yves Saint Laurent, the USDA and their relationship with their farmers and ranchers. It could be the work that we're doing with Align, why -- the -- giving their orthodontists the ability to connect with their consumers in a whole new way, or it could be the incredible work that you've seen with adidas. In each and every case, they are working to understand and have a 360-degree view of their customer, and the power of that is really augmented by our suite of CRM applications that do that for them, things like our sales, commerce, service, communities, analytics, our core platform, collaboration, marketing and exactly what you said, by adding integration in that, it helps us to bring in data from multiple public clouds because many of our customers are now using multiple public clouds and/or they might be, let's say, for example, the health care company seeking data from the health care system itself like an insurance system or maybe some other type of key data bag associated with the health care industry. Integration is mission critical for our customers to gain that 360-degree view of their customer. Now we've always known that at Salesforce. That's why we built an open system. That's why we've had an application program interface. That's why we've had an AppExchange. That's why we focused on ISVs and had relationships with companies like MuleSoft. But it has become more important for our customers to be able to have and rely on an Integration Cloud. This idea that deeply embedded inside our products, they can rely on this technology to be able to integrate all the key data so they can build that single view of the customer. And we have Bret Taylor here, who is our President, Chief Product Officer. And Bret, do you want to just kind of touch on that in your -- I know you've been traveling the country and talking to hundreds of our customers about their vision for integration. Can you tap that for us?

And Bret, I just want to ask you before we go on. When we look at this next generation of intelligence, obviously, Salesforce has done it a little bit differently than other companies because we've taken a consistent artificial intelligence platform, Einstein, and we've now allowed all of our applications to flow through that. So whether it's our Commerce Cloud, our Sales Cloud or our Service Cloud, they're all augmented now through Einstein. And I guess, one of the major results that I'm so proud of, of your team and their engineering teams is 2 billion predictions a day. Where do you see that going?

So what you're saying is just by turning on Einstein, our Commerce Cloud customers, for example, have seen some incredible increase, what is a 15% or 20% in revenue, just by turning on artificial intelligence, the ability for that AI to start working with the consumers who are using those Commerce Cloud services.

It's not a programmatic -- I mean, it is programmatic. It can be, but it's really declarative. It's easy to just get going. Okay, great. Thanks so much.

Keith, I want to ask you a question about that. In the quarter, you closed one of our largest transactions ever and also just an incredible transaction with a very large insurance company. And one of the things about working with that company, as you're really building a complete family of applications around the customer like I mentioned, that is they're not using just one cloud, right? They're really looking to us to bring together the entire customer experience. And we see that. I mean, insurance is a great example of an industry where we've seen incredible transformation across all different types of insurance and globally, too, not just here in the United States but in Japan, in Europe, et cetera. How does that idea that we're able to come in with a complete customer experience differentiate you in the marketplace?

So you're able to put together many different types of solutions to offer to that customer than that 360 customer view.

That's great. Thanks so much.

Well, thanks so much for that question. I think that as we've expanded our vision of what the customer experience is and where the market is going, of course, we've inspired other competitors to think about the future as well. And that's our job, too, is to create followers. And we've seen a lot of other companies, smaller companies like the one you're talking about, really try to look at where are they going in the future. And I think that, that's great because, of course, we want a competitive environment. But our approach is really different because we really see every B2B company and every B2C company becoming a B2B2C company. And I see that over and over and over again. I mean, I gave a good example of adidas. I think you know, when you look a huge commerce story like adidas, of course, when there's a new shoe like the Yeezy 350 is launching, we have to build and provide that tremendous customer experience that's highly differentiated for adidas on our Commerce Cloud. But of course, that's not the only cloud that adidas is using with us because they need to be able to provide many different types of services to their customers. And that's really we're working of be able to jump in and offer them great success. But of course, with an example of a company like that, you're going to find that maybe only 20% of their revenue is in that B2C commerce experience. Many of those companies, 80% of their revenue has been complemented and at the B2B e-commerce experience. That's why one of the most exciting acquisitions that we did in the quarter was a relatively small company that had been built natively on our platform called CloudCraze because it really, all of a sudden, extended us into not just B2C commerce but B2B commerce as well. And I don't think anybody can really touch the tremendous success we've had since acquiring Demandware. It's been an awesome journey in just a couple years, but it's really because we've provided that complete experience around the customer. Now when you think about that, that's -- there's 3 major components to that. There's the system of record, of course, which is kind of where Salesforce started. I would say that we probably have the strongest system of record experienced in the industry. Then there's the system of engagement itself, whether it's internal users or externally. Again, we have such tremendous capability, whether it's Heroku or our Communities or even our Commerce Cloud. And three is the system of intelligence. Bret touched on it with Einstein, with AI but even look at our advanced analytics capabilities that we now bring to bear. No one else can provide that experience. Now we're not a closed solution. We're going to work with every company. Of course, we have to because our customers have many different types of solutions in their companies. And so we're going to do that. But when you look at some of these core areas like the customer experience, the ability to provide enablement like you've seen with our Trailhead capabilities, the ability to have that deep engagement like I just mentioned, the level of intelligence and now integration having the #1 Integration Cloud in the world, it really helps when we walk into a customer and say, "Look, we're the #1 Sales Cloud in the world, the #1 Service Cloud in the world. We're the #1 Marketing Cloud in the world according to IDC. And we've done all that in a flash of an eye." And I think that, that's why you can see a very fast line. I mean, you guys are all tremendous financial analysts. You can put the numbers together and figure out when we're going to get to $20 billion. I mean, we think that we're going to get there faster than we could have imagined, and that's why we're so excited about our business. And then we're going on by the way. This is not -- this is, I think, the most exciting time ever in our industry. I've never seen customers more excited about investing, especially in their digital transformation and their customer transformation. And we're well positioned as the #1 CRM provider in the world. I hope that answers your question.

And I'll just fill in for you on the -- I think that when we walk in, I was in New York last week and I was with the CEO of a very large life insurance company. And they're a very large Service Cloud customer. And he actually had the Service Cloud running at his desk, and we were going through that. And turned out he's also a very large MuleSoft customer as well. And just it expands our relationship with that customer and makes us much more strategic with them, and then at that point, my ability to consult with that customer is really around, "Okay, now let's look at each one of your policyholders and your ability to have a 360-degree vision with them." And that goes everything from their internal systems and their policy management systems to even their capabilities that they have in other public clouds that they're using. We're going to wrap all of those things with all of our customer capability because what he's mostly focused on is what are his customer relationships and how is he driving those customer relationships forward. And that ability to have that conversation, well, it just gets extended each and every year. I mean, I was even able to start to talk to that CEO about enablement that we have this tremendous platform called Trailhead where we're giving this opportunity to enable so many of our customers and now giving that platform to them as well, the ability for them to enable their employees and their customers. It becomes a very critical part of our story and gives our customers the ability to realize that we are a strategic part of their future, and we're going to help them become more successful than ever through that fully integrated complete CRM platform.

I think that's a great question. And yes, MuleSoft, because of the nature of MuleSoft, the nature of integration itself and the ability of the complex integration, which is what MuleSoft is really excellent at in building this tremendous integration layer, what we call a bus across the enterprise, the ability to have an application interface to that bus, the ability to accelerate innovation, the ability to build the mobile apps or other kind of capabilities while unifying all of these services to provide this 360-degree customer view, this is what MuleSoft excels at. I mean, we think it's absolutely the best in category, and that's what our customers have said. Of course, we've been involved with the company almost from its very start where we were very early investors in the company and carried it all the way through to IPO. And it has an architecture where it runs partly on-premise, and that's one of the reasons it's able to do everything that it can do from an integration layer. From Salesforce's core platform, we're still 100% public cloud. I don't see that changing. There's going to be little instances here and there, especially when we acquire a company like MuleSoft or maybe other things in the future. I think that we've talked about, we began and end our day at Salesforce with a beginner's mind and what the Japanese called shoshin, the idea that, look, we're not attached to any kind of religious dogma around the cloud. We're going to do what's best for our customers and what's best for our company. And in the case of MuleSoft, I think it very much reflects that vision, that idea that we're going to build to deliver the best Integration Cloud. Bret, how do you see this?

And I think you can see that also in how we deliver our product. Of course, we have many first-party data centers where we have our own proprietary data center and capability, but in other cases, we've partnered with great companies like Amazon, like Google and IBM, in many cases, at the customer's request to be able to deliver an alternative delivery experience. And so if you're using Salesforce in Canada, for example, you're using that on the back of AWS. And there are so many other examples of what we're doing with different type of cloud deployments, and it's really driven by what our customers want for flexibility. And the ability to have great relationships and great alliances with companies like Amazon or with Google and with IBM give us even more capability to deliver this kind of, what I would say, highly flexible execution environment for the customer.

Well, I think it's a great question. And as we head towards Dreamforce and as we head toward -- if you don't have it on your calendars, the week of September 24 here in San Francisco, it feels like we were just at Dreamforce, but Dreamforce is approaching very fast, and you should all plan on coming back to San Francisco for what will be our biggest and best Dreamforce ever. I think about how does that look for customers and things are changing, and some of that has been induced by our industry where, for the first 6 months, I think that in many aspects of our industry, we've been going through a crisis of trust and where the headlines in many of the newspapers have been about vendors who are having trust issues with their customers. We saw that a little bit last year in San Francisco, and this year, we've seen it again. I think from the European perspective, the way they look at data is data belongs to you. It's your data. Now for us at Salesforce, we understand that. We've had that position from the beginning. Our customers' data belongs to them. It's their data. I think, in some cases, the companies that are kind of startups and next-generation technologies here in San Francisco, they think the data is theirs. I think the Europeans with GDPR really flipped the coin, especially in advertising but in other areas saying, "Hey, this data belongs to the consumer or to the customer. You guys have to pivot back to the consumer. You have to pivot back to the customer." We need a national privacy law here in the United States that probably looks a lot like GDPR. This is going to help our industry. It's going to set the guardrails around trust, around safety. It's going to provide the ability for customers to interact with great next-generation technologies in a safe way. I think that this is going to accelerate with artificial intelligence. We saw that recently with an AI demonstration from our industry where average customers could not tell, were they interacting with a computer or were they interacting with a human being. That starts to cross the line on what is trust. And that's where our industry really has to come forward and say we're going to make sure that these technologies are trust based. And I think the Europeans definitely got that figured out. I think the rest of the regulators in the world are looking strongly at that. When it comes to the advertising industry and companies that serve the advertising industry exclusively, honestly, while I think that, that advertising is a model that will continue to be successful and digital advertising well, I think that's the idea that you need to build a one-on-one relationship with your customer, something that we've been saying now for almost 20 years is probably more true than ever because, ultimately, your ability to have success with your customer will be able to sell or service our market to them or conduct commerce with them in a one-on-one way based on the system of record that you have with that customer. Salesforce is a system of record-oriented company. That's where we started. And then we evolved into a system of engagement. We evolved into a system of intelligence, and in many ways, we're becoming a system of systems, which I think we'll show you at Dreamforce. But at the end of the day, where we see the world going is we have -- we're providing to our customers the ability for them to have that unique customer experience. To say that you're going to have this fully anonymized relationship with your customer and adapt the future, I'm really not buying into that. I don't know, Bret, you straddled both worlds. Where do you think this is going?

Amy, you've done so much work with GDPR, and you're helping so many of our customers around the world implement GDPR. And of course, Salesforce has now become a system that is allowing our customers implement GDPR. Where do you see this going from a legal and privacy point of view?

Amy, you see a big movement here in California. There's a group of very well-respected executives not just from our industry but also from the privacy and legal community trying to build a California GDPR. We've called for a U.S. version of GDPR, a national privacy law. How do you see these things coming together? What is your dream for privacy in the United States?

What can Salesforce do to help customers implement GDPR today, Amy?

So for financial analysts and other people on this call, if they actually want to take a course on GDPR and get up to speed, they can do that right on our Trailhead platform?

And you just go to Trailhead and do a search on GDPR. And that trail will come up, and you can get badged and certified on GDPR. Terrific. All right, well thank you so much everybody. And we're looking forward to seeing you at Connections in Chicago in a couple of weeks, which will be the marketing event of the year. Bret is going to be doing an amazing keynote there and demonstrating, I think, our vision for customer 360 and the Integration Cloud. And then we'll see you again at Dreamforce in September.