Okay. Thank you so much, Evan, and thank you, everybody, for being on the call today. I hope you and your families and colleagues are all healthy and safe. We're in a moment in time anything -- any of us, well, that we've ever experienced. And for instance, usually, I'm speaking to you from the top of Salesforce Tower, but today, I'm speaking to you from my home, as I suspect many of you are in your homes as well. It's another reminder of how the pandemic has dramatically affected all of us, our customers and our -- humanity in ways that we could have never imagined. And my heart is with everyone who has been affected by this virus, especially those who have lost loved ones. 
This pandemic is revealing the culture and the core value of every company. And those of you who have followed us closely know that Salesforce has always been deeply committed to serving all of our stakeholders. Well, we have really lived this for 2 decades and especially over the last 90 days, the foundation of our company is our 4 core values: trust, customer success, innovation and equality. And first and foremost among these is the trust that we have with all of our stakeholders. 
The story of our first quarter is very much the story of trust, Salesforce and our Ohana rapidly taking action to embrace and invest in all of our stakeholders. Indeed, our financial results for the first quarter reflect the unprecedented long-term investments that we've made in our employees, in our customers and also our communities. And as our fiscal year began, we were coming off an amazing fourth quarter. It capped off another record year for Salesforce, and February, the first month of our first quarter of fiscal year '21 [ builds ] continued an amazing growth trajectory. 
By mid-March, of course, and all of you know, the virus emerged into this global, biological and economic crisis. We rapidly pivoted the company to address 3 priorities in support of our stakeholders: keeping our employees healthy and safe, guiding our customers to navigate this incredibly challenging situation and supporting our communities around the world. We view this pandemic in 3 phases. The first 90-day phase has been about rapid response and investing in all of our stakeholders. We're now entering the second phase, reopening safely. And the third phase which we believe we'll enter next year, will be about a new normal. And I want to spend a few minutes on the actions we took during the first quarter and phase 1. 
First, we've invested in our employees, their health, their well-being. Well, this remains our highest priority. We closed 160 offices around the world in a moment's notice, guided all of our 52,000 employees to work from their homes. We settled in remote work situations. As a cloud-first company and with our amazing Salesforce platform, well, this transition was extremely smooth. We rapidly learned that we can run Salesforce very effectively anywhere, even from our homes. And we found the overall situation was taking its toll on many of our employees' mental health as they sequestered into their own homes, as it has been for many people all over the world. And so we invested in mental health and mindfulness programs to help them. Our core program, B-Well Together, which was initially just designed for our employees, well, we've had to open that up publicly to all of our customers, well, the whole world because of public demand. 
We also invested in our employees' financial stability. We committed to no significant layoffs for the first 90 days of the crisis. And in late March, we also gave certainty to our sales team with a onetime guaranteed commission for the first quarter, which we knew would close at the height of the crisis, giving them tremendous confidence in our ability to take care of them. This was a critical investment in the long-term success of our amazing distribution organization. And we invested in our communities. In early March, we were asked by Sam Hawgood, the Chancellor of UCSF, to help him acquire PPE. UCSF was already running low on PPE. Chancellor Hawgood was looking for ways to protect his doctors and nurses and other frontline workers. 
But back then, I have to tell you, I didn't even know what PPE was. It turned into a much larger and more critical effort almost overnight. And as we received many requests from hospitals, nursing homes, essential businesses, the CEOs of some of our largest customers calling us in dire need, well, in partnership with UCSF, we helped acquire and distribute more than 50 million pieces of PPE to over 300 hospitals and first responders globally. And just one example, Salesforce sent a 767 loaded with PPE to New York City at the very height of the crisis, masks and gloves and aprons that we acquired, well, they were immediately delivered to the state distribution hub at Javits Center. And I'm deeply grateful for our relationship with Daniel Zhang, the CEO of Alibaba, who helped get this started and make sure that we got the PPE that we so badly needed [ in New York ]. At the same time, we've donated funding, employee volunteer time, services to those most in need, focusing on access to care, lost livelihoods, food and security and the digital divide. This pandemic has exposed deep structural inequalities across our society that we can't ignore. We can see that on TV right now. 
But at Salesforce, our core values include our commitment to the equality of every human being, and this will be part of our work going forward as it has been for all of us. Look, we also invested in our customers actually quite dramatically. Even with our employees working from home, our culture of innovation continues to thrive, deploying new products to help customers at this critical moment in time. I was especially inspired by the productivity of our incredible engineering organization. And talking with CEOs all over the world, it became apparent very quickly that many were looking to Salesforce to help them guide through these uncharted waters. Companies were working from home, leaders had little visibility in their businesses, no way to easily connect with their remote employees, customers or partners, and they turned to Salesforce. 
For some of our customers most severely affected by the unprecedented impact of COVID-19, we even granted them a temporary financial flexibility. We also created free rapid response Salesforce Care products to help companies work to sell the service to market from their homes. And we've already had more than 38,000 sign-ups for Salesforce Care led by versions of Salesforce Essentials and Salesforce Quip. That's been amazing. 
Our Salesforce Care industry solutions for health care and manufacturing, what they've provided proved to be crucial for many companies. They're scaling up services to handle increased demand for patient management, pivoting to much needed PPE, ventilators in their factories. Tableau, well, they were amazing. They built this incredible free analytics platform, the Tableau Data Hub, tracking the virus and being used by dozens of U.S. states and countries around the world. You can see it at public.tableau.com. 
And with Tableau Data Hub, New York state posted a set of Tableau dashboards that provide a daily look at the latest testing and confirmed case data at both the state and county level. And that data is also used by Governor Cuomo during his daily briefings. We're able to do all this because our Salesforce Platform provides the agility, the flexibility, the speed, creates solutions not in months or years but in weeks, even days. And when everyone sheltered in place, we saw tremendous growth also in our Commerce Cloud's weekly order volumes and our Einstein Bot sessions, both were up more than 100% since February 1. Einstein predictions increased 5x over this time since last year. We also had an amazing job of happening -- pivoting from physical events to virtual events. We developed an online leadership program called Leading Through Change. It's had over 75 million views so far, incredible. Program highlights the work our customers have been doing during this crisis. It gives them inspiration and guidance. It also shows some Salesforce solutions that are available to help them get their jobs done. It's included phenomenal speakers like the CEO of Starbucks, Kevin Johnson, and also the CEO of Accenture, Julie Sweet, many more. 
And as the virus continued to spread throughout March, we also got a call from Governor Gina Raimondo of Rhode Island. Gina is amazing. She needed a way to manage her critical contact tracing, which would enable her state's health department to track the virus as it spread and isolate anyone exposed. So this became an opt-in manual process where a citizen can report that they've been tested for COVID-19 and identify anyone else they've been in contact with. Even those contacts can be notified of their potential exposure to the virus and isolate themselves. And Governor Raimondo inspired us to build an app that manage this process, scale efficiently and reliably. We're on the phone with her many times. And so we did it in just a few weeks on the Salesforce Platform. And in addition to Rhode Island, today, we're now helping more than 30 states reduce the spread of COVID-19, including Maryland and Massachusetts, Kentucky, Louisiana, California, and great cities in our country like New York City and other countries, too. This is an incredibly important effort. We're developing the contact tracing app for Rhode Island, we saw -- we need to deliver several products now to mitigate the spread of the virus, and we needed to do it rapidly but not only for our public sector clients but for our commercial clients as well. 
Customers are asking for automation to facilitate the return to work safely, including this contact tracing, shift scheduling, workforce assessment, a command center for the crisis, and this was the genesis of our Work.com platform, which has rapidly become a significant part of our public sector pipeline and actually a meaningful part of our overall pipeline. We've been hugely surprised. 
And while all of this was happening, we also delivered $4.87 billion in revenue, up 30% year-over-year. We delivered $1.86 billion in operating cash flow. Now that was down slightly year-over-year to many of the actions that I just reviewed in response to the pandemic. And as I mentioned earlier, we also provided some customers temporary financial flexibility. We also incurred some incremental business expenses, such as the onetime commission guarantee for our sales team that I mentioned. But we expect these expenses to be largely or, I would say, wholly encapsulated in the first quarter. 
We have great confidence that our investments, we already see it in our employees, our customers, our communities in the first quarter, well, they're benefiting us. They're benefiting us now in the short term, the long term with tremendous strength and tremendous growth. And for the fiscal year 2021, we're updating our guide to approximately $20 billion, representing 17% projected growth year-over-year. And we believe this guide is very appropriate, given the current biological and economic environment worldwide. 
Our ability to execute globally with speed through the adverse conditions of March and April, well, I'll tell you, that gave us tremendous confidence we can operate successfully in any environment at any time. It was incredible. We demonstrated that we have the ability to innovate and meet rapidly changing customer demands and needs under any circumstance. And the last few months affirm the strengths we have in our amazing customer relationships and our ability to innovate at scale and operate across different industries and geographies, companies of all sizes. 
And with Customer 360, well, it was clear to us, we have the most complete CRM product portfolio to enable digital transformation of any company. I was excited to see in the quarter and for the seventh year in a row, IDC has ranked Salesforce as the #1 CRM. We gained more share in 2019. And we're now seeing continuous improvement in our business, in our bookings and our pipeline month-to-date. But we've been really surprised by our pipeline growth. It's been incredible. And our pipelines for the second quarter and the fiscal year are really strong. I've been on more sales calls with more CEOs in the last 2 months than at any time in my career. And there's universal agreement among them. Digital transformation, well, this isn't a want to have. It's a must have. Companies and organizations and governments around the world have a digital transformation imperative like never before. 
And many are accelerating their plans for digital-first work-from-anywhere environment. For example, in Q1, we signed an incredible and extensive deal with AT&T. With the vision of AT&T Communications CEO Jeff McElfresh, incredible executive, somebody who's just been completely inspiring to me. Well, AT&T is moving to a highly accelerated digital-first world to deliver the most amazing 5G service with an incredible connected experience for their millions of customers and subscribers across every customer touch point. 
And this includes their media properties such as DIRECTV and HBO and Turner Sports and more. But with Salesforce, AT&T will further extend this vision of a single view of their customer, single source of truth really. With every customer touch point, federated on Customer 360 across retail sales and call centers, on messaging and online and in-home service and more, only Salesforce could do that, every customer touch point. The AT&T truck pulls up to my office or my home, that's going to be Salesforce. And I walk into the AT&T store, and that's going to be Salesforce. And I'm getting an e-mail from AT&T, that's going to be Salesforce. And I'm on the phone with the AT&T call center, that's going be Salesforce. And we're going to make sure that they have that Customer 360 in hand.
And I'll tell you, when we're integrating all that data, well, MuleSoft is going to connect AT&T's different back end systems. Tableau is giving them the ability to understand customer preferences. Einstein is going to help them serve more intelligent recommendations and root service cases. I was on the phone just yesterday with Jeff McElfresh reviewing the incredible progress of the project. And it was clear to me, this is going to empower AT&T to drive more value and build stronger relationships with every customer. And we're going to begin deploying this with Jeff and his team to AT&T's employees very, very shortly, our goal is by the end of July, and then to tens of thousands of users in the third quarter. 
We're thrilled to have also significantly expanded our 15-year partnership with Standard Bank Group, the largest bank in Africa. It operates across 20 markets. It's an incredibly important bank to the African economy. Standard Bank is going to leverage the full power of our Customer 360, including the Financial Services Cloud, the Commerce Cloud, Marketing Cloud, MuleSoft and Einstein, to provide that single view of the customer, to build personalized customer journeys and deliver amazing client experiences in retail banking across all channels. 
And when the livelihoods of Zions Bank customers were threatened by COVID-19, well, the Utah-based bank turned to Salesforce and Customer 360 to virtually support a high volume of loan requests. They're using our customer communities and our Service Cloud to facilitate conversation with customers, automate applications processes, provide tracking and visibility to customers waiting for their loans. Zions Bank stood up its loan application portal in 7 days. Even though it's the 38th largest bank in the U.S., it became the ninth largest distributor of SBA Payroll Protection Program funds in Round 1 using Salesforce's Customer 360 platform. 
One of our ISV partners, nCino, well, they built an end-to-end solution for federal SBA CARES Act loans for small businesses all on Salesforce, and it processed more than $35 billion in loan applications for its banking customers, including Keybanc; IBERIABANK; the world's largest credit union, the Navy Federal Credit Union, all running on Salesforce Customer 360. And one of the unique aspects of COVID-19's crisis has been deepening our ties with the local and federal governments around the world. Public sector action has never been greater. I mean I can't believe how many phone calls I've been on with governors. In the public sector, a number of our government customers, agencies, if you will, they chose Salesforce in the quarter to begin helping them address COVID-19-related issues, including some of the very largest federal agencies. At the state level, we formed a new relationship with the State of California's Office of Emergency Services. They implemented Salesforce to create a public health ordering system, an application that helps the state leverage data for urgently needed public health resource across California to improve customer service. We did it in days. 
And the U.S. Census Bureau, well, they expanded their long-time relationship with Tableau. As the agency's data analysis with visualization platform of choice, Tableau partners with the Census Bureau on mission-critical data applications in support of the 2020 census and beyond, so important. 
Internationally, we also had an incredible deal with Commonwealth of Australia, where we partnered with the National Disability Insurance authority to deliver an improved experience for more than 500,000 participants that are predicated to access disability support by 2025. 
Those are some of the highlights from Q1. Now looking ahead, as much of the world is beginning to move now into phase 2, what we like to call reopening safely, our Work.com platform is going to become a -- well, it's going to fill a huge unmet need. Step-by-step, we're seeing the economy is starting to come back to life. Salesforce is also beginning to reopen its offices, first throughout Asia. It has to be done safely. It's got to be done responsibly, and it's going to be a complex process. 
In the new normal, businesses are going to have a new lifestyle, a new lifestyle of masks and PPE, a new lifestyle of taking people's temperatures and enforcing social distancing standards, a new lifestyle of testing and contact tracing and a new lifestyle of wellness assessments to mitigate interaction with the virus. You can see some of the photos on my Twitter feed of our employees entering some of our offices, looks very different than it did just 90 days ago. We're going to need a command center to monitor return-to-work readiness. They're going to need shift scheduling because businesses are not going to bring everyone back at once. They're not all coming back at once that you're going to need social distancing. And you're going to need tools for emergency response management, and you're going to need expert perspectives from renowned experts because this is changing on a regular basis. 
And from our incredible ecosystem and tools and workforce re-skilling, well, we bundled all that in to this Work.com suite. You can see it at Work.com. You can see what we built, how we're starting to roll it out, who our partners are. It's a platform for enabling our customers to reopen safely. And because it's built on our Customer 360 platform, we're able to spin up this entirely new generation of apps in a matter of weeks. Amazing. 
And I just have to give credit where credit is due, to Governor Gina Raimondo, Rhode Island. It was her call to us early on in the crisis that inspired us to build Work.com. She was the visionary that said, "We need information technology to mitigate what's happening with the virus until we have a vaccine." Well, I'll tell you, at times, even though we have nearly 52,000 people at Salesforce, creating Work.com felt like many of our early start-up days with the speed and scrappiness, the laser-focused execution of our management team. It was -- this was the best I've ever seen Salesforce. 
And we're already returning to work. We're starting to see the return on this investment now. It's amazing. In a very short time, Work.com has generated an enormous interest from businesses and governments at every level, from our partnerships. And with Work.com, well, we deepened those partnerships with the world's largest systems integrators, including Accenture and Deloitte, the PwC and IBM, and many of our partners are now building solutions on Work.com as well. 
Now it's incredible to see what they've done with risk management and compliance and business continuity. And just yesterday, Workday announced that it's going to integrate its employee data directly into Work.com to make it easier for employers to centralize critical data and get their businesses up and running again. We've enabled and trained all of our salespeople worldwide to be able to talk to our customers on how to reopen safely with Work.com. 
I've been thrilled, and I'm so thrilled also especially in my Workday partnership with Aneel. Well, that's just an amazing company, make Work.com even more valuable to so many of our joint customers. So thank you, Aneel, for that. 
In the months ahead, I expect Work.com's ecosystem to rapidly become even more robust with even more relevant solutions. I've had so many of our customers contact us on how they can integrate their own product into Work.com. That's so cool. And as we move deeper into phase 2, Work.com is going to become extremely important to all of our customers. We've learned from this crisis, just as we have every time we have been faced with major challenges, well, we saw once again how our values create value. We've seen how our agility and our beginner's mind has enabled us to quickly pivot and take action. 
And we made investments during Q1 to confront this once-in-a-generation calamity, focusing on our employees, delivering relevant innovation for customers and supporting our communities with PPE and grants and technology. Well, we could do all this because of proven strength and sustainability of our extraordinary business model and our extraordinary technology and our extraordinary Ohana. We know that when we invest in all of our stakeholders, we're building the trust, the relationships, the innovation and our business for the long term. Pandemic has shown that digital is a lifeblood for every organization, whether you're a public sector, state, country or whether you're a commercial organization or a nonprofit or an NGO. The new normal, phase 3, it's going to require organizations of all sizes, shapes, geographies, well, everyone is going to have to adopt new ways of conducting themselves and especially their customer relationships, especially their sales and service, especially their marketing and commerce and especially new ways of collaborating and re-skilling workers. Every company is going to have to digitally transform. 
Fortune's recent survey of Fortune 500 companies found 3/4 of CEOs, well, they believe this crisis is going to force their companies to accelerate their technological transformation. I mentioned Jeff McElfresh of AT&T. Well, he's the first one who said that to me. He was the first one who got on the phone with me and said, "We're going to accelerate our digital transformation at AT&T." And I believe that Salesforce has never been more relevant or more mission-critical to more organizations. No one is better positioned than Salesforce to accelerate out of this crisis and bring customers into the new normal. 
Now before I turn it over to Mark, I want to make sure you've heard that Gavin Patterson, the former CEO of BT Group and our current President and CEO of International, will be our new President and Chief Revenue Officer beginning August 1. And you've already heard of one of Gavin's amazing deals, and I hope he'll talk about that later on the call. But I'm so thrilled to have Gavin as a member of the team. He's just an amazing executive. We've been friends for many years, and he's already had a huge impact on our company and on our management team and I could not be happier for Gavin. But I couldn't be happier for Salesforce and all of our Ohana, that we're able to have his experience and his capability as part of our organization. And with that, I'll turn it over to you, Mark.

Well, that's such a good question, and I'll tell you that, of course, Dreamforce has been such an incredible part of our culture, that we're all going to miss Dreamforce this year. But you may see that we've already started some amazing things online and we're getting some phenomenal results. In fact, as I mentioned, we've already had more than 75 million views, and I think we're having, almost soon, 100 million views of our Leading Through Change program. And I don't know if you've had the opportunity to watch or participate in Leading Through Change, but it's been incredible. 
And that type of virtual program, I believe, is very much going to be something that is going to be a permanent part of our culture. We really have been able to inspire our customers and our employees, all of our Ohana, including our account executives, and enable them with these programs. And while we're certainly going to miss being together at Dreamforce this year, and that's not something that, well, any of us could have imagined just 90 days ago, I think that we now see a very clear path to be able to have virtual events, build pipeline, build community, build brand, create and deliver new products. And I have a lot of confidence in our ability to execute without a physical Dreamforce this year. 
And not just Dreamforce, by the way. We -- as Mark mentioned, we canceled all of our physical events for this year, and we had to pay an extremely large amount of cancellation fees that all got cost into that first quarter number. And so all those world tours and all these other amazing events, we do 1,000 events a year, we're just moving as many of them to the virtual programs as well. And not just the big events, there's lots of small things happening. So we've got a whole new playbook that we're executing. It's a great question. Thank you.

Well, I'll give you the beginning of the answer. And then I have been very fortunate this quarter to have Brian Millham running our global distribution organization. He's also running it in the second quarter while we're bringing Gavin onboard. And Brian has been with us for more than 20 years. Many of you know Brian. He's really been the heart and soul of our distribution culture. He's just done a phenomenal job this quarter. 
And I think that what we see reminds us a lot of -- over a lot of different times in the last 20 years of Salesforce, where you have to have a full portfolio of products and deals, small, medium and large, that there's an ebb and flow. You're never going to make your number on all large deals or all small deals. You have to have a portfolio of transactions, and you have to have that across geographies, product segments, verticals. And that's one thing I've been super proud of the distribution organization, their ability to deliver that. And then you see that start to manifest in these really strong pipeline. So Brian, do you want to comment on that?

Well, thanks. I'm going to have Bret Taylor comment on that because he and I were just talking about that today. We've been so inspired by kind of connecting to the first question, how a lot of our programs that we put in place. And I'll tell you the 4 dimensions that we've been really focusing on. Of course, we have a very large-scale distribution organization. I would say it's more than half of our company. You think about that in terms of all the customer-facing organization and it's -- number one, the most important thing is to have everyone, especially when you move to an at-home environment, participating. Participation has been mission-critical, and that's really where we focus. 
What percentage of those sales and service professionals, managers, executives are out there and really working with customers, and this is an unusual environment. That provided an opportunity for lots of new training, new -- kind of new ideas, new programs. And the second thing is to enable them with that, to train them and also introduce them to these new technologies, these products. The third thing that was absolutely critical after participation and enablement, making sure that they have a relevant position. I'm sure for many of you, as this crisis kind of unfolded, you didn't have something relevant to say, we didn't have a lot of time for you. And the reality is Salesforce became incredibly relevant to our customers. First, in this core digital transformation, and then next was really how we could provide tremendous value in reopening safely. That became the third leg of our stool. The fourth leg became really critical, the tactical plays and critical aspects of building that pipeline up. So Bret, you've been the architect of all of these things. Can you talk to us about how you put that into place?

Well, I'd really like to open that up to Gavin Patterson, our new Chief Revenue Officer. He's been driving this incredibly strongly from his office in London, and he's going to be moving to San Francisco shortly. You heard about this incredible win that he personally led at this amazing organization called the Standard Bank Group. But Gavin, can you just fill in how you see this market unfolding right now?

Well, I think it's such a good question because, of course, when you are addressing a market with a set of products, capabilities, you're going to have a set of strategies as well as a set of tactics. You're going to have plays as well as products, programs, and you're going to do that differently by geography, different by industry. 
I think we already know that unlike the financial crisis, the way that this has discriminated against different industries is quite different than anything we've ever seen before and has been quite shocking and for some industries, that will take some time for them to recover. In other industries, it's actually been accelerating, and it causes them to grow faster than they anticipated. I mentioned with AT&T. That's obviously a company that will transform itself during this moment to become more digital, to become a stronger, more customer-centric organization. They're going to accelerate into it. 
My personal belief is always that in a moment of crisis, you need to invest through it. Maybe not every company can do that but a lot of companies surprisingly can. That's why you have to offer a full portfolio of capabilities. I really saw all that come together in the first quarter. I was really impressed with the bookings that we achieved in the first quarter. As it kind of started to get crazy in the middle of March, I was like, "Wow, what is going to happen at the end of March and then through April?" Well, this was the best of Salesforce. This was the best I've ever seen Salesforce perform. I mean it was just incredible to see all of our Ohana, the sales organization, service, engineering, across the board. 
And then in the second quarter, well, as I mentioned, I'm already really, really inspired by the bookings numbers that I started to see and the pipeline numbers. So we're quite optimistic about what the future is going to look like for us. And Brian, do you want to fill in a couple of details for us?

Well, I'd really like to turn it back over to Gavin for a second and Brian and have them address the customer environment that we're seeing. And then maybe Bret could fill in the details on the pipeline as well. Gavin?

Brian, do you want to fill that in?

Bret?

And I'd like to just kind of give the closing words to -- I'd love to have Amy Weaver give us the closing words on her -- because she's been involved in so many of our customer discussions. And Amy, can you fill in exactly how you -- how do you see the situation moving forward?

Parker, love for you to wrap it up. You've had the full perspective of 21 years, and you've done a phenomenal job developing and delivering Work.com and Customer 360. Can you give us your words of wisdom?

Okay. Back to you, Evan.