Okay. Thanks so much, Evan, and we're thrilled to be on the call with you today, and this has been such a challenging time. Our hearts have been broken. We've heard so many stories of pain and distress across the world. And for us, this really -- this moment is actually quite humbling, quite bittersweet. It reminds us that at Salesforce, business is the greatest platform for change, that we're really here to be a great example of stakeholder capitalism, to really show how we're able to deliver a phenomenal return for our shareholders as well as for our stakeholders.
And in many ways, this quarter really is a victory for stakeholder capitalism. It's been not only about our core values but also about our core products. It's about showing how our Customer 360 has been a platform for change for so many of our customers, and I'm going to talk about that briefly before I turn it over to Mark. But also, our company has been a platform for change to the communities who have needed us most. And I'm thrilled to deliver such a great return to our shareholders and also to our stakeholders.
Certainly, when we look at this quarter with more than $5.15 billion in revenue and our highest operating margin ever to over 20%, or when we look at just simple aspects of our operational excellence like the 63% increase in 7-figure deals from a year ago, well, it really indicates to us one thing, which is that values really bring value. 
It reminds me of a story that we really started last quarter with AT&T. Now AT&T is an amazing company, a leader in the communications industry. And they have a tremendous visionary with Jeff McElfresh, who is the CEO of AT&T Wireless. And I'll tell you, the thing that's interesting about AT&T is that they have a huge vision. And that vision is that every single customer touch point, whether it's their stores, whether it's their e-commerce, their app, whether it's getting a message from them, well, in each and single customer touch point, they want to know you as a customer. They want to have a single source of truth. And that's the deal that we've signed, obviously, in February. And I was thrilled that this quarter, we've deployed now hundreds of stores and the first 35,000 users. And so I'll tell you, at this moment in time, there's never been a time when we've had to go faster. We've had to deliver customer success faster, and we've had to be there for our customers. And I'm absolutely thrilled to deliver that success for AT&T.
I also look at another incredible win in the quarter with PayPal. This is a tremendous organization that's really at the right time, at the right place because we really need contactless payments. We all know that. So to see them have such great success with our Sales Cloud and our Service Cloud, to see their CEO, Dan Schulman, embrace us so deeply, and our vision for having a one-on-one relationship with Journey is so powerful.
Another incredible victory in the quarter has really been Work.com. There's a product that -- I don't think there's a product that we've ever built faster, but it's never been more successful, more rapidly. And you look at so many success stories, public sector organizations and enterprises because, today, in the middle of this pandemic, everyone needs contact tracing, they need shift scheduling. Everybody needs a workforce command center to try to bring everyone back safely. Well, Work.com is delivering that. Just look at the results at the University of Kentucky, for example. It's a difficult situation for a university to bring all these students back, and we're thrilled to partner with them with Work.com.
And I look at so many other customers and so many other success stories during the quarter, whether it was TWC or VF Corp or great public sector wins like the Veterans Administration or the State of Rhode Island. We look internationally at tremendous victories like Banco Bradesco. Just had a great conversation with their CEO, Octavio de Lazari. Tremendous vision for the future of financial services and how customers are the most important things today to go faster for their bank.
And ultimately, I guess, the most proud I was during the entire quarter was when we delivered an additional $20 million to our San Francisco and Oakland public schools, bringing our total contributions to $118 million to our local public schools. But one thing that's still important right now is their need to be able to enter into distance learning. So it's that idea that we've been able to do well and do good at the same time, that this has really been a victory for stakeholder capitalism to show that we can build a great company. But we not only have great core values, but we have great core products.
So I just want to give my sincere thanks and gratitude to everyone who has such a great success during the quarter, our customers, our employees, our partners, all of our key stakeholders.
And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Mark.

Well, thanks, Heather, for that question. We started this quarter 54,000 remote employees working at home. We knew that we had to make a number of changes. We knew that it was going to be critical for us to reshape our company, that this was a moment in time that you basically had to make a decision. Are you going to keep things the way they were? Or are you going to change? Or are you going to shift? And we made a decision that we were going to change and we were going to shift. We shifted our operational values very aggressively. And as we change those operational values, we started to see momentum build.
We called that out on the beginning of the call after Q1, where we saw pipeline starting to increase for the second quarter and the third quarter. And it really was that as we piled in and doubled down on these core operational values, we got much closer to our customers. We understood that if we were going to succeed at a moment like this, we are going to have to be closer to our customer than ever before, that we're going to have to change a lot of aspects of the company. And as we made those adjustments, we saw the speed increase right up to the end of the quarter. And that was just really powerful.
I mean as I said, this moment is both humbling and bittersweet. This has been such a challenging time for us, for our families. And then to see these amazing results, it's just incredible. I mean, honestly, I just can't believe everything from just the delivery of all of our teams. The technology teams just did a fantastic job. The engineering team. You look at what happened with Work.com, I mean, it's incredible, and it's been so important for so many businesses to get back to work safely. But now that we brought it to schools to help schools get back to work safely as well, we're doing that in a paid fashion. We're doing that in a nonprofit fashion.
So this is really a moment where I say values bring value. This is about us really paying attention, as I said, to our core products and our core values. And that's really the accelerator.
And when I look at some of the success stories that I went through, I mean, there's so many, but one that's been very powerful for our whole company is watching what Gina Raimondo has done at the State of Rhode Island. She's even addressed the entire company. She's an amazing governor of this incredible state. And she came to us and said, we're going to make our state safe. There's things that we're going to have to do. Of course, everybody is going to have to wear masks. But we're going to have to increase our testing. We're going to have to be doing tracing. We're going to have to do the shift scheduling. I need a command center. I need to do all these things. And that our teams are able to deliver and help her and 35 other states and so many others. 
That's very, very powerful for us because we all want to get back to how things were, but the reality is that's never going to happen. We're in a new world. We're in an all-digital world with the work digitally. We're living digitally. We're educating digitally. And that means we're going to have to make these adjustments.
And Bret, do you want to just talk about that and how the engineering organization has kind of responded?

Gavin, we just had a tremendous meeting with Banco Bradesco with Octavio de Lazari. We've also met with so many other customers. I met with one of your customers late last night in France. It was morning for them, a huge CTG company. I mean we're seeing so much transformation with the customers and desire for speed. And also, they're all paying attention to their ESGs as well and aligning from a position of stakeholder capitalism.
Gavin, can you give us some illumination about what you're seeing from the customer base?

Well, thank you, Gavin, and welcome, by the way, to the team officially. I know you've been with us now for about a year, but now you're officially in the role of running as our Chief Revenue Officer. We couldn't be more thrilled, and we're absolutely delighted to have you as part of the team.
Amy, we also saw a lot of action in the public sector. I mentioned a few of them, but there are so many more stories. Could you highlight a little bit about what we saw in public sector during the quarter? You're on mute, Amy.

Well, this is such a great question. I really appreciate it. I guess this is the third major crisis, or maybe fourth, that I've been through as the CEO of Salesforce. And in each crisis, things are different. But one thing that isn't different is that each one has been an accelerator in the future, that each crisis tends to bring us to the future faster. And that appears to be what's happening here.
Look, I'm speaking to you from my home. Each of my executives are in their home. I'm looking to the screen that looks like the Brady Bunch with little video images of all of them, Gavin in London and Amy in San Francisco and so forth. And it's quite complicated that we're -- we see this continual advancement and acceleration. But you have to, as a CEO, take a moment and ask yourself, how are you going to change? I kind of alluded to that.
And I think that your question about Dreamforce is so important because I can't tell you how many people I get on the phone with, well, what is Dreamforce? We're ready for Dreamforce. But there is no Dreamforce in 2020. We know that. We're not all heading to San Francisco next month, where Metallica is not playing. We're not all going to be going in the keynote room. And yes, we're grieving that. There's a grief, and there's a sadness that we're not all together. We love being together as one Ohana, our employees, our customers, our investors. We have a big Investor Day, we're all in a big room at the St. Regis Hotel, and Mark Hawkins is holding court with everyone. And there is no such thing this year. So it's sad.
And will we all be back together again? I hope so. Am I sure? I don't really know. I mean this is my first pandemic. I mean we're in a global pandemic. We're dealing with a virus that is -- has a lot of unusual characteristics. So we've made changes at Salesforce that we now are advising our clients to make, how to get their employees to participate. And we have 54,000 employees. For us to achieve these results, everybody has to be on the field and playing the game. We have to also give them the incentive to play, to train them, to keep them motivated.
I think I've mentioned this to you before, but every week since the pandemic has started, we've had an all-hands call where we have all 54,000 people on a telephone call or Zoom, and we're talking to them around the world and giving them like a play-by-play for the week. That hasn't happened since we were like a 10-person company, a 100-person company. That's what little start-ups do. That's not what companies who are entering the Dow will do. That -- this is like, whoa, this is like a moment. So we're reimagining our business.
Also, we've had to reimagine our relevance. That's why we built Work.com because we realize that our customers need us to show up to be relevant to them. That's why we built Salesforce Anywhere because we realize our customers have to sell and service and market anywhere. That's why we built the Leading Through Change program. You may have noticed, we put over 200 million people who are Leading Through Change far bigger than anything we've ever done with Dreamforce. I just watched the one that just happened. It was amazing. And many other things.
It's another level of enablement, for example, like do you know that 1/3 of our employees are reporting mental health challenges? I'm sure a number of people on this call are having mental health issues or know people who are having mental health issues in this pandemic. That's why every day, we've been doing a B-Well Together call. If you go to YouTube, you'll find mental health resources. We've never had to publish mental health resources before at this velocity and this scale. It's amazing.
Or I think I've mentioned to you, like, we bought 60 million (sic) [ 50 million ] pieces of personal protective equipment. We didn't know what personal protective equipment was. It's amazing. We also retrained everyone with Trailhead to become a ranger. And we're doubling down on that, making sure that every employee is trained.
And you know that Tableau, which, by the way, I don't know if we mentioned it, I mean, with such a genius CEO, Adam Selipsky, who runs that. And I think it's going to be the best acquisition ever done in the history of the software industry, most successful, certainly. And they built this incredible data hub. If you haven't seen it, you should go to Tableau data hub, which you can find on public.tableau.com, which has amazing visualizations of everything that's -- and I just mentioned to you that I just did a major management team presentation digitally in Europe. I mean we're constantly talking to our customers in new ways at scales we could never have imagined. So it also gives us the ability to have accountability with our distribution organization, which is of scale.
We're not a subscale organization. We are a scaled enterprise software company. We are able to compete effectively, as evidenced by these numbers with any enterprise software company that's on the field today. And we're able to manage our distribution organization and go-to-market in ways that have a level of acuity that we did not have before. I mean it's powerful.
When you add it all up, participation and enablement and relevance and the tactical plays and then the values that we apply, our core values, well, we're a different company. This has changed us. The pandemic has changed us. We're not the same that we were. These aren't even the same players on the call that we're talking to you at the beginning of all of this. So that's really amazing. And I think that these results are evidence of that.
And where we'll be a quarter from now or 2 quarters from now or a year from now or 2 years from now, we don't know. But our intention is the same, which is we're helping our customers to connect with their customers in new ways. We want to be the #1 CRM. We're the #1 in analytics. We're tightly focused.
We're not all over the field like a lot of our competitors, by the way. A lot of our competitors are everywhere. They're in every market. Some of them are in enterprise and consumer. They're not just in CRM, they're in CRM, they're in ERP, they're public cloud. I mean we're not. We're singularly focused so that we can pick up a call, for example, like we mentioned, like from a Dan Schulman at PayPal. And he says, I need Sales Cloud. I need Service Cloud. I need to integrate everything together. We're going to do that for him.
Or if we look at our success with CVS this quarter, we look at the tremendous -- their leadership team is incredible. Just amazing executives, and how they've come together was epic. So powerful. But -- and they're return-ready product. And then the integration with Work.com, that's an imagination I will never had. And the vision of Jon Roberts and how he's been able to show how this pharmacy can actually be a key player in the pandemic. They're doing 100,000 tests a day. This is awesome that they have to have each one of those tests. It's an on-ramp for customer success. So we have to be there with a vision on how to help that happen.
And I guess another one that really is on my mind has been VF Corp. I mean I love Vans. I wear the North Face almost every day, the jacket, fleeces. It's cold where I am. And I'll tell you, and I think it's our largest Commerce Cloud deal ever. Maybe not customer because we tend to talk about deals and then we forget about how big these other customers are getting, but it's a great company, and they're doing amazing things. I also was especially impressed with how Under Armour flipped on our Commerce Cloud and flipped off the old technology this quarter. That was really powerful. I mean we have to act with a level of speed and capability with our customers who we've never been called on before.
So look, it's continuing to unfold. We all know that. We're doing the best that we can. Our hearts are with those who are going through serious challenges. So very much -- this is a moment that is very much humbling and bittersweet. And we're just continuing to focus on business as the greatest platform for change, our products have to be that platform for change, our values need to be the platform for change. We know what role we play in our industry. We know that we are a light, and that we have to continue to be that light, especially during these difficult times.

Well, sure. Let me just touch on some of that at a very high level, and then let me ask Bret to comment as well. But you're right, Service Cloud had a record Q2. It continues to grow at 20%. I don't know. The numbers are huge. The revenues are huge. The growth rate is huge. It's now larger than Sales Cloud. It continues to grow on all fronts, including year-over-year revenue growth. You saw that new innovations. The engineering team has done a fantastic job. The products, that's amazing.
Vlocity has added a lot to Service Cloud. They have built a lot on Service Cloud as another layer of value on Service Cloud. And in the last 6 months, the use of messaging channels on the platform grew more than 600%. I think that Bret really illuminated that in a powerful way. This idea of box growing at 176%; cases logged per day, 33% quarter-over-quarter; conversations at nearly 19 million per day during the quarter. And it's a key part of every deal we do because when you're building a Customer 360 and you're building a single source of truth for your customer, the Service Cloud has to be part of it.
There's plenty of companies that have customer service or help desk or service desk or whatever as the stoke isolated solutions, but that's not our vision. Our vision is to be able to bring together a Customer 360 because, look, like for AT&T, the salesperson in the store needs to be able to work with the field service professional at home, has to work with the service professional in the call center. It's all interrelated. And that's why PayPal, for example, is able to get done because its sales and service together -- by the way, combined with marketing, combined with all their other systems through MuleSoft, combined with analytics at Tableau. 
So anyway, Bret, would you like to comment here and it might illuminate your vision around that?

Bret, can you take that for us?

Well, I really appreciate that question because I'll tell you that we're so fortunate to be able to acquire Tableau last year. It is one of the world's leading enterprise software companies, probably one of the most loved brands. The ability to see and understand data, the ability to build these compelling visualizations like you see in the public domain like at public.tableau.com. But I think the parts that you don't really know are that when we talk to so many companies, they've gone wall-to-wall with Tableau. And doing those types of deals, that's very exciting because Tableau is analytics for the rest of us. We are always in the analytics business, of course, either through Sales Cloud. We've had dashboards and reports, which were great, but very much about kind of they exist, this reporting out of Sales Cloud, or we had Einstein Analytics, which is incredible, but it's super advanced AI, highly programmatic and very enterprise class. 
This is a capability that means that 3 companies can deploy analytics easily. It's a simple, easy-to-use and easy-to-understand product. I'm sure a lot of you use it. Plus you can build these amazing visualizations plus it has this incredible culture, this brand, this community. They call themselves the Datafam. It's awesome. And they are an incredible group. And they also delivered a great quarter, which impacts us. Mark can talk about how that impacts us. But let me tell you how it impacts me. It's when I talk to somebody like Bob Moritz, who's the CEO of PwC, which was one of our largest deals in the quarter, but it's also what PwC says, that's going to be our new analytics platform.
And so many conversations with so many companies who have made the decision that now that Tableau as part of Salesforce, they see how this has become part of our Customer 360. And there's a lot of new innovation, a lot of the exciting stuff coming for Tableau, and you'll see that with their incredible announcements that are coming.
But Mark, can you just fill in? How does it impact us on a financial basis?

And I'll also just say -- and I think, Mark, comment here for a second. MuleSoft. We're 2 years in with MuleSoft. Here's another -- this has been a game changer for us because it's the heart and soul of Customer 360. The ability to say to customers with authenticity, we're going to integrate everything for you and bring in all your legacy systems and put APIs on top of them and give you this tremendous capability. These 2 companies together, this is a huge accelerator on our business that they're both working so well.
Mark, can you extend that thought?

Bret, would you like to take that?

Well, thanks. I mean, certainly, we're seeing a very interesting environment in the market, in M&A and IPO. And I think that for a company like Salesforce, we don't really see an M&A environment. These are not -- we're not in a moment. I honestly feel like we're very lucky that we were able to pick up MuleSoft and Tableau when we did because they were both public companies. Today, you can do the math. We would not have been able to buy them. There's no way, no how. It wouldn't have worked for us financially. So we're not in a good M&A environment. I just don't see it. Maybe things could change. Of course, things always are changing. But I think this isn't part of our plan right now. We don't see that. We really see focusing on our business, focusing on these operational values, executing our business.
Look, we always maintain a beginner's mind. You know that. But the reality is, right now, this is about our own execution. We've made these 2 major players to extend and complement our Customer 360, and that's what we're focused on.