Thanks, Marc, and thank you very much for those kind words. It's been my greatest honor to be part of Salesforce over the last 7 years. When I first joined the company in 2013, we were generating $4 billion in revenue, amazingly about the same amount that we just delivered in this last quarter. And now we are a global enterprise company guiding to more than $21 billion in FY '21 with a focus on industries and speaking the language of the customer.
We have the market's leading enterprise software ecosystem, and we are now the trusted adviser for digital transformation for CEOs all over the world. It's a tremendous accomplishment, but I'm ready to start a new chapter. I'm very grateful to our employees, our customers, our partners and certainly, this community, our investors, and working side-by-side with you, Marc, as well the rest of this great management team has been one of the most fulfilling experiences of my career. I will be forever grateful for our friendship, so I appreciate that, and I'm very proud of the incredible growth trajectory the company is on. I'm excited that I'm going to be working together with Marc in my role as an adviser, so I'm grateful for that as well.
This quarter and year have really been a capstone of my time at Salesforce, and now I'd like to share some of the impressive highlights from the quarter. In Q4, we grew 32% in the Americas, 28% in APAC and 47% in EMEA in constant currency. Now that includes our recent acquisitions. And at the close of FY '20, the number of Salesforce customers spending $20 million annually grew 34%.
Let me share a few key examples of the strategic relationships that we've been building with our customers in these markets and how we've become a trusted digital adviser across industries, geographies and segments. Volkswagen Group, the #1 manufacturer of cars in the world is partnering with Salesforce to transform how they deliver personalized experiences to their dealers, employees and end consumers. Leveraging Salesforce, Volkswagen will have a 360-degree view across their 12 brands. It's pretty incredible, a single source of truth for customer engagement.
Transformation is also one of 3M's top strategic business priorities, and over the last several years, we've been partnering to transform how they serve their customers. Part of that strategy, 3M significantly invested in our Customer 360 solutions in the fourth quarter to increase productivity, drive business growth and enhance the customer experience.
St. James's Place, the U.K.'s largest wealth manager, also expanded its relationship with Salesforce significantly. SJP is going wall to wall with Salesforce, leveraging Financial Services Cloud, Einstein Analytics, MuleSoft and more, all to transform how their advisers engage with clients. And many of our existing relationships in Europe deepened as well, including with Enel and adidas.
Now APAC. We had an outstanding quarter driven by remarkable growth in Japan, where we deepened our relationships with Toyota and Mizuho Financial Group. And we continue to strengthen our relationship with Telstra, Australia's largest telco. In the fourth quarter, our industry vertical solutions continued to deliver tremendous value to customers, and as Marc said, Vlocity will be an incredible addition for building out the industry solution. So I think we're all very, very excited about that.
In health care, Cerner chose Health Cloud to power their Client 360 project, and they're also partnering with us to sell Salesforce to their health care clients. Financial services also showed strong momentum in the quarter. Long-time customer Farmers Insurance added Financial Services Cloud and Einstein Analytics to empower their agents to deliver even more responsive and personalized experiences to their 15 million policyholders across the United States. We began a new relationship with Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, CIBC, and expanded with many of the top banks in the U.S. and around the world, including Goldman Sachs, Banco Bradesco, Banco Santander and ANZ Bank. 
Deluxe went wall to wall with Salesforce to improve customer insight, ignite innovation and drive toward its goal of selling all products and services to all customers. Deluxe is also partnering with Salesforce to offer Salesforce Essentials, the world's #1 CRM product purpose built for small businesses to its approximately 4.5 million customers.
As we continue to highlight, our partners play a critical role in our customers' transformations and are investing more in Salesforce to drive their own growth. In Q4, Deloitte expanded their use of Service Cloud and Sales Cloud and made new investments in Quip, Analytics, Einstein and My Trailhead. And our partner ecosystem continues to thrive. In Q4, the number of new partners with apps on the Salesforce AppExchange increased 45% year-over-year and app installs exceeded 7.5 million.
As you know, in Q3, we concluded the largest acquisition in our history with Tableau. As Marc said, we're pleased with how well Tableau has performed over the year and certainly in Q4. Tableau had significant wins, including 3 of the world's biggest brands in the Internet and retail spaces, 2 of which are at the top of the Fortune 100. And Toyota, Enel and Volkswagen all chose MuleSoft, by the way, in the quarter, to unlock data and accelerate their digital transformations.
So in closing, it's been an incredible privilege to work with an amazing group of people here at Salesforce. It's an extraordinary, inspirational company that truly, truly lives its values more important in this world today than I think ever. And I have no doubt that Marc and this amazing Salesforce team will continue to deliver customer success and serve as a beacon of light and a leader in the industry.
So again, I want to thank our employees, our customers, our partners and certainly our investors for your support. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Mark Hawkins.

So Keith, thanks for the kind words. I'll address the first part, and obviously, Marc can talk about the second one. Look, I think the numbers kind of speak for themselves, and I would say that the setup -- the company is clearly executing and set up for success and scaling at a great pace, so I think the future is very, very bright. As they say in Washington, D.C., the state of the union is strong, so I think we all feel very, very confident about that.
With respect to the coronavirus, I'm sure Marc will have some comments on that, but it's not affecting us right now. Certainly, we're concerned. We're watching to see what happens here. And we're empathetic to those who it is affecting. But overall, I think we are -- the company is in a terrific spot, and I think we're all proud of the results here.

Thank you, Marc.

Well, I think you know it's always been a passion of mine and certainly of Marc's that we had a huge focus on speaking the language of the customer and the importance of industries. Approximately 3 years ago, we launched some incredible innovation with Financial Services Cloud as well as our Health Cloud. And we had some amazing wins in the quarter associated with both of those.
Now when you think about the capability of Vlocity and what Vlocity brings to the table, I mean this is an organization of people who've been in the industry for a long time. Marc mentioned David Schmaier. They have deep, deep, deep industry and domain expertise. So this will really strengthen and accelerate and broaden the capabilities that Salesforce has in the verticals. And when you really think about speaking the language of the customers and the importance of these verticals, this is where you start getting into running the mission-critical processes of a company. And as great as our strategic relationships have been, this will further deepen them. So I think it's an incredible acquisition. I think it's going to be a huge add to the company. There's no question that our joint customers pre-acquisition view this as very, very close partners. So I'm very, very optimistic about the impact that Vlocity will have on the company.

Yes, Marc, I would just add, Kash, the -- we all work hard here but we all work hard as an executive team and a management team. And sitting around this table, one of the things that I think everybody would say is that we all care about our customers and everybody sells. It's not just one person. And I've been around a lot of go-to-market teams, as you know, and there's no question, this is the finest one in the industry. It's certainly the finest one I've ever seen. So I think what I believe is that we've got a team that is clearly executing in Q4 and ready to execute in Q1 and beyond. And it's enormously talented and motivated. So this is not about one person. This is about a machine and a culture that was launched by Marc and Parker nearly 21 years ago, and I'm very confident in their ability to continue this going.