All right. Thank you so much. Really appreciate that, John. And I just want to congratulate our entire company and all of our shareholders and investors on just what has been an outstanding Q4. And this has really capped off just a truly record year for Salesforce.
This is -- it also had just been an outstanding quarter of growth. You can see that we have propelled Salesforce over $10 billion revenue milestone, and we couldn't be more excited about that and having that fiscal year behind us because now, our vision has never been bigger or more exciting as we have a very clear trajectory to $20 billion in revenue. No other enterprise software company has achieved this scale faster. Certainly, no other enterprise cloud applications company has achieved this scale faster. And it's our dream to get to $20 billion faster than anyone else. 
It's been a relentless focus on our customer success and not just customer but also all of our community, all of our employees, our customers, our partners, all of our key stakeholders and the development of just an incredible culture that has allowed us to scale this organization and continue to strengthen our position as the world's #1 CRM. 
There's been incredibly strong demand and execution, especially this quarter across every industry, across every region, cloud, all customer segments. And as we get through this opening comments, I'm sure you'll all agree this may be perhaps our best quarter ever. We're on a path to exceed $20 billion faster than any other enterprise software company in history and we're all very proud of that. Salesforce is #1 today in CRM, which is the fastest growing segment of the enterprise software industry. 
Fiscal year '18 revenues finalized out at $10.48 billion, up 25%, and that 25% obviously dramatically above where we thought we were going to be when we first gave you a forecast more than a year ago. 24% in constant currency, we're delighted with that result. Q4 revenue of $2.85 billion, up 24% year-over-year, 21% in constant currency. But perhaps, what we're most excited about and speaks to the velocity of the company, more than $20 billion of booked business on and off the balance sheet, up 40%, and that exceeded our expectations.
Deferred revenue of $7.09 billion, up 28% year-over-year and 25% in constant currency; unbilled deferred revenue up -- of $13.3 billion, up 48% year-over-year. Q4 operating cash flow of $1.05 billion, up 49% year-over-year and fiscal year '18 operating cash flow of $2.74 billion, also up 27% year-over-year. We are also then able to raise our full year fiscal year '19 revenue guidance by $150 million, bringing this up to an expected consistent growth rate projected over the next year of more than 21%.
Great companies do more than create great products and great services. Companies like Salesforce build trust with all of their stakeholders, with our employees, our customers, our partners, our shareholders, all of our community, or as we say at Salesforce, our Ohana, our family. That's how we're running Salesforce from the beginning. We establish trust as our #1 value. 
Putting our values in action. We're making our customers successful and improving the state of the world at the same time. And I have to say it's -- I'm here in New York today. Just went through our Salesforce Tower here in New York. New York is our largest market in the world. Incredibly exciting what's happening here. And when I see all these incredible people working at Salesforce, they're truly the best and brightest that I've seen. It's why we're recognized now by Fortune as the #1 best place to work in the world. That is incredible for us.
And also, Fortune published earlier their Most Admired Company list in the World, and we were ranked the 15th Most Admired Company in the World. And Forbes said we're the most innovative company in the year and Innovator of the Decade. We couldn't be more pleased. And we could not have done it without all of you. We realize that we are all one family working together, and we're very grateful. And we're looking forward to an amazing fiscal year '19 ahead of us. 
So with that now, let me turn this over to Keith Block in San Francisco. And Keith will give you a perspective of how the company is operating. Keith, as you know, is our Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer. Keith?

Well, thanks, Kash and I'll really just start out by congratulating Keith and his whole organization because honestly, I've just never seen a quarter like this. This was a blowout quarter. And just the performance of that organization and their acuity, capability to deliver was shocking to even to me. And it shows up right there in that number. You can see it right there in front of you now. I've been really excited to be able to talk about that with you. More than $20 billion of booked business on and off the balance sheet, up 40%. There is no way we could have said that to you a year ago. That is beyond our expectation. And it really has to do with the performance of the organization, number one. Number two, and this really gets to your point, I think that, and I had dinner last night with 20 Fortune 100 CEOs here in New York, which is one of the reasons that I came to town. And of course, we're all on a very fast-moving economic freight train. We've seen incredible increase in investment activity with our customers, especially accelerated with these tax cuts. That has been amazing to us. But squarely in the center of each and every one of their consciousness is the digital transformation that their company is going through. It doesn't matter if they're a consumer product goods company, CEO or financial services or a retail or any industry or any geography. Every CEO is thinking about their digital transformation. And I think you and I know that every digital transformation begins and ends with the customer. This is very powerful and it's why we have so much activity in our company. Of course, we're the #1 customer company in the world. No other company in the history of the software industry has been as focused on customer relationship management but how companies can have a customer transformation as Salesforce. And this alone, focus, has accelerated our growth. You can see that in the numbers. So certainly, how we finished our year in fiscal year '18 is not where we thought we would start. We raised guidance, I think, almost in each and every quarter. And yet we still ended up above that. And that's why we've raised again here $150 million. This is the most we've ever raised in the history of the company because we're just ahead of where we thought would be. So we are -- obviously, $10 billion is now behind us and $20 billion is ahead of us. And it's our dream. We're going to be the fastest to $20 billion. But when you have $20 billion already on the -- on and off the balance sheet, you know that, that is -- we're a huge step on the way there. So that's what I couldn't be more excited about. The position the company is in, its competitiveness, its ability to perform, the quality of the customer relationships, the quality of the products, the integration of the acquisitions, the culture, Fortune #1 Best Place to Work, all of these things have come together in just a really beautiful way, and I'm extremely grateful.

Yes. Well, I think that the way to think about that is we have a comprehensive integrated approach. And where it makes sense to use infrastructure, for example, in a country like Canada or Singapore, we have tremendous relationships with organizations like Amazon and Google where we're going to do that. Even during the quarter, we've announced that we're going to be using IBM, has become one of our preferred cloud providers. That -- that's appropriate to have our ability to operate proprietary data centers like we do here in the United States. We also use that infrastructure, for example, underneath one of our core platforms, Heroku, as you know, which has become one of the largest application development capabilities in the world. And we are also live on Amazon in Canada and Australia. So we will use the correct provider at the correct time, whether that's us or whether that's Amazon, Google or IBM.

Well, Einstein, let's start there. I mean, we're ahead of our predictions there also, and that's what I've been talking about. We are doing, I think it's more than 1 billion predictions a day with Einstein already. So our systems are dramatically enhanced through our deep machine intelligence, machine learning and deep learning architecture known as Einstein, Salesforce Einstein, which has become a critical part of our CRM, first and foremost, highly differentiated against our competition who has yet to be able to put in artificial intelligence in the quality, capability and scale that we have it deeply integrated into our application set across the board, whether you're using Commerce Cloud like Adidas is, whether you're using Sales Cloud like Cisco is or whether you're using an incredible product like Service Cloud like Intuit is, Einstein is in there now. And customers love it because it just makes their employees better. It's the perfect use case for artificial intelligence, enhancing human performance. And we're going to do a lot more of that. We've only really been at this now for about a year, but it's going far better than we expected, and we'll continue to enhance and extend our artificial intelligence capability. In regards to the overall demand environment, in my personal experiences with Chief Executive Officers over the last month in both international, specifically in Davos, where I was with hundreds of CEOs or in other business forums here domestically, where I've also been with hundreds of CEOs, I can empirically tell you, I have never seen a demand environment like this. I cannot quantify that. I can just tell you that every CEO is using the positive economic environment but also the domestic tax cuts as ways to accelerate their digital transformations. And it is putting it #1 on all of their lists, which it should be. And this is really exciting for us and for others, of course. But for a company like us, we can help these companies get connected with their customers in a whole new way. And that is we have the ability -- we have the great products and we have the distribution capacity to be able to directly address them. I hope that answers your questions, Heather.

Keith, before you jump in on that, I just want Mark to specifically address that because...

But what happens when we blow out a quarter like we did in Q4, Mark? Does that impact then the amount of profit we show for that quarter?

So what you're saying is you'll see if we have a great quarter in expansion, deferred revenue, for example. But in-quarter expense for commission is also [ sales ].

Should we tell Keith then to be selling less? Is that the point?

So we should tell Keith then to go ahead and sell in Q1?

All right, very good. Keith, you can go ahead then and... I think first quarter and if you blow it out again, we're going to -- it's okay, we'll handle it. Go ahead.

Is that for short that Keith had a good quarter?

A very good quarter.

Well, I think that Mark, the analysts are probably -- investors are looking at this and they're seeing, these are percentages that are much higher against companies that we've seen report this week and last week, cloud companies who are dramatically smaller than we are so we're seeing much stronger rates. Is that fair?

Keith, do you want to address that? I mean, coming into the quarter when we were on the earnings call about 90 days ago, you're obviously expecting a good quarter. We gave very strong guidance. How did the quarter play out for you?

Well, I think Bret, let's specifically start with that B2B opportunity, Keith?

I think we can also have Bret touch on that since he is a product of one of our great acquisitions. Bret?

Well, I think we've moved into a new world. This is the Fourth Industrial Revolution. We all know that. We can see the huge advancements in technology in our fingertips, how we're running this call, how all the computers and mobile devices that we're using, the artificial intelligence that we talked about. The autonomous vehicles that I saw going down the street today. There's so many exciting things that are happening, information sciences and biotechnology sciences. But as every company sees the Fourth Industrial Revolution underway, they have to tick their place in it. What are you going to do? What is your position? And also what are your values? What's important to you? These 2 ideas, your vision and your values, I think, will define who will be successful and who will fail in the Fourth Industrial Revolution. For us, it's very simple. We squarely believe that we're in the age of the customer, and that for each and every one of our companies that we deal with around the world, that they have to connect with their customer in a whole new way and to build this high-fidelity relationship, whether they're a B2B or B2C customer, that they need to have this single view of the customer. It doesn't matter like in the previous discussion, it could be health care, it could be financial services. It could be retail. In each and every case, company by company is thinking, "How do I get to a single view of the customer?" That is Salesforce's single focus. And we do that across many product lines, as you know. And in terms of what is important to us, well, there's nothing more important than trust. Trust is our highest value. And of course, growth is important to us as well. You can see that in our numbers today and innovation, as Bret was talking about. Are -- the reason that we're the #1 CRM in the world is the tremendous innovation that we brought to customers like we have in things like Einstein or our new Lightning platform or even Trailhead, where you can learn how to become part of the Salesforce economy and jump on this train so that you can be part of the Fourth Industrial Revolution and be part of Salesforce. These things are so important. You can show -- see how it shows up on our AppExchange with the thousands of apps and companies that have been birthed through this vision. And then at the end of the day, we all have to be aware that the Fourth Industrial Revolution has a dark side, and it could be that it creates more inequality. And that's why our core value we talked about is equality in that we so squarely believe that we have to keep an eye on the equality of every human being, whether it's our employees, our customers, the communities that we're in or even the environment or public education systems. And that these 4 values, trust and growth innovation and quality continue to serve us very well in our pursuit in this age of the customer. 
Well, I want to thank everyone for an amazing fiscal year. All of our employees, customers, partners, all of our Ohana, thank you for everything that you have done for us every single day, we appreciate it so greatly. And we will see you again at TrailheaDX, our annual Salesforce Developer Conference, which will be March 28 and 29 in San Francisco. And I hope that all of you will join us for this exciting event. We'll have some very exciting product news and some incredible surprises there. And I'm about to show up on Cramer and from Salesforce Tower here in New York City in just a couple of minutes, if you'll turn on -- turn on CNBC, you'll see me there. So thanks, everybody, and we'll see you next quarter.