All right. Well, thank you so much, Keith, and before I start, I do want to just come back to that and thank all of the first responders and everyone who's worked so hard over the last 2 weeks. We've had a terrible tragedy here in Northern California, also one in Southern California. And certainly here, during the holidays, 14,000 families have lost their homes, 500 businesses. Half of all first responders lost their home in the fires, and it's been a terrible disaster here. This is our -- obviously, we had a terrible fire last year. This one is even worse. It's our worst ever in Northern California, and all of our hearts are with the victims and their families, and also all of our gratitude is with the first responders. We had a city here filled with smoke for a couple of weeks, and that smoke just reminded us how connected we are not only to each other here in San Francisco but all the way up to Butte County. And our hearts remain with them during the season. And we are -- really want to thank not only our employees but also customers, many of whom came to our lobbies here where we filled supplies up and brought them up to Butte County and distributed gift cards. Many of our customers who are retailers helped us procure gift cards for first responders as well as for the families in Butte County. I want to thank them, and we're going to continue to work on that. It is still in our mind, and we're also giving $2 million initially to these relief efforts. And all of us at Salesforce are going to continue to stand with our neighbors and communities across California as we're rebuilding.
Thank you for letting me just talk about that for just a moment because it's been something that we've all gone through out here over the last 2 weeks, several weeks.
Okay. Now with respect to the numbers. Keith said it. This was absolutely a fabulous third quarter. It was incredible. Obviously, we've given guidance for an incredible fourth quarter coming. I'm hoping the team is going to improve on that even though the fourth quarter guidance is incredible, and here we are at $16 billion for next year and only 2 years from our goal of $22 billion to $23 billion, which is amazing that in fiscal year '22, we have this vision. So thank you to our team and our Ohana for delivering these incredible results. It's just amazing and an incredible moment in history.
We are all-in this next year, and I just was talking to Jim Cramer, and it's like, well, what is happening? This is all about the Fourth Industrial Revolution. This is about the cloud. It's about artificial intelligence, machine learning, deep learning. I mean, there are so many technologies that are happening. I mean, I read this morning in the newspaper about CRISPR being used to genetic editing of twins in China. I mean, we are in a lot of uncharted territory here, and we're going to continue to see incredible expansion. But when it gets right down to digital transformation, well, every digital transformation starts and ends for all of our customers with their customer. And CRM has never been more strategic. You can see that in the growth rates for the CRM marketplaces, remains the fastest-growing market segment enterprise software. That's a big change from when Keith and I started in the enterprise software industry. We both started in 1986, and it was all about other types of technologies that have been downplayed. Now it's all about the customer. It's about CRM, and it's a big and exciting market. We're obviously the largest player. We have these incredible growth rates that we're putting up, and when we look at other companies in the CRM marketplace, a lot of companies are doing very well because this is what it's all about. It's all about the customer. And Salesforce remains this global CRM leader. We're the #1 CRM. We've continued to take share and outpace the market. You can see that in our results as we're moving to $16 billion. This is because we're the only company that is dedicated 100% to CRM at this size and scale. And we're the only company with a complete Customer Success Platform for both these B2B customers and their B2C companies as well.
For those of you who joined us at Dreamforce, I always look at that as the ultimate manifestation of our company and how we're doing. You saw the huge turnout, especially compared to some of our competitors. I'm not going to name any names because they're really sensitive. They get upset. But some of our competitors also had conferences recently, didn't have a big, huge turnout like this, 171,000 registered attendees, 10 million watched us online, largest Dreamforce ever. Probably everyone at the call was at Dreamforce. It was incredible. And we saw these amazing companies where Marriott and Brunello Cucinelli was here from Italy and Unilever was here from the United Kingdom, and everyone connected with their customers in a whole new way. We also saw -- my friend to the right here did an incredible new product. Bret Taylor launched his Customer 360. Customer is blown away, connecting all of our clouds together, giving our customers a single 360-degree view of their customers across every touch point, across sales, across service, marketing, commerce but really, thinking now, especially with MuleSoft, how do we give those customers the 360-degree view they so badly want. And that's why it's one of the biggest announcements we've ever made, and I hope Bret will talk about it later on the call. And of course, you can see the acceleration in our business. And also in our positioning, our relationship with our customers in MuleSoft, the #1 integration cloud, giving customers extraordinary power of integration, bringing together vast amounts of data across all kinds of systems in this incredible API architecture. Always loved this company. I love it more now as part of Salesforce. They're right here with us now in Salesforce Tower. Greg and his team, just an incredible job, and we saw that not just at Dreamforce but through the whole quarter, and I think both companies were just hugely surprised at how well it's come together but also their execution is dynamite. And then you also saw the release, again, Bret came up with this with Parker, Einstein Voice, amazing. And you saw these amazing demonstrations of voice, not just interactive voice response but now Salesforce can actually parse the data and actually insert it correctly in the customer database automatically, so anyone can talk to Salesforce, makes every employee and customer more productive, amazing. And Einstein talking to Siri. Einstein and Siri are now friends. Hopefully, they're going to become best friends because we had Apple, for the first time, strategic relationship. Something we've always wanted. At Dreamforce, amazing to have this great relationship with Tim Cook, probably the best executive in our whole industry. Thank you, Tim, for your leadership and what you've done, the relationship with Salesforce. We're very grateful to you.
And as we roll out these new mobile apps, our customers are expecting more innovation to come. Now you also saw that we're strengthening our relationships with amazing companies in the cloud world, including Amazon, Google and IBM, delivering these incredible innovations, and our customers are just loving what -- the amount of innovation that's happening in our industry, especially as the cloud becomes mainstream. And at Dreamforce, we're thrilled to announce a new strategic partnership, again, just expanding that capability and giving that -- giving us that capability to have it not only with Amazon and Google but Apple as well and other companies.
Okay. Let's talk about Einstein for a second. I told you Einstein was delivering 3 billion productions and insights every day in the last quarter. Well, now, a few months later, we are doing 4 billion Einstein productions every single day, exceeding our expectations. The transformation of all of our products to artificial intelligence, all of our products getting smarter, all of our products having Einstein built-in, that Einstein is at the heart of the Customer Success Platform, making it more powerful and more capable every day. You look at the many layers of our Customer Success Platform. The center is the customer. Then, of course, everything is going in and out of Einstein with Einstein making the customer smarter. Being our partner every day, I know I use that. That's incredibly important to me. Surrounded by this full range of capabilities whether it's sales or service or marketing or commerce or a platform or integration or a community, more enablement or engagement, I mean, all levels of the Customer Success Platform has been made better by Einstein and then wrapped by these amazing trailblazer of communities, so awesome.
Now we really saw this weekend, I'll tell you, during Black Friday and Cyber Monday, of course, our customers have deployed this Customer Success Platform, so you're like wondering what's going on. I just got this amazing report. I can't talk about it because it's a public company we're working very closely with, who have this massive success over the weekend, and they're in the retail industry. But I look at all these companies, and we're powering more than 20 million orders in the Customer Success Platform, double-digit growth, amazing. But one thing that really stood out for us was 50% of the orders are placed on the phone. Wow. Mobile traffic to retail sites reaching 67%. So obviously, that's a huge transformation that we've gone through, and our customers, especially retail customers, are going through that.
I'd just like to touch base briefly now on our Trailblazers. It's the outer ring of our platform. Our Ohana is so important to us, but especially our Trailblazers, and we've got 1 million of these Trailblazers who are empowered and enabled with all of these capabilities, and they're doing that on Trailhead. For those of you who have not been on trailhead.com, please get on trailhead.com. This is our free online learning platform. It's letting everybody go through the workforce development they need to get into the Fourth Industrial Revolution, to have their place in the digital economy. This is center to our strategy. And you can see that because 1/4 of these customers on Trailhead have self-reported that they have changed jobs because the skills they've gotten on the platform and the jobs they're getting are these phenomenal 6-figure jobs, and we're so excited for all of our Trailblazers. And our goals are to get to millions and millions of these Trailblazers, so really excited. 
We also saw that we have received -- continued to get some great recognition. And of course, paramount to Salesforce is our culture. Keith and I work on that hand-in-hand every day. That's reflected in our core values of trust, of customer success, of innovation, of quality, but our culture is very important. For those of you who've been to any of our towers around the world, whether it's here in San Francisco or Indianapolis or London or Tokyo or New York, I can tell you, you can feel it when you walk in, the culture is so important to us, and we're trying to cultivate a great culture. But thank you, Fortune Magazine, ranking Salesforce, again, as the #1 best place to work in the world, and that is not just true globally, but in so many of the cities also that we have -- do business in, we've been called out by Fortune magazine, so thank you for that. It's so important to us. And also, I also want to thank -- Harvard Business Review called out Salesforce, and obviously, they said top CEOs in the world, but really calling us out as #6 top company in the world, Harvard Business Review, and #1 American company for best performance for 2018, so thank you Harvard Business Review. We're very, very grateful as well to you.
We saw this quarter how the 2 parts of our vision at Salesforce, changing the way the world does business and improving the state of the world, go hand in hand. At the Global Climate Summit at San Francisco, many of you are with us, Salesforce united with 21 other tech companies that stepped up declarations to decarbonize our companies. We realized it's more important. World Economic Forum says that by 2050, we're going to have more plastic in the ocean than fish. Who wants a plastic ocean? I don't. We're deforesting, losing 1 acre of forest every single second. Who wants a planet without a forest? I don't. We need the forest right now more than ever, and this was evangelized by Jane Goodall at the conference because of the carbon situation, so we've got to improve our situation with our climate. So we've continued to focus with others in our industry to decarbonize and to improve our relationship with the climate. 
Onward to public education. Moving into the Fourth Industrial Revolution, we've got to bring the kids with us. That's why we've now put more than $50 million in our local San Francisco and Oakland public schools. This is halfway to our short-term target of $100 million. And everyone knows that we are thrilled that San Francisco passed Proposition C, amazing. And record turnout, incredible turnout. San Francisco is coming to the polls realizing that we can do something together, which is passing Proposition C, spoke to the mayor this morning, and we are very excited moving forward with proposition C.
The city will begin collecting the tax January 1, and looking forward to getting that into the hands of the amazing NGOs that we have here in San Francisco, like Hamilton Families, like Larkin Street, like GLIDE, like Catholic Charities, so many people here helping our terrible, horrible homeless situation, and we experience it every day being here. And I know many people who live in cities in the United States are experiencing that homelessness, and there's so many things that we can do. We've learned so much during Prop C and saw so many great insights, but the #1 thing that every homeless person needs is a home. And at this time of the year, during the holidays, all of those homeless people are on our minds more than ever, and thank you for your strong support here in San Francisco and the largest and the most successful businesses all coming out for the good of the homeless. So thank you to Twilio now for giving $1 million and thank you to Airbnb for giving $5 million to homelessness. Since Prop C, others are now able to -- coming in to support the homeless situation, and we plan for another major announcement this week regarding the homeless, so be on the lookout for that. It's another reminder a business does not exist in a bubble. We're part of a city. We're part of a community. We're part of Ohana. We're part of a planet, and we realize we're all connected. We're all one. That our companies are only as strong as these connections in our communities, and that's something Keith and I are talking about all the time, how Salesforce can be a light on to the nations and be a beacon for others and show what is possible when business becomes one of the greatest platforms for change. 
And with that, let me turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer to talk about how the company did during the quarter. Mark?

And let me just add to that. I think I said this a little bit already, at Dreamforce as well, which is -- and I've said this recently on TV. When I speak to CEOs, and that happens probably every single day, especially since these tax cuts that have happened, CEOs has been investing aggressively, and the economy has been -- really been ripping. I think that a lot of the forecast that I've seen in the 4% level in the United States, we felt that before that happened -- and we were talking about the economy was ripping even before those aggressive growth estimates. When we look out for next year, I mean, I'm not sure I could see it going faster than it is now because I'm not sure that we -- where are we even going to get all the people to hire that we need to hire, like it's been amazing what's happening not just for us but for all, for everybody. But maybe there's a modest reduction in growth. If it's 2% to 3% next year in the GDP, I wouldn't be hugely surprised. But I don't see some huge sea change in the economy I consider to see strong growth because I have seen so much investment this year. It's going to pay-out for these companies going forward. So I see still several years ahead of good, solid growth for the economy, and where that gets tempered, I think I've mentioned this before, is when I talk to European CEOs, they tend to be more conservative, and some of those CEOs based, maybe specifically in their region are not as optimistic, potentially, as I would say American or Asian or CEOs based in Asia. So that's how I still look at it. That we are still an economy right now, and look at these numbers that are ripping, and we still see very much a huge investment focus going on.

So Bret, you've done a great job. I mean, when we look at that product portfolio, when we look at what you built out the Customer Success Platform, you've got, of course, sales. You've got service and field service. You've got marketing. You've got B2C and B2B commerce. You've got engagement with Heroku, which has been a -- still remains on a tear. You've got platform and this incredible ecosystem. You've got integration not just with Customer 360, but with this work with MuleSoft. You've got advanced analytics. The work with industries, we saw what Financial Services Cloud did this quarter. We've got partners and communities enablement, collaboration, and on top of all of that, you have that whole Trailblazer community. I don't think there's any company that has built out a comprehensive Customer Success Platform like that. Now when you got to Dreamforce and saw it all tied together with Customer 360, what was your biggest surprise?

So Keith, let me ask you a question. Let's say there's an entrepreneur listening on the call today, and they are hearing what you're saying. Are you saying that if I am an entrepreneur and I want to start a new company, starting a company providing these kinds of boutique services in the Salesforce ecosystem, that's a good business opportunity? And is Salesforce investing in those companies? Are you going to invest?

And then we've seen so many of those boutiques get acquired by the mainstream SIs and motivate and grow their practices aggressively.

And when you look at some of these companies that were strong, independent companies like Bluewolf is a great example, we're very...

So many others. But they've been acquired now by the very largest and most important systems integrators, and so this remains a great opportunity for everybody.

Kash, I think you'd really see this in the growth rate that we're reporting on all of the clouds. So this is not anything that we're trying to keep from you. You can see it in the numbers that we are -- it's an abundance of riches at Salesforce. And yes, we have a great product with Sales Cloud that's doing just fine. But we also have a phenomenal service business and field service business and service add-on business, that's also growing extremely well. We also have an amazing Marketing Cloud business that's growing extremely well, and Commerce, and I've mentioned Heroku. It doesn't get reported but it's part of our platform, obviously, very important part of our platform, integrated, which is also a great business. And now we have an integration business, which is also -- it's an unbelievable business, and we have an Analytics Cloud that's an unbelievable business, and we have industries that Keith has cooked up with Financial Services and Health Cloud, which is also an unbelievable business. And we keep -- and by the way, we acquired Bret Taylor's company, Quip, which is an unbelievable business and that just did a huge deal with Citibank for the quarter. I mean, that was awesome to see what Citi did with Quip, enabling all of their employees around the world, so congratulations to Bret and Kevin, helping Citi work together faster in this incredible productivity environment. It's a product I use every day. If you haven't downloaded it, it's what Amazon uses. It's what Apple uses, what Citibank uses to manage their productivity. And you saw it at Dreamforce. We now [ quick slides ] which is incredible. But it's an abundance of riches. And the key organizing principle though for us is, the customer. So yes, we're in all these areas, but there's other companies in service and there's other companies in marketing and there's other companies in a lot of these areas but our organizing principle is that we're here to tie it all together to give you a 360-degree view of your customer, and that's what's unique for Salesforce. Every company has its own organizing principle, as you know, because you cover all these companies and you know what ours is and you know what our answer is going to be, that everything begins and ends with the customer. Bret, do you want to add to that?

Well, I mean, I can just tell you that there's a lot of things that Salesforce can do because this customer opportunity is much bigger and more exciting I think than anybody ever realized. But for MuleSoft, this is a company that I've loved for years. This is a company that I helped lead our early investing in and then helped -- we helped them to go public and so forth. And while I wanted to buy them for years, unfortunately, I have a very strong and stubborn management team that's sitting around the table. And they're not that easy to deal with, and they make it hard for me to do what I want to do. But I did get that one over the line, so thank God for that. But there's a lot of others that I would love to see that I think that our customers would love to have more tightly integrated, more part of our product, it's really important. And with other companies -- I don't know if you've seen the front of The Wall Street Journal lately, but we put a market share graph, CRM, on the cover of The Wall Street Journal. Have you seen it? I think we had it -- we also put it in our slide deck here for you, hopefully we did, because it's our #1 marketing graphic. And not everyone is doing as well as we are in CRM, so -- and not everyone is doing as well as we are in cloud. And you know that. So every year, they've got some new thing, whatever, and I can't follow them all because they're all so difficult. And they buy companies I have never heard of, so I can't really comment on them. But God bless them. And I hope that they're successful in CRM because it's been good for us.

To answer the previous question where there was a question about how we're doing with our competitors, so I put on my Twitter feed for you the market share information, so you could get that directly.

And I have -- really had to start to curtail my comments. And as I love to talk about specific companies and other CEOs, every time I do, I get a phone call. They're very sensitive. And I don't want to hurt anybody's feelings during the holidays. So I'm really holding back on this call. So I'm just going to do that one tweet today.

Well, we got -- you just mentioned 2 great companies, the Amazon and Google, who have -- both have phenomenal cloud offerings. They both have very strong CEOs. Jeff is amazing and also, Sundar is amazing. And they're both doing extremely well in our customer base. We see lots of action with both of those customers and partners. And specific to Google, I mean, Bret, obviously, is the creator of Google Maps and worked for Google for a while. So I don't know if you want to touch on how you -- if you have a unique perspective in all of these.

All right. Well, as we bring our call to a close, I want to thank everybody for participating on today's call. As I opened the call, I also mentioned our hearts remain with everyone who suffered during the horrible fires. And I'd like to bring your attention to our local organization who is doing so much and has done so much support already, which is our North Valley Community Foundation, which is providing tremendous support for the Camp Fire Relief. And if you can support them, we would appreciate it, it's nvcf.org, as in Nancy-Victor-Charlie-Frank-dot-org. North Valley Community Foundation and our hearts are with the entire community of Paradise and the surrounding areas affected by the campfire. We would love for you to please consider a tax-deductible donation to the Camp Fire Relief fund and to assist in the many community organizations who are serving evacuees and especially our tremendous first responders. So thank you, everybody, and I look forward to talking to you again next quarter.