Okay. Thanks, Marc. Thanks, everybody, for joining us on the call today. As Marc said, we have never been positioned for the future better than we are right now. We delivered strong revenue growth in the quarter and we're seeing great momentum across all of our clouds and all of our industries. In fact, for the first time ever, Sales Cloud -- Service Cloud exceeded $1 billion in revenue for the quarter, becoming our second cloud. That is pretty awesome, right? That is unbelievably...

No. It's pretty amazing. So it is becoming our second cloud, as Marc said, to surpass an annual revenue run rate of $4 billion, which is pretty incredible.

And MuleSoft, by the way, also had an outstanding Q1, capping off a record first year and celebrating its anniversary here as part of Salesforce. 
Now we are well prepared, as Marc said, to deliver on our FY '20 goal and also our goal of $26 billion to $28 billion in revenue for fiscal year 2023. So we're all excited about that.
Quarter after quarter, we continue to take share and outpace the competition. I think that's pretty clear. As Marc alluded to, we have been meeting with CEOs around the world, and the common theme that we're hearing is the importance of transforming their customer experience and the value of providing a 360-degree view of the customer. And that's something that Salesforce does better than anybody, and that's why we continue to see massive demand for our solutions from both new customers and existing customers across the world, every industry, every market segment. And as you can see this, it's in our results, 25% year-over-year revenue growth in the Americas, 27% in APAC and 32% in EMEA in constant currency. We're very, very proud of those results. 
Now a great example of a customer who understands the importance of transformation in the customer is Dell, who's really done a fantastic job in their transformation around the customer experience. Dell is a long-time customer. They're a strategic partner. And in the quarter, they've expanded with us to deliver more automated and intelligent customer service experiences with Einstein Bots and predictions and next best actions, very, very important. 
In Q1, we also built and strengthened relationships with some of the leading companies around the world, including Tokio Marine Holdings, one of Japan's largest insurance providers. They're standardizing sales and service and marketing on Salesforce, which is very, very cool. And they also were deploying Financial Services Cloud to 1 million agents in over 50,000 agencies. We also expanded with Hera Group, an Italian utility company. I just came back from Italy last week. This is a company that is serving over 4.4 million citizens. And we also formed a new relationship with People's Choice Credit Union, one of the largest credit unions in Australia. You can see this as an ongoing phenomenon globally. Again, very, very excited about what's happening. 
We continue to deepen our relationship with the U.S. federal government. The Department of Education recently selected Salesforce as its platform to modernize and streamline the experience of millions of citizens with federal student loans. Excuse me.

I am good.

All right. Southwest Airlines, which has won awards...

I'm drinking coffee.

Well, maybe I should switch. Anyway, Southwest Airlines, Marc, which has won awards for their world-class customer service, is creating an entirely new employee experience with a centralized knowledge center built on Salesforce. Using Service Cloud and Communities, Southwest is transforming the delivery of their HR services with new self-service chat and mobile capabilities for more than 60,000 employees. 
It's also about our partner ecosystem. We all know the importance of our partners, and they continue to play a critical role in our customers' transformation. And not only were partners involved in 63% of our new business in Q1, but they were some of our leading adopters as well. Accenture selected My Trailhead, this is very important, to [ instill ] their culture of continuous learning and provide top talents for their clients -- this is their business -- and leveraging custom content through reskilling their employees on topics like artificial intelligence, networking and leadership development. Again, think about the business that Accenture and these other providers are in. It's all about talent and bringing value to the table.
We're also seeing strong momentum beyond the United States. Australia's Telstra was another great My Trailhead win from the quarter. I was recently with their CEO and Board, discussing the strategic importance of reskilling the workforce because it's a common theme and it's top of mind, as Marc alluded to, for every CEO in the world. It comes up in every single conversation. 
Our vertical solutions continue to drive success and value for our customers. In Q1, we launched Einstein Analytics for financial services. This is the first complete intelligence platform for wealth and banking. And in the quarter, we had incredible Financial Services Cloud wins with Zions and CIBC. We also released new Health Cloud capabilities to provide a complete view of the factors that contribute to a patient's health, again, very, very important, enabling providers to deliver better care and improved outcomes. In Q1, Cerner, a leading provider of health care information and EHR technologies, chose to replace their current CRM in Salesforce to continue transforming how they engage with their consumers and their providers.
Finally, as I mentioned, it's been a year since we acquired MuleSoft and we are absolutely thrilled with the combined success. In April, MuleSoft was named a leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Enterprise Integration Platform as a Service, and that makes us the only company to be recognized a leader in both this and Gartner's most recent Magic Quadrant for Full Life Cycle API Management. 
So to close, I want to thank our customers, our partners, our employees for our strong results this quarter. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Mark Hawkins.

Thank you.

I'm not taking enough.

Let me see if my voice still with me. So...

Yes. That was my Uncle Blockchain. So many, many points here. None of us are economists. Mark Hawkins is probably the closest that we have to anybody being an economist. But that being said, I do think we're in an enviable position as a company because of what's going on with digital transformation around the world. And I recently returned from EMEA and I was with CEOs from financial services institutions from the U.K. and France and Italy, and they're all talking about digital transformation and the customer experience and the importance of providing that customer experience and customer loyalty and providing higher levels of service with our technology. I was also with the CEOs of a few retail companies in the U.K. and France and -- before I left the United States, and obviously, retail is a challenged market. 
And these companies are reinventing themselves and the experience they have. I was with the CEO of one of the largest pharmas in the world, and he's talking about a direct relationship directly with the patient for the drugs that they're bringing to market. And these are things that we couldn't think about 2 years ago, 3 years ago, 4 years ago. We're dealing with consumer packaged goods companies. [indiscernible], one of the largest CPG companies in the world, I was sitting out, talking about how that CPG company gets closer to their end consumer and how they can optimize their own retail execution. There are so many possibilities here. 
And Marc nailed it. I mean the CEO, the modern CEO has become the Chief Digital Officer or the Chief Transformation Officer, and that's why these companies keep coming to Salesforce because we really are the only company that can provide this capability and this 360-degree view of the customer. This is the holy grail. They -- so Marc and I have been in this industry for quite a while. This is the holy grail for customers and we're in a great position now.

Well, there's many, many companies, I think, who are in very early days. In fact, if you talk to one of our largest [ developing ] partners, they'll tell you that no less than 20% of their classic, most strategic customers have engaged in the digital transformation. So there's a lot of room to run in the marketplace. 
Going back to the first question about MuleSoft, who would have thought that a CEO would be thinking about the integration and the importance of data being strategic to their transformation? And that is the value and the beauty about what MuleSoft brings to the table. So we have an opportunity here again around this digital transformation, and one of the beauties of a product like Trailhead and My Trailhead is helping these companies do their transformation and scale them up with modern technology, because the modern worker has to have modern skills. And that's what Trailhead and My Trailhead really provide for these customers. So we really are coming out with an amazing innovation at the right time to satisfy the needs of these customers. And it's really working out very nicely for us and the customer.

So thanks for the call. Look, we -- I think you know that we've got a very, very strong international strategy. So we've invested significantly globally, but certainly, outside the United States, as we continue to take share. We've obviously made a commitment to our industry strategy. So you'd continue to see us verticalize, whether it's in our products or whether it's our customers and our partners and our head count as well. MuleSoft, of course, is certainly a growth area for us as our core cloud. 
So look, there's a lot of opportunities for us to make these investments. But at the end of the day, all the investments that we make rotate around making sure that we're driving success for our customers. And when we think about onboarding and as we bring in all these new people, one of the advantages that we have in the marketplace is that we have this amazing technology called Trailhead. And we -- all of our employees get upskilled using Trailhead. And it allows us to get these people hitting the ground running a lot faster than you would, say, through a traditional learning system. 
So we will continue to invest internationally and we'll continue to invest internationally in our key markets, in our international geographies, of course in the United States. We will continue to invest in our customer success because at the end of the day, the customer success is what it's all about. In fact, we've gone through this amazing transformation under Brian Millham in our customer success organization, and we'll continue to leverage Trailhead, which I think has been very, very important to us. In fact, I would encourage all of you to go ahead and go to our website and try Trailhead and see how it can change your life. How's that?

So let me answer this and then I'm going to pivot and ask Bret to comment on it from a broader perspective. Look, as Marc and I go around the world, every CEO has this something that is top of mind besides their digital transformation, and that is around their workforce development and their reskilling. And that's why My Trailhead is so powerful. When you think about the digital transformation that these CEOs are going through, whether it's in the United States, quite frankly, or whether it's internationally, responsible CEOs are thinking about how do they absorb this amazing technology, how do they reskill their workers as they think about digital transformation, how do they act responsibly from a social perspective. Because if you think about it, these CEOs, they're in charge of tens of thousands, hundreds and thousands of people, and they care about their people. 
And that's where My Trailhead is an excellent example and an excellent solution, not just how they can skill their people up on these modern technologies but also to prepare them for this modern world. And we see this again everywhere in the world. We've set up special programs with companies all over the world to talk about how they reskill the workforce. I mentioned in the opening comments the meeting I had with the CEO of Telstra and his executive team and how concerned they were about the modern workforce and what they wanted to do about reskilling their workforce. Marc and I have the same conversations with CEOs all over the world. So My Trailhead is a force multiplier. It is so important on so many levels when you think about modern skills, and we're very, very excited about it. I mean, Bret, do you want to comment more from a product perspective?

Yes. So thank you for the question. Look, I think you know from our business model the importance of renewal, and that's why customer success is one of our most important values. We have an entire organization, the customer success team, that is focused on success, but it goes beyond the customer success because it really is a cultural thing, a belief amongst the 40,000 employees who wake up every day and they focus on customer success. So renewals, which are very, very strong, and our attrition is excellent. I mean it's unprecedented, particularly for a company of our size and scale. That is obviously an indication with our customer satisfaction. 
Now we have doubled down in this transformation around making sure that our customer experience is second to none. And what's interesting about that is as companies become large companies at our size, they forget their focus on the customer. This is a company, Salesforce, that since day 1 was dedicated to driving success for the customers. And a lot of companies along the way, they just lose their focus on the customer. And we have doubled down and renewed our focus on the customer. And again, part of that is renewals. But it really is about providing an incredible experience, a seamless experience at every single touch point that the customer has. And that's why Gartner recently recognized Salesforce as an incredibly strong company as it relates to customer experience. They're giving us that recognition. They know it's going on in the marketplace. And it's because it's part of our culture. We're dedicating ourselves to it and we're not going to lose who we are, whereas other companies have made that strategic mistake along the way.

Alex, this is Keith. Why don't I take the question? So look, at the beginning of the fiscal year, we make some adjustments. As you know, we periodically do that and we do it to take advantage of the market opportunity to support the long-term growth plans that we have. That's why we make adjustments. When you think about the endgame here, these decisions are really about getting close to our customers, right? And that is about driving the highest level of our customer success. Any of these adjustments that we make, they're essential and important and strategic in fueling our long-term growth, which has been exceptional, as we know, at this size and scale. And we are very optimistic about where we are in FY '20 and the demand that we are seeing in the marketplace, and we're excited about where we're going with these adjustments. So we feel strongly about where we are.

Well, let me -- this is Keith. Let me address that. So if you go back to where we are in this modern age with this amazing technology, where there is incredible disruption which is -- really should bring opportunity, we're really in a growth era. When you think about what's important to a CEO besides taking care of their employees, they're thinking about growth. We're not in the age of "cut your way to prosperity" anymore. That's a 20-year-old phenomenon. This is really about growth. And the most important thing about growth is with the customer in the center of your world, and that means Customer 360. 
So when we're out there talking with our customers who are looking for a solution, who are looking for a platform to grow, they want to think about this Customer 360. So the way I would think about it is that every CEO has a strategic mission and an obligation to all their stakeholders around growth and success. And it is all about putting that customer in the center of the world. So that will -- that just means that when we're out talking solutions, we will become more strategic, have a deeper relationship with these CEOs and C-suites because we're solving their #1 problem. Their #1 problem is about growth and putting that customer in the center of the world. 
So that is the way that I would be thinking about this, is that this brings Salesforce to a whole new position in terms of its relationships and deep meaning and strategy with the customers.

Well, we do have a new logo motion as well as an installed base motion. They're both very, very healthy and they all continue to be a focus area for us. But at the end of the day, we're here to solve these customer solutions and drive success for them. And that means that we position the right solution at the right time, which may be a particular product or maybe a whole transformation, at the pace and [ still that we're speaking, that destiny ]. And that is why a new logo motion, or what we call land-and-expand or seed-and-grow, has been successful for this company. And it's also because, more recently, we were able to do this enterprise transformation. And we've referenced some amazing customers on this call, some of which were net new logos for the first time with one or more clouds, and some [ we're turning ] the deep transformation like Dell, and that will continue to be a successful motion for us as we march on to our hard goals in 2023.