It was amazing.

Being in person again after so long.

Yes. You could feel the impact and just the poignancy of the moment as everyone looked out at their seats and tried to imagine a cot and really captured just as hard and as long as it's been how far we've come.

Thank you, Marc. I really appreciate it. 
As Marc said, we had a phenomenal quarter to finish another phenomenal year of innovation and customer success. And you can see it in our performance. Our operating model and our discipline are generating profitable growth at incredible scale. I've had the privilege of meeting hundreds of customers over the past few months. And the thing I've come away with after those conversations is that Salesforce is more strategic to their success than ever before. 
Every company is going through digital transformation. And that transformation starts and ends with their customers. That's what drove our incredible performance in every region this quarter: 23% in the Americas, 38% in EMEA and 20% in APAC. We continue to see tremendous demand from our customers across the entire Customer 360 portfolio. Companies like KPMG and Scotiabank are using Sales Cloud to build digitally native sales teams with brand-new products like revenue intelligence and our new Slack integrations. 
Sales Cloud growth accelerated again this quarter to 17% year-over-year, and it's now a $6 billion revenue business. Companies like State Farm and U.S. Bank expanded their use of sales -- Service Cloud this quarter, helping it grow at 18% year-over-year to nearly $6.5 billion in revenue. These sales and service businesses are just incredible. Independently, each is larger than any other cloud Software-as-a-Service company, and they're more relevant to more customers than they've ever been in our 23-year history. 
Our Marketing Cloud also continued to show strong growth, with customers like Humana and Sunrun. Marketing Cloud delivered over 40 billion messages in Cyber Week alone and delivered 4.1 billion messages per day throughout Q4, up 37% year-over-year. Just Eat takeaway, which Gavin and I recently visited in Amsterdam, is a great Marketing Cloud success story from the quarter. Just Eat is a leading online food delivery marketplace. And like all digitally native companies, they've adopted Slack as their digital headquarters, with 11,000 monthly active users. This quarter, they expanded with Marketing Cloud to engage with their customers, their restaurant partners and their delivery partners. 
We also saw Commerce Cloud wins at Ralph Lauren, Bose, Sonos, continuing this trend towards digital commerce that accelerated so rapidly in the pandemic. Together, Marketing and Commerce grew 20% year-over-year in the quarter. 
Both Tableau and MuleSoft continue to be the data foundation for our multi-cloud Customer 360 deployments. Tableau had strong wins in the quarter with Southwest Airlines, IBM and Sunrun. MuleSoft was also a part of some of our largest deals in the quarter, including Bose, Deloitte and Ford. Together, our Tableau and MuleSoft data business accelerated to 23.5% year-over-year growth in the quarter. 
And I'm happy to say that Slack continues to exceed our expectations in every way as every company in the world builds the digital headquarters for this next generation of work that Marc was just talking about. With key wins at companies like Carvana and Netflix, the number of customers spending $100,000 annually with Slack increased by 46% year-over-year. Marc and I could not be more pleased with how the Slack integration is going, and that remains our top priority as a management team. That's why, as we said at our Investor Day, we don't have any plans for material M&A in the near term. Slack is our focus. 
It's been so great to hear Slack come up in almost every one of those hundreds of customer conversations I had this quarter. PayPal is a great example from the quarter. We've had a long relationship with Dan Schulman and the PayPal team who use Customer 360 across both their B2B and their B2C businesses. This quarter, PayPal expanded their use of Slack, using new capabilities like Slack Huddles for thousands of real-time audio calls every week, and Slack Chat bots to respond to employee questions, log IT tickets and more. 
This digital transformation acceleration is happening in every industry, and you can see it in the momentum of our industry clouds. These are our purpose-built solutions for financial services, health care, consumer goods, energy and 8 other industries. We saw unprecedented growth across our industry solutions, and our most strategic multi-cloud deals were driven by our industry-specific products. 
GEICO is a great example. GEICO is the second-largest auto insurer in the U.S. with over 25,000 agents, led by an incredible CEO in Todd Combs. Our professional services team is working with GEICO to deliver a digital-first customer experience with our Financial Services Cloud. And it's improving their customer experience and saving the company millions in costs at the same time. 
We saw strong growth in all segments, including meaningful acceleration in our largest transformational deals as well as our lower-end transactional deals and Slack self-service business. These transactional businesses are the closest thing we have to a real-time economic barometer. And right now, all the indicators are positive. And perhaps most importantly, this quarter, we saw the lowest customer attrition in our company's history despite all the disruption in the economy. Overall, it was an extraordinary quarter, and we're seeing incredible momentum in the business. 
As Marc said, as a leadership team, we've never been more aligned, and we're executing better than we've ever had. I'm enormously proud of our entire team. I'm grateful for the support of our customers, our partners and all of our stakeholders as we continue to deliver incredible growth at scale quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. 
And over to you, Gavin.

Yes. I mean, as Marc said, I think what really characterized this quarter, particularly in Q4, as you know, we have -- it's our largest quarter, a lot of really big transformational deals. We call them multi-cloud deals. It's exactly as Marc characterized it. It's a real trusted digital adviser relationship, where we're helping solve the problems most fundamental to the executive teams of our customers. And it's not something that's related to the pandemic. It's related to the systemic digitization of the economy. And that's something that we think is a secular trend and that is absolutely enduring, and we see it in the demand environment. 
As Marc said, Slack continues to exceed our expectations, and I think it's benefiting not only from the trend towards this new way of working that we're all figuring out right here in Salesforce Tower, it's also benefiting being a part of our Customer 360 portfolio. And you heard it in the customer stories, and it's why Slack's Q4 revenue was $312 million, well ahead of our guidance of $285 million. We're really seeing the synergies both in our value proposition from our product, but also our distribution environment as well. 
And to answer one of your other questions, we're seeing strong pipeline going into Q1. And we feel that, as I mentioned, across both our transactional business and large deals, pipelines remain very strong, and we don't see any demand pull forward.

Well, I think the thing that's been the most, I'll say, pleasant surprise was despite inflation, the crisis in the supply chain, the conflict in Europe, our customers, this is -- the problems that we solve for our customers are as urgent as ever. And as you mentioned, our Customer 360 portfolio, which since you and Parker started this company 23 years ago, it's not just sales opportunity management anymore. It's really every aspect of the customer experience. And it means that we're starting conversations in every department of every single one of our customers and have the opportunity to expand really...

Exactly.

And it's in the middle of it for every single one of our customer conversations, which is why it's, I think, one of the most exciting acquisitions we've ever done.

Absolutely.

Well, I'll start and maybe pass it over to you, Gavin, to talk to some of the conversations you're having with customers. Fundamentally, we talk about our strategy at Customer 360, and that's really the end-to-end customer experience across sales, customer service, digital marketing, digital commerce and the foundations and the platforms you need to power that, in MuleSoft and Tableau and Slack. And I think when we talk to the C-Suite, I think when we talk about customer wins like Ford and GEICO and Mercedes-Benz and PayPal, they're really trying to solve for that end-to-end digital customer experience. And point solutions don't get them there. 
Point solutions mean, essentially, their IT department becomes software-development shops. What they want is to digitize their customer experience. They want to do it quickly, and they want to do with fast time to value and high return on investment. And I think because of the completeness of our portfolio, we're really the only software company that can provide that experience to our customers. 
And I think that, that's really our differentiation is that we come with the complete Customer 360 portfolio rather than just a point solution. And I think that's led to, not only our ability to compete in new accounts, which was a meaningful part of our growth this past year, but also, as Marc mentioned, as we're expanding our relationships with our customers, they know that they can trust us to really truly build a single source of truth and actually achieve the business objectives and the growth formula that you need in this new economy. 
Gavin, do you want to provide some color on that?

Yes. And I think you articulate it well, Marc. We -- right now, we -- our focus was on integrating Slack and executing with the portfolio that we have. And I don't see any material M&A in the near term.

I think it's a great way to wrap up the call, Marc. I think the strength of the portfolio is really the theme. I think one of the things that stood out to me in the performance is the strength of our core businesses. As you said, our core sales and service business, I think it's appropriate coming up on our 23rd birthday, that Sales Cloud 23 years later continues to grow at 17% and [ over ] $6 billion in...

It is. And I bet there's a few analysts on the call who's been covering you and this company ever since, and I doubt any of them imagined...

We all got...

And I think the strength of our portfolio is the reason why we're committed to this path, why we're not pursuing material M&A in the near term. And I think it really reflects the execution of Gavin's team and really the whole company.

Exactly.