Well, I think we had a few technical difficulties with Marc there. This is Bret Taylor. I'm going to continue with the script. Thanks, Marc, for that amazing introduction and just a reflection on the momentum in the company right now.
It really was just an incredible quarter. Our products are more relevant than ever, and I have never seen this kind of momentum in the business. And honestly, that's because CRM is more strategic now than it's ever been. Every digital transformation begins and ends with the customer. And that's why around the world, more and more companies are putting their trust in Salesforce to help them get back to growth. That's the agenda on every CEO's mind in Switzerland, and it's on the mind of every Board around the world.
IDC just released our April 2021 SaaSPath Vendor Rating. It's a survey of more than 2,000 companies worldwide, and Salesforce has rated #1 in trust, #1 in product, #1 in industry specialization and #1 in value for the price. That is just amazing. It's a true measure of just how mission-critical we are to our customers. And you can just see it in the incredibly strong performance of all of our clouds this quarter.
Sales Cloud has been #1 in its category for more than a decade. And this year, we've reimagined the product to be the growth platform for digital sales teams. We are already seeing the results as Sales Cloud accelerated to 15% growth year-over-year.
Our Service Cloud is also seeing amazing momentum. All aspects of customer service has gone digital, from the contact center to field service to self-service and to bots. The scale of Service Cloud is just incredible. This is a $6 billion business whose growth has accelerated to 23% year-over-year.
Our Marketing and Commerce Cloud also grew 28% year-over-year as every organization in the world is investing in direct trusted relationship with our customers. And every one of these digital transformations is also a data transformation, which is driving the unprecedented success we're seeing in Tableau and MuleSoft. Tableau is in 9 of our top 10 deals this quarter, and MuleSoft was in 8 of our top 10 deals.
The real power of Salesforce platform is bringing all of these capabilities together into a Customer 360, a Single Source of Truth for your customers. Our industry strategy is enabling our customers to get started with an end-to-end Customer 360 faster than ever before, tailored to the specific needs of every industry.
Our Industry Cloud saw 58% year-over-year growth in annual recurring revenue. We had especially strong performance in the public sector, in our Health Cloud business and financial services. In fact, 4 of our top 10 deals in the second quarter came from the public sector.
Our core organic business has never been stronger, just like Marc said. And now with Slack, we're bringing a whole new dimension to Salesforce. There could not be a more relevant product at a more relevant time for every single one of our customers.
If you talk to any CEO, read the headline of any paper or even look around the home office most of you are sitting in right now, you can see the depth of the transformation work has gone through this year. Sales meetings have moved from conference rooms to Slack and to Zoom. Contact centers used to be buildings, and now they exist entirely in the cloud. My commute has moved from the highway to primarily my hallway. 
Slack is at the center of this. Slack is how organizations all around the world are finding success in this all-digital work anywhere world. It's your digital HQ. It connects your employees, your partners, your customers on a single platform and a platform that people love to use.
And the Slack-First Customer 360 makes every Salesforce product more powerful and more effective for our customers. Our engineering teams have really hit the ground running on this integration. Just last week, we announced our Slack-First sales, service, marketing and analytics at our launch event. And we've got a ton of Slack innovation coming at Dreamforce.
IBM is one of my favorite examples of a Slack-First Customer 360 company. Arvind Krishna is a close friend of mine. And in talking to him, he talked about how he believes that bringing Salesforce and Slack together is key for IBM to become even more connected, even more productive and more innovative. IBM has built their entire Customer 360 on Salesforce. Over 530,000 customers, 380,000 employees and 50,000 partners using our platform. And all of these employees are working in Slack. They've connected their workflows across Sales Cloud, across Service Cloud and enables them to connect and take action from anywhere. 
Slack comes up in every single one of my customer conversations, and I could not be more thrilled with the momentum in the business. Slack's revenue accelerated to 39% growth year-over-year on a stand-alone basis. And they have great customer wins at Target, Lowe's, Conde Nast, UNICEF, Norton Healthcare. 
Now what's really fun about this is looking at the growth of Slack Connect. We've talked a lot about this. Slack Connect is the capability to enable you to connect not just with your fellow employees but to connect with your partners, with your vendors and your customers. Slack Connect grew 200% year-over-year. This really illustrates the power of not just Slack for employee engagement but the Slack-First Customer 360. Slack is a once-in-a-generation company that is transforming the way we work, and it's transforming the vision we have for our company over the next decade.
I am so grateful to be able to work with Stewart and the Slack team every day, and I'm really excited to bring this vision of the Slack-First Customer 360 to all of our customers. 
And if the technology Gods will allow, I'd love to transfer it over to Gavin to talk about some of our customer wins for the quarter. Gavin, are you on?

Yes. Thanks, Kirk. I think first and foremost, we're excited about this vision for the Slack-First Customer 360, and that's really building not only an integrated vision between Slack and our Customer 360 platform but also integrating our products. And actually, I think we've made a faster start integrating our technologies than any acquisition in our history. 
We did an event last week on this idea of a digital HQ where we announced Slack-First Sales, things like deal rooms inside of Slack Connect integrated with Sales Cloud. Slack-First Service, which are things like case swarming for digital customer service teams, Slack-First Marketing and Slack-First Analytics. So those capabilities are going to be in the hands of our customers soon, and we have a lot more innovation coming at Dreamforce as well. 
And with that, you asked what we're measuring, it's -- as you said, it's going to show up in things like multi-cloud deals that include Slack. It's also going to show up in a lot more departments and a lot more companies who are perhaps using these new digital collaboration technologies for the first time in the context of doing their job, in the context of customer service, in the context of sales, in the context of marketing and really realizing this vision of a digital HQ. 
I think Marc has talked a lot about how we're in this new pandemic world that this isn't going away. We've opened half of our offices. But as you can imagine, not as many people are showing up as we had hoped to at this point because of this pandemic. I've started 2 companies and I started by planning my office space. And now if you're starting a company, you start by planning your digital HQ. And that's really what we want to bring to every company in the world, help them build the digital infrastructure to help them succeed in this new normal. 
And one thing that I think we're really excited about that Marc also mentioned is Slack Connect, which is really bringing these digital tools outside of the walls of our customers' buildings and bringing them to partners and customers as well, and you've seen that in a lot of the product integrations we announced.

Yes. Thanks for the question. We're really excited about the combination of Slack and Tableau. And it sounds like you watched the event. But for other folks on the call who didn't we showed, I think, a really wonderful integration between Tableau and Slack. So your data can talk to you. Automated notifications so that when you need to take action on data, you're getting notified in Slack. You can collaborate with your colleagues to diagnose a business issue. Just an incredible combination. But I think it really shows just our philosophy on our M&A and why I think we've had really unprecedented success in the marketplace and integrating our acquisitions successfully. 
We really try to integrate our platform. And with Tableau, with MuleSoft, with Slack, this all amplifies our vision for our Customer 360. At the center of all these digital transformations our customers are going through is data. You need to integrate that data with MuleSoft. You need to see and understand it with Tableau. And you need to act on that. And that's all going to happen with Slack, which is the system of engagement for the Customer 360 but also the system of engagement for every application at your company. 
So I think it's an incredibly powerful combination. And I actually think Slack has the potential to really accelerate every single product in the Customer 360, Tableau included. And Tableau, especially -- really, I think it has potential across the board. And then it really goes to just this fundamental shift in the workplace we're all experiencing. All of you are probably working from home right now -- or most of you are. This digital HQ is at the center of every single one of the transformations we're bringing to our customers.

Well, we're continuing with some technical challenges. But thank you, guys, for joining the call today. 
If you have any questions, you can contact us at investor@salesforce.com, and we look forward to engaging with you at Dreamforce and at Investor Day. Thank you very much.