All right. Well, thank you so much, Evan, and just thanks, everyone, for being on the call today. I hope you and your families and colleagues are all safe and healthy and preparing for the holiday season. It's nice and crisp and cold here in San Francisco, and we can feel Christmas approaching. It's all in the air. And as the season approaches, I wish the very best to you. 
It's been such an unbelievable year in so many ways for so many of us. And we've really had to reimagine every part of our business and our lives and also work with so many of our customers and really even our families to do the very same thing. The past has really gone, and we can all feel that. And the future is coming. We can see there's certainly a light at the end of the tunnel, especially with these incredible vaccine announcements. But here we are in this present moment, and wow, there are so many things happening and so many exciting things to talk to you about on this call today. 
And we're reimagining our entire business. We're reimagining our industry, and we're even reimagining Dreamforce. So many of you have e-mailed me and called me and talked to me about your ideas for Dreamforce. But I'll tell you, when it really comes right down to it, Dreamforce is different this year. It just is. It's not the Dreamforce that we wanted. It's the Dreamforce that we got. The Dreamforce that we wanted is the Dreamforce with all of you. All of our Trailblazers and all of our Ohana and all of our friends from all the world, the best part of Dreamforce is being together in person. And there was a little bit like Thanksgiving all by ourselves last week. And here we are again, it's kind of Dreamforce by ourselves. 
So we've reimagined Dreamforce. And the first thing we did is we said, "Well, you know what, we're going to have Dreamforce for each and every customer." And we've already reached out to thousands and thousands of our customers. We're creating custom Dreamforces exactly for them. We've already done almost 5,000 of those Dreamforces, which has been our prototype, and we hope to do over 100,000 Dreamforces before we're done. And these are unique presentations exactly for our most important customers in the world. 
And then we have a huge conference coming in a couple of weeks which is our Dreamforce Trailblazer conference, which gives ability for all our Trailblazers to come together. And then tomorrow, we've got a phenomenal event with myself, with many of our executives. Bret is going to join me on stage as well. It's going to be live from San Francisco. It's going to be cold. We're going to be doing it outside. I think Bret's holding the camera for a while, and I'm holding the camera for a while. It's basically -- we're following all these protocols, and we're trying to stay as safe as we can. We've all been tested, and we're ready to go, and it's going to be very exciting. And we're going to have some very, very special guests tomorrow, some great customers and some really outstanding music. You're not going to want to miss that presentation. 
And by the way, if you'd like to have Dreamforce to you, please contact our Salesforce executives, and we will arrange Dreamforce for your company. You'll be shocked at the depth and incredible custom presentation that we're able to bring for you. And we've reimagined how to do a conference. We're not doing it like everybody else. We have our own unique approach. Of course, you would expect nothing less of Salesforce. And one thing that's really cool is the -- how well Dreamforce to you is going. I want to thank my entire Dreamforce team. I've definitely got them working much harder than they should be working, especially during this holiday season. 
Well, look, we're going to have some exciting announcements, surprises. You're not going to want to miss it. All of you need to tune into that. But the keynote, again, is just one part of an amazing month of Dreamforce 2020. It's Dreamforce to You. We're empowering every account exec in our company to do this. It's going to be amazing, and you're going to love it. 
Look, let's get right into it. Let's get into these numbers and get out of this opening. This was an unbelievable year, and that was an unbelievable quarter. Q3, wow, it was our strongest Q3 ever, record revenues and margins and just deals and just unbelievable. And it follows the strongest Q2 in our history. And Salesforce just has never been stronger. Look at our core organic growth. It's just incredible what the numbers say. Revenue has risen to $5.42 billion, up 19% year-over-year in constant currency. By the way, if you look at that sequential growth from the second quarter, it's $5.15 billion to $5.42 billion, incredible. And this is up 19% year-over-year in constant currency. 
And we're raising our full year fiscal '21 guidance. Now as you remember, the first quarter, the pandemic was hitting, and we didn't know what was going on. We were hiding, and we were like everyone else, under our desk. Then we realized, wait a minute, we can succeed through this. And here's our guidance. And Mark, I think it's -- our guidance is now higher than our original guidance for the year. We're actually delivering guidance at $21.11 billion, at the high end of the range, representing 23% growth. So not only do we come back, we came back stronger, and no other enterprise software company is growing at this rate, especially in our core and organically. We expect our revenue to continue expanding, growing from $21.1 billion this year to now over $25.5 billion. And for those of you who are watching the enterprise software industry over the last, I don't know, 4 or 5 decades, I don't think there's been an enterprise software company in history that's gone from $21 billion -- or $21.1 billion to $25.5 billion. And we're all modeling, I'm sure, right now what the fiscal year '23 number is, right? 
So when you look at those numbers, wow, you just can't find any other company like that. And with the strength of our core products across sales, across service, across marketing, commerce, we're growing year-over-year the size of entire companies. So we have a lot of great companies in cloud computing, but you can see how we're kind of just stacked one of those right on top of us here. 
So Salesforce has never been more relevant, more strategic to our customers. An example of this is what we've already seen this past week with the incredible scale, the reliability, the strength of our Customer 360 platform this weekend. We were up all weekend running Cyber Week. It was incredible from Black Friday to Cyber Monday. We processed more than 31 million orders. It was up 62% year-over-year. But not -- just thank you to our engineering team. Just absolutely world-class performance and execution by them, huge high fives, Commerce Cloud, Marketing Cloud. Well, you know that those were started as acquisitions, and now we've turned it into a multibillion-dollar business. 
And now with Tableau, well, our customers are able to leverage all the data coming in, spotting the trends. It's been a phenomenal, phenomenal weekend with these holiday insights. You probably watched that online. You've probably seen some of our incredible Tableau dashboards we put together. And on any given day now, you can see our customers are delivering an average of 2.6 billion marketing messages, 4 million sales leads, logging 19.7 customer service conversations, Einstein delivered more than 80 billion AI-powered predictions every day across Customer 360, incredible. And Salesforce then takes all of that in sales, in service, in marketing, in platform, in analytics, in conversations, in channels and collaboration, and we lock it into a single source of truth for our customers. Connecting customer data across systems, apps and devices and for our customers who have now seen this next-generation architecture, you're going to see our next-generation platform tomorrow, but I don't want to give away too much of what Bret Taylor has built, but it's incredible. 
But let me say that, that idea of the single source of truth where no one else has ever tried to do such a thing. And it's why, for the seventh year in a row, we've now been ranked the world's #1 CRM by IDC. That's why companies of every size and every industry are building amazing digital experiences for their customers with our scalable flexible Customer 360 technology. And you look at this quarter, great customers, great customers like Prudential, Accenture, NBCUniversal, Telefónica, Zoom, State of California, I mean -- American Family Insurance. I mean so many great companies, so many great customers. And it's why 43 states in the United States are working with us on their response now to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
You probably saw, we've even helped, fully eradicate COVID in some places in the world, including the great State of Victoria in Australia, where they had a terrible situation and used Work.com, and they have now announced that they've eradicated the virus, and I wish that we could work more closely with more governments more deeply to do exactly the same thing because the combination of mask wearing and social distancing and religious contact tracing, well, boom, you can eradicate the virus. Well, very exciting to see them and congratulations to the State of Victoria. 
I also, this quarter, was in Singapore, visiting our 1,100 Ohana there. And I'll tell you, they've eradicated the virus there. You can see the chart. Unbelievable. Now our customers are benefiting from the fast time to value we deliver with Customer 360, which has been critical during this pandemic, and it's going to remain so going forward. And with MuleSoft and Tableau, every company can easily unlock any data from any source and see and understand in ways that they're leading these faster, smarter decisions, and the customer reactions, when they see these Customer 360s, their eyes are lighting up because they've never seen their business quite like this. 
All right. Well, now let me just tell you what I'm really excited about. Slack. I couldn't be more excited about what Bret and Stewart put together, wow. I mean when they came to me and brought me this idea, that Salesforce and Slack should come together, my eyes lit up. I said this is the next generation of the Customer 360. This is our ultimate vision of having this incredible user interface on top of all of these services with all these channels and all the collaboration running on all these devices and integration, interactions. And the ecosystem and the industry that has been created around it and all the applications, amazing. 
And let me just tell you also, I've watched Stewart and Slack grow over the last 6 years. It's been amazing. It's reminded me of another great company, Salesforce. I have to be honest. And I get to look right out my window. And do you know what I see? Slack, Slack logo, because Slack building is right next to my building, and I'm looking into their building all the time. Stewart is waving at me, now I'm waving at him. Now we're giving each other big hugs when the pandemic is over. But that idea that these 2 great companies are right next to each other in Salesforce Park is amazing. And Stewart and his team have built one of the most beloved platforms and brands, okay, and technologies in the software industry. And it's a perfect match for both of us. It's going to extend our companies, make us both stronger. 
And look, we spend more than a decade focusing on this vision that we've had for social enterprise. Everyone probably remembers ad nauseam, all of the social enterprise presentations that I've delivered in my career, this makes it all real. This makes it all true. This brings the best of both worlds, the integration. It's a marriage made in heaven. It's amazing. And we spent more than -- god, I can't even think about how many conversations Parker and I have had on the vision and then to see Stewart come in with Bret and make it all real, well, that's just awesome. 
And we see in Slack a once-in-a-generation company and platform. It's the central nervous system of so many companies on this call and our company and so many of our great customers, connecting everyone and everything, and now we could go even bigger, better, more exciting. And it brings all the companies, people, the data, the tools together. And you can see all the CRM information, the sales, the customer interactions. You probably saw Slack Connect, which extends the benefit of Slack so employees can securely work, collaborating with partners, suppliers, but especially important for us, customers. 
Wow, that's a game changer. And when I've seen this incredible story line that what Bret and Stewart had put together, it is like, wow, this is bigger than I've ever thought it could be. And when I looked at the companies from around the world who are implementing Slack, from the fastest-growing start-ups, the Fortune 500 companies and Starbucks and Target and HP and what they're doing, and then when we integrate that with a single source of truth, oh, boy, it's a supercharger. 
So we already know more than 90% of Slack's enterprise customers are also Salesforce customers, but we also see how much further they can go because we just use ourself as an example. Yes, we're a great Slack customer, but we could be doing so much more. But when it's integrated to a Salesforce, it's like, wow. And that's what I plan to bring that message to all my friends, all these CEOs that I work with all over the world, to help them transform their business and grow their businesses and helping them to survive and succeed during this pandemic. Well, we're going to make sure that they just have this incredible single source of truth experience as well. 
Look, we've already shown with ExactTarget, with Demandware, with MuleSoft, with Tableau how we acquire, how we can integrate, how we extend acquisitions, how we transform our own product line, how we can develop compelling models for our customers to get value. And we'll expand Slack as well in the enterprise, not just among Salesforce customers, not just by lighting up our tens of thousands of salespeople. That's not what this is all about. 
What this is all about is the value of the social enterprise and creating this incredible idea that you have this amazing hub of productivity, of collaboration and integration and applications that now leverage all this amazing data. And I mean, you had -- you probably saw, if you watched the Tableau Conference-ish this year, the vision they've had for Tableau integrated with Slack. You look at what Salesforce has done, I mean, it's absolutely incredible. And by the way, look at what Zoom is doing with Slack. It's absolutely incredible, and you look at that product. I mean I use that -- you're talking about my productivity environment every day, Zoom and Slack and Tableau. Oh yes, and Salesforce and all the applications and dashboards and everything I use to run my business is all Salesforce now. Everything on my desktop here. I've got my computer in front of me right now, and everything is Salesforce. And I'm like, whoa, this is just absolutely incredible. 
So congratulations, Stewart, Bret. I just want to give you a huge call-out because it's awesome, what you have done. And I never thought it was even possible. Never -- it wasn't even in my consciousness that it could be possible, and you did it. 
Now before I turn this over to Mark Hawkins, I'm sure you've now already seen that absolutely one of our very best CFOs we have ever had is retiring. And it's just sad to see Mark go. I'm going to try to keep him around in the company as long as I can. I think I'm going to have some good success because let me just tell you, he is absolutely -- I really think, Mark, you're -- I mean, I don't want to -- we have -- especially Steve and Graham out there are such great, close friends of all of ours, mine and yours as well, Mark. But Mark, wow, you've really outdone yourself. What a career you had at Salesforce. And I'm just so grateful for everything that you have done for the company. And I am so grateful, Mark, for everything that you've done for the industry and also your relationships with all the CFOs. 
When I look at your incredible CFO conference that you ran in Davos, when I look at your work that you have done as well with Prince Charles with sustainable accounting; when I see the value that you've added to the whole world, not just at Salesforce, not just in the industry, but in the world with these new sustainable accounting standards, Mark, I am deeply grateful to you. So I want to tell you that Mark is going to remain our CFO through the end of our fiscal year, which is going to end January 31. And then Mark, I believe you're going to stay on as an adviser hopefully for quite some time. 
And then at that point, I am absolutely delighted to announce our new Chief Financial Officer, who has been on a few of our calls here. You all know her. She is an amazing person, a core part of our executive team, a core part of our entire company, core with our Board of Directors, my core consiglieri, Amy Weaver. So Amy, congratulations as our new Chief Financial Officer. I couldn't be happier for you. And I know that Mark also joins me in sending you congratulations. We'll hear from him in a second. And then Amy will become our President and our Chief Financial Officer effective February 1 next year. So congratulations, Amy, you are now going to become our fifth CFO at Salesforce. So it's been probably the 5 best CFOs in the world. I can't imagine. You're joining this incredible group, and you -- Amy, to have you as our fifth CFO, I mean, unbelievable. And Mark, thank you again because I will always be so grateful for your tenure. And I'm sure we're going to have a smooth transition of power and looking forward to hearing your announcement of your new cabinet. 
And Mark, when I look at how you have been such an important part of our success over the last 6 years, with revenue growing 5x to over $20 billion, actually $21.1 billion this year, Mark, and a market cap reaching more than $200 billion, employees growing to over 54,000 today. And Mark, you set the foundation, and you know this is just the beginning. And you're lighting up my $50 billion dream so aggressively. And we all know it takes a great CFO to help scale a company that well. I'm very grateful for this. And Amy, you've been that trusted adviser. I mean it's all one family. So I know this is going to be a seamless transition, but my heart is really filled with gratitude. 
And now let me turn this over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mark Hawkins.

Well, let me give you 2 minutes and then -- or a minute, and let me have Bret come in next, fill in the details. When I look back at the dreams that we've had of what the social enterprise means over the last couple of decades, it's a very rich user interface that kind of front ends all of our services. And kind of in the way graphical user interfaces were a major moment in our computer industry, I think these collaborative interfaces and video-based interfaces are the next major moment in our industry. 
But underneath those services, and you kind of teed it up by asking the question this way, you have so many rich services, application, integrations, artificial intelligence and fundamentally big data lakes. And the idea is how can you take all of that and bring it to the user, to the power professional, to the worker, to the knowledge user or even to me, the CEO, and turn it into a powerful experience.
And now this combination of Slack and Salesforce, exactly as I mentioned, my whole world is on this platform. And we call it Customer 360, but the idea that, gee, number one, there's never been a more important time for sales and B2B sales. I see that with our customers every day. I look at our Salesforce, obviously, it's enormous. But our ability to call at every level, our ability to call into the CEO level easily, our ability to have much higher levels of productivity with our sales organization, how we had to move our call centers and customer service organizations on a moment's notice into their homes. Our ability to deliver record levels of marketing and marketing interactions like we did this weekend, the analytics that are needed, and you probably saw the analytics that we published around the holiday. 
Well, now all of that, completely coupled with this incredible, collaborative interfaces. And that is the magic. And that is what is so exciting. That's been our dream. Now it's our reality. And I want to introduce you to the person who put all of these things together, and that's Bret Taylor. So Bret, do you want to take this to another level?

Well, I mean, I'll start with the end, which is there's no doubt that Slack just has an incredible approach to collaboration in a way that we really could never have imagined, especially in regards to the integrations and applications and ecosystem that are built on top of it. Certainly, like Chatter, it had the collaborative interface, and we'll benefit from that because we've done such deep work in our own architecture around our Chatter API and so many other key parts of our core system. 
But when you look at what happens when you put Slack and Salesforce together, the fundamental experience for the customer, it just changes. Of course, you're already doing wall to wall in the enterprise, which is very exciting for Salesforce beyond just sales or service or marketing into every department. We've already seen a lot of that with Tableau and the ability for Tableau to go wall to wall. And Tableau is another product that -- users just love Tableau. Users just love Slack. 
When we start to bring our Customer 360 into that, our ability to build applications with Lightning, our ability to light up our own workflow and build workflows to our customers and expose those through these channels, well, that's where the fundamental expression of Salesforce, how it looks whether it's on a phone or an iPad or on your desktop, it deeply modernizes it. And Bret, would you like to fill that in?

Yes. I would like to address that, which is that I think what's very exciting is this vision that Stewart and Bret have put together. And I think that when I look back, I don't think I could have ever imagined any acquisitions happening this year. We're in this pandemic. We're in the solid digital environment. We are just kind of brute forcing it right through, making as many sales calls as we can. And we're collaborating very deeply as a company. And all of a sudden, Bret and Stewart come together and say, yes, we can do this. 
And when we look at the resulting vision, it's a wow. It's like something that we could have never imagined. And when we look at acquisitions today, we do have a little bit of a swagger. Of course, we've done probably over 60 deals, small, medium and very large. On the whole, our transactions have been extremely successful. And when we look at our very large transactions, especially ExactTarget, Tableau, we look at how -- what we've learned, our ability to integrate companies, to make 1 plus 1 equal 3. We look at this, and we say, wow, this is a game changer, and we know how to pull it off. 
And we have a lot of our former executives, for example, at Slack already. So we know a lot of those players. We work so deeply with the company, both in a business development perspective just because they're our neighbor. And we're like, oh, boy, the value that we can bring to customers is much stronger as 1 company than as 2. 
And when you look at the difference between partnering versus owning, it really means that we're able to do things with our technology that we just could not do as partners. And that's the demos, the visions that Bret and Stewart have put together. And look, when they presented this to me, I was sold. And I am sold, and I can't wait to get out on the road and present it to customers because I know that they are going to be absolutely blown away about what this looks like for them.

Well, it's a good question, and let me kind of -- I'll tell you in 2 stories. But the first story is we started out this year, I think everyone remembers, we went through a very dramatic transformation in our management team. Keith decided to retire, which I fully supported. And we knew that we were going to go through a big shift in distribution strategy, our team members themselves. And what we didn't have written into that was the global pandemic. So all of a sudden in the first quarter, what was happening at Salesforce was distribution transformation and global pandemic. And that shook our confidence. 
You might remember that I also said pipelines appear to be really strong. So even though in the middle of the quarter, we went into global lockdown in March and April, we think we're going to come out pretty strong. And we were very fortunate starting in the second quarter with, number one, onboarding a fantastic new CRO, Gavin Patterson, former Chief Executive Officer of BT, who is working with us, who I've known for so many years and coming in as our CRO and our President, taking his position, which he was doing so much with us already, but then really leading our global distribution operation. And then we rebuilt our entire distribution management team as part of that. And we delivered the second quarter, which was a record quarter. We had phenomenal bookings, margins, revenues, cash flow across the board. And then the second, third -- second quarter turned to the third quarter, we have now -- we're happy to talk about an unbelievable quarter. I mean it was just remarkable, the performance of the company. 
I would never have imagined it in February and March when it started. Now I'm like, wow, I -- gave me a lot more -- a lot of confidence in where we're going. Now when we look at the fourth quarter, rich pipelines. We have tremendous outlooks. We feel very good about our ability to succeed. We've rearchitected Dreamforce. That's going incredibly well. And we look at next year, and we're like, wow, we've never been more competitive. We've never been able to succeed more aggressively with our customers. We have solutions that are not only horizontal but vertical. We're strong in every one of our key categories, from sales to service to marketing, to commerce, to platform, to analytics, integration, we're able to deliver tremendous value. 
When I look at what we've done with key customers -- and I mentioned AT&T on the last call. But when I look at what we've done with their management team, with their competitiveness, with the results that they're getting, it just gives us a lot of, I would say, gratitude in our ability to transform a company like that, any company in the world -- and do it worldwide. And then when we bring in Slack, well, with these acquisitions, you never know exactly when they're going to happen. And we couldn't -- didn't know when Tableau was going to happen. Of course, we always loved Adam and Christian before that. We didn't know when ExactTarget was going to happen. We always loved Scott. And we didn't know when Stewart and Slack would happen. 
And when the moment and the opportunity arises, you have to look and ask yourself, are you strong? Can you do something like this? Or are you weak? Or is it a moment where you just don't have the swagger? And let's face it, look at these numbers that we just delivered. Salesforce has never been stronger, never been more capable. It's never had a more competitive position. It's never been able to execute with more acuity. Look at the IDC numbers. I don't have to go through them, in sales, in service, in marketing, across the board. They're very, very impressive. And when we've gone up against tough competitors, we have done just fine. 
And I think that we bring a lot of value to Slack right now at their size. As you know, they're going -- basically entering from the $1 billion to $2 billion phase, which I know extremely well. And this is a moment where we can offer a lot of value. We've been there. We've lived that life. And we're going to come in, and we're going to help them not just be successful during it, we're going to help them to just redefine the entire industry. 
And that dream and that vision that Bret and Stewart have is really unlike anything I have ever seen of any company or any product anywhere. And when you see it all laid out, you will just be blown away. I mean I was, and I have a lot of confidence that you will be as well.

Yes, please do, Gavin.

Gavin, I want to ask you a question because I think it's appropriate. Look, you've been running this business now, so well now for several quarters, but just give us one more level of insight. What has been your greatest surprise? Look, you were -- we've been friends a long time. You are a customer. You've been a partner. You've known a lot of our executives. Now you're deep inside the machine. What has been your biggest surprise working inside Salesforce and now working with our customers and doing these huge transactions that you've been doing?

Well, I think that we can say now with delivering this guidance at $21.1 billion and looking at next year as well, Gavin, I just want to thank you because I don't think there is a more successful sales executive in enterprise software, certainly at the size and scale that we're operating in, than you are. And your leverage, your experience as a Chief Executive Officer of a very large 100,000-person company, BT, I mean, you've done a phenomenal job. So thank you.