Good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us today during this incredibly exciting time for our company. Our fourth quarter capped off a strong 2021 and as we near the finish line of our transaction with AT&T to create the world's most dynamic media entertainment company, Warner Bros. Discovery. Upon close, Warner Bros. Discovery will stand on incredibly solid footing, creatively and financially. This is a real company, and we expect to deliver meaningful free cash flow over the near and long term. 
At Discovery stand-alone, we ended the year with $4 billion of cash and generated substantial free cash flow this year, over $2.4 billion, even after absorbing over $1 billion of losses from our next-generation investments, and our free cash flow will grow meaningfully from here. As a company, when we come together, we will stand on firm footing. We look to benefit from both a very balanced business model and from the cost synergy tailwinds we expect to result from our merger, supporting our expected reduction in gross leverage to 3x or below within 2 years, starting from 4.5x or lower net debt-to-EBITDA when we stand up the new company. 
Our vision for Warner Bros. Discovery is simple. We believe the companies with the most appealing and most complete menu of IP and content stand to achieve success, and I believe Warner Bros. Discovery has the most attractive content in the business: from Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman, Harry Potter, Game of Thrones, Euphoria, 90 Day Fiance, Hanna-Barbera, Looney Tunes; The Food Network, HGTV, Discovery, HBO and great personalities like Martha, Chip and Joanna Gaines, Guy Fieri, the Property Brothers and Oprah; plus CNN, the premier global news network with real resources and news gathering services all over the world; sports with Eurosport, the Olympics, NBA, NCAA March Madness, Major League Baseball and the National Hockey League, making us a global leader in sports alongside a wealth of local content all over the world, content that we've produced and garnered for the last 20-plus years. Taken together, we will have a broad menu of content to super serve every demo and every family member. Who would ever want to leave? 
When we bring all of our global content together, we will have one of the most compelling offerings in the marketplace and at a great value to customers. This was the premise and the vision that John and I shared when we put this deal together nearly a year ago. Initially, we planned to see how all these existing and complementary content pieces put together, how well our package of content nourishes and enriches consumers and what it does to churn and growth. From there, we can evaluate areas where we'll need to spend to fill in for our offering. 
Together, we already spent aggressively across all demos and genres and will have an even greater ability to do so as a merged company. And now that we have the resources, we plan on being careful and judicious. Our goal is to compete with the leading streaming services, not to win the spending war. 
Whether breaking new franchises or reimagining and refreshing existing ones, we will have a truly scaled and diverse content engine with IP ownership across a highly monetizable collection of IP. Perhaps most importantly, we are not solely dependent on one business model as we reach across multiple platforms and touch points, every leg of the stool from linear to direct to consumer to content production and monetization. 
As one of the leading content arms dealers in the industry, Warner Bros. television is formidable, and as a company, we will also be uniquely positioned to better serve advertisers and distributors globally. Said another way, we can monetize across any number of different cash registers. Consider that Warner Bros. television has over 100 active series being sold to over 20 platforms and outlets. It's a content maker and content owner generating significant revenue, free cash flow and most importantly, optionality. There's not a lot of content makers out there, certainly not of the scale and quality that Warner Bros. television is in the marketplace today and particularly at a time when the demand for quality television production has never been stronger, an important distinction when considering the asset mix of this company, a very real, very balanced and very complete company. 
We have a lot of muscle memory from the Scripps merger, which enabled us to thoroughly reexamine how we conduct our business. And we took that opportunity to better align our management, operations and processes during a time of pronounced industry disruption and change. I believe that the same dynamic exists with the opportunity ahead for Warner Bros. Discovery. 
Turning briefly to the quarter. I'd like to call out a few highlights while Gunnar will take you through in more detail the puts and the takes. First, on the advertising side, underlying demand across our networks and channels has been resilient. Overall 2021 global advertising revenue increased 10% over 2020 with growth from both domestic and the international segments. In fact, international segment advertising revenue increased 23% in 2021 excluding the Summer Olympic Games, finishing the year on a strong note, with growth across all regions. 
Here in the U.S., I'm pleased with our solid end to the year despite a marketplace that has endured some headwinds across COVID and supply chain issues, helped in part by our outperformance against an industry-wide strong 2021-2022 upfront. At the same time, we've been very pleased with the results of our recently renegotiated distribution deals in the U.S. The team has done an excellent job continuing to demonstrate to affiliates that our portfolio is a great value, and they've clearly seen that reflected in our numbers this year. 
Within direct to consumer, discovery+ continues to perform very well. We ended the year with 22 million total subscribers, passing peak investment loss levels, supported by consistent and continued strong KPIs, advertiser interest and overall monetization efforts. As previously discussed,  we've thoughtfully and tactically managed our rollout, and we'll continue to do so while sharpening our focus and gaining perspective for the next leg of our direct-to-consumer journey with WarnerMedia and HBO. 
Worth noting, we achieved a significant milestone this past quarter, having replatformed our discovery+ tech stack across Europe, bringing it onto a single platform consistent with the U.S. We achieved this important migration quite seamlessly, enabling a more feature-rich and personalized consumer experience. These efforts should ultimately drive better consumer engagement, higher retention and ultimately, lower churn, further supporting the trend we've enjoyed over the last few quarters. 
This replatforming also enables the rolling out of an ad-light tier to discovery+ in select international regions, something, as you know, that was not contemplated when we launched at the end of 2020 and which we expect will figure meaningfully in our eventual merged offering. The opportunity here is large, and we look to best practices from the U.S. We expect to launch the U.K. in March with additional countries in Europe having been identified to follow thereafter. 
As part of our global content strategy, we do believe premium entertainment, news and sports offers an attractive service in many markets. And we are excited about the innovative deal with BT in the U.K. where, as we announced a few weeks ago, we are in final exclusive negotiations to create a rich extensive portfolio of sports content in that very important U.K. market. We will combine our Eurosport U.K. portfolio with BT Sport, bringing together key matches from the Premier League and all of the UEFA Champions League, Premiership Rugby, Olympic Games, cycling Grand Tours and Grand Slam tennis. This will create a more compelling and simplified sport offering in the U.K. and Ireland while also advancing our broader strategy of bringing sport and entertainment to more consumers with discovery+. 
Staying with sports for a moment and fresh off the winter games from Beijing. Despite the many challenges and obstacles, we were very pleased with the event marked by healthy growth in subscriber additions, streaming minutes and total viewers across our combined portfolio. Though perhaps most importantly and building upon the momentum from the summer games in Japan, it reinforced the value of delivering a much richer product experience that combines entertainment and sports in Europe with strong appeal for the whole household. This enabled us to bring new and different viewers to the Olympics as well as to introduce more sports viewers to our entertainment content, which greatly improves retention and lifetime value. 
And lastly, one closing thought before I turn it over to Gunnar. Depending on how soon we can complete the closing of our merger, this earnings could be our last as a stand-alone Discovery. For me personally, it has been the honor of a lifetime to run this very special company over the last 15 years alongside such an extraordinary group of leaders, employees and Board members folks that I've gotten to work with and learn from like John Malone, the Newhouse and Miron family and the guy that started this all out of a garage with a crazy idea that Discovery could change the world, my great friend, John Hendricks. 
Having accomplished so much and to have had such a blast along the way, I often remark this job is such a blessing of a lifetime and we're all so lucky to be in this business and to get to do what we do. And I could not be prouder of what we've achieved together but recognize that our most exciting days and biggest tests are ahead of us, and we absolutely can't wait to share the next leg of this journey with all of you. To close, I truly want to thank those of you that have joined us quarter in and quarter out during this first very formative chapter of Discovery's corporate journey. We believe the next chapter will be even more rewarding and fulfilling. 
With that, I'd like to turn it over to Gunnar.

Okay. Go ahead, Gunnar -- or JB.

Just one point coming off of Gunnar's point about Scripps. I just wanted to mention that if you look at our company today and how we came together with Warner, none of that would have been possible, in my view, without the business that Ken Lowe built. And when I say Ken Lowe built, I mean, as a real entrepreneur, came up with the idea for those channels at a time when broadcasters were dominant and everyone thought a home channel didn't make a lot of sense. 
But home and food and the personalities and understanding brand and building a great culture and a fantastic business and when we came together, that really gave us tremendous strength and diversity in nonfiction. It also gave us more confidence to go to the market with d+ and a much broader menu and bouquet. And that transaction and the opportunity to work with Ken over these many years for all of us has just enriched the company and positioned us to be able to do the Warner deal and positions us, I think, to be more successful because that content has worked really well around the world. So...

So look, I think we start with the premise that the idea for this transaction was we have a library as big as Netflix with content that people love in the U.S., local content around the world in the entertainment and nonfiction space and in sport and that when we bring that together with the -- with HBO and the best TV library in the world in my view and motion picture library, that the first question is how well does that do. We have a very low churn product in the U.S. Our churn is getting better in Europe as we've made it broader. And when we put these 2 together, I think it's the broadest, most compelling offering of content available, and it appeals to from people -- from the kids that are very young to -- with Looney Tunes and Hanna-Barbera and Harry Potter to the DC content, to the content that older people and every generation loves. 
And we see that there's also a different viewing pattern between what's going on in HBO Max and with discovery+. A lot of our content is viewed throughout the day. So the first question is how do we do when we come together. What happens to churn? What happens to growth? As I said, we are a real company. What I mean by that is we're going to be generating $8 billion or more in free cash flow. So we have plenty of money to spend. 
That already assumes that we're going to spend more money on content. But we're not going to just spend just to figure -- to have more content on the platform. The key to these platforms, which is true of free-to-air channels and cable channels, is you spend enough that you could nourish an audience, that they want to spend time with you and that they feel that you're the place that they want to be and you're important, low churn, high usage, usage by many people in the family. 
And we're going to be very careful about looking at how we do, and there's a good -- we believe there's a chance that we're going to do quite well. And we also have very low-cost content in that we're not going to have to increase investment significantly that our bouquet will be differentiated and compelling. But we do have the resources if we see that spending more will get us more growth and lower churn and good economics on ARPU. But we'll be very careful because we have a real company that's generating real value.

Gunnar, why don't you -- we've been side by side on this for the last several months. And the good news is that we've been digging in with Ann and with the team and when -- we've been able to kind of confirm a lot of what we thought. But why don't you, as the general here, just take Philip through...

The other point is that we haven't assumed any revenue synergy. And the ability to come to market with -- in the U.S., the broad bouquet of content means that we can service advertisers and distributors much more effectively.

We will in the next -- in the near term sit down and get a -- have a real business plan discussion with the people at CNN and CNN+. We haven't had that yet. We haven't seen it. I've been watching a lot of CNN. It's -- this is where you see the difference between a new service that has real -- has meaningful resources globally, news-gathering resources, the biggest and largest group of global journalists of any media company, maybe with the exception of the BBC. 
And here we are waking up this morning with a war. And CNN is going to multiple correspondence and journalists risking their lives in Ukraine, in Poland, in Russia, on the ground. And there's no organization -- news organization in the world that looks like CNN that can do what CNN does, and I think it becomes very clear as you go around the world and you look at other news channels that are -- where people are sitting behind desks and giving their opinion about what's going on. There's a news network that's on the ground with journalists in bulletproof vests and helmets that are doing what journalists do best, which is fight to tell the truth in dangerous places so that we all can be safe and we can assess what's going on and what's dangerous in the world. 
So it's a proud moment for us to watch what's going on there. But because this deal has not closed yet, CNN is being run by AT&T. And we're in the beginning process of getting the details on what they're doing.

Sure. Well, first, we've been focusing really on cost. And after we close and we get into the business, we'll have a chance to think about revenue opportunities, but our #1 priority has been focusing on cost and analyzing opportunities and synergy that reflect the $3 billion. We can get more into the synergies, Gunnar, but I just wanted to speak to the Olympics and then pass it to JB. 
We have focused very hard throughout Europe with all sports in really driving local recognition of athletes. Who are the local athletes? What's at stake for them? Where did they come from? Why do you care? And what we've learned over the years with our 3 sports channels and with our direct-to-consumer business is it's not just the love of the sport. It's the love of the athletes, and -- that when you see 8 skiers lined up, you want to know the back story. And that has really worked for us across sport. 
And JB and Andrew and the team spent months promoting local athletes with the objective that if you went down a main street in any country and you said, "Who are you looking forward to seeing in the Olympics?" that we would -- the objective was that you'd be able to name between 5 and 10 people. And I think that had a lot to do in terms of execution with what we saw with viewership across Europe. JB?

Gunnar, Jessica was asking about a little more on cost synergy. I think you covered a lot of it, but any other thoughts?

Our objective is get the deal closed and implement these work streams on cost and then sit down and look at the opportunity to serve advertisers more effectively and efficiently. And we'll have the upfront -- hopefully, we'll be closed before the upfront. It looks like that will probably be the case. And then we'll be able to start to put together an upfront strategy.

Thanks, Michael. I've been for many, many years in deep envy at Warner Bros. TV, having spent 18 years at NBC, Must See TV. And Jack Welch would often remind the heads of entertainment of this, that it was really Warner Bros. TV, that all those shows were produced by Warner Bros. And the business that Channing is running right now is generating significant revenue. And in some ways, it's doing 2 things. It's probably the best and largest producer of quality content -- TV content in the world. 
We're in that business. We have a business called All3. As many of you know, we're 50-50 with Liberty Global with 35 production companies. That business has gotten, Jane Turton runs it, a lot better because there are multiple bidders for quality content. And when you look at Warner Bros TV, it's a very, very compelling business in a market where there aren't many makers. And as you said, even the smaller makers are making -- just saying, "Let me just make for myself."  
We -- I look at that business and I see tremendous optionality and something that's really rare. To have a maker of the scale of Warner Bros. television with some of the greatest television producers in the world, Rob Reiner, Chuck Lorre, the most prolific, working at Warner Bros. gives us great optionality. We can produce more content for HBO and HBO Max. We can produce more content to generate more free cash flow and profit by taking advantage as an arms dealer of something that's very rare, the ability to provide great content to Apple or to the broadcasters or to other providers. 
We'll get in there and figure it out. But in the end, when I say this is a balanced company, this is a big piece of it, that we have a big production entity that makes a lot of money. And we have the ability to ramp that up to make more money in an environment where there's lots of need or we have an ability to ramp that up and provide more for ourselves, which also provides some economic efficiency. And so it's a great asset. We're looking forward to learning more about it and leaning into it.

So look, I've always felt one of the great strengths of Discovery is that we were a free cash flow machine, and we were laser-focused on that metric as being a real metric that represents the quality of a company. And when we look at '23 and that $8 billion, that gives us a lot of strength. 
But we're not going to just say, "Let's pour everything into the direct-to-consumer business." There is a level of investment that makes sense for that business, and that's how we're going to attack it. We'll be looking to monetize our IP, to grow firm the value of the overall company, to build shareholder value, and we have an ability to do that uniquely as a global company in ways that most companies can't.

The only thing I would add is that we went to market with -- over the years, with this idea that we could build superfan niche businesses. And we tried to do that with cycling, and we tried to do that with tennis. And we separated sport from the nonfiction and entertainment offering. 
And one of the -- aside from the quality of the platform is that we learned -- and this is good. Every time we have a challenge, the question is, "Okay, what could we do differently that will improve the experience for the consumer?" That's a broader menu of content. It's more people in the home using it longer length of view in the aggregate, lower churn. And so the experience over the last few years as we put -- as we add to the offering,  the broader the offering, the lower the churn and the more satisfied the consumers are. And so that's something that leads us to the conclusion that bringing this whole thing together is going to be very compelling. 
And there's a number of markets in Europe where we're the leading broadcaster. So we have all the entertainment, we have the nonfiction, we have the sport. In some markets, we also have news. And in those markets, we're doing very, very well. And our churn numbers are looking very encouraging. And so that's one of the things that has led us to be so optimistic or optimistic about the fact that the strategic attack of putting it all together will provide a broad menu that will be -- provide growth, lower churn and better customer satisfaction. Gunnar?

Thanks, Jason. Look, I think that there's a certain number of people who pay $14 or $15 for television. And your -- you can model out country by country, and there's different cultures and different willingness to pay for content in different markets, what that aggregates to. But the way that we see it is we'll have an ad-free product where we'll be competing in that space, but then we'll have an ad-light product that we're going to be very successful with that is much less expensive. And so what is the market for a product much less expensive that has limited commercials but is very broad and has a compelling menu of IP and is available on every platform? So what is -- how does that broaden the market? 
And then if you actually -- when we take a look inside of d+ -- and we haven't been able to look inside of HBO Max, and we don't know exactly what they're doing with their library. But they -- Warner has the largest TV and motion picture library. They have half of the MGM motion picture library. We have a huge library. 
And so I really see and we as a company see 3 funnels. Our objective is to reach everybody. There's a certain percentage of people that will be willing to pay $15 for a premium service with no commercials. There'll be -- we'll have a lower-priced product that will attract a broader view of people with limited commercials. And we've seen a lot of success with ARPUs equal or greater to the higher fee. 
And then finally, as we get more sophisticated, we'll see that there's a substantial portion of content that we own, movies, TV, this is true for Discovery right now, that's not being used that much on the premium service. And so eventually, we should be using all that. Now we may be using that on channels, but ultimately, you could see a subscription-only service, an ad-light service and then a free digital service so -- that everybody can go to and might be vanilla labeled but putting in a lot of the content. So that -- there's a load of people that will never pay for television, but they can go to and view this content and that will be advertiser supported. 
And so in the long range, I think there are a number of players that are very tied to this idea of subscription only. But as a company, we probably have the most content, the most diverse content, the most content in language around the world. And our ambition is that let's work really hard to drive the aggregate product in subscription and ad-light, and then let's take a look at who we're not getting and what content we have that could serve them in advertiser-only. 
Eventually, I think there will be a digital broadcast -- global broadcast network. It will have very different content than the subscription or ad-light. But there'll be people that do not want to pay, and they'll want to watch content. And who has more content than Warner Bros. Discovery? And so figuring out how to do that will be one of the strategic initiatives that we have in place.

That broadcast model, we called it broadcast but we didn't have news, we didn't have sports. In many cases, for a couple of years, we didn't have any original content. We just used library content. And for instance, in Italy, we had the #1 channel for -- broadcast channel for women which -- within 6 months of launching it, and our cost was de minimis.

Thanks. When you take a look at the premise of this deal, the reason that we have -- we have a feeling but we don't really know in the end exactly what we're going to need to do, and that's why I think having the free cash flow and the optionality and the ability to monetize across platforms is important. Having said that, we are -- we want to compete against Disney and Netflix, but we're not -- we're a very different company than the 2 of them. Those are 2 great companies. Disney has a group of people around the world that absolutely love their product, and they're doing very well. Netflix has a very broad appeal product. And Ted and Reed are doing a wonderful job building out that brand. They have built the road of getting people comfortable buying content and consuming it on all devices. 
We will have a very compelling offering. So someone could have Netflix and they'll go there to watch, but we have very identifiable IP, which -- and much broader -- it will be much -- we're much broader than Disney. And we're -- we have much more identifiable IP. And if you look at what Casey is doing with HBO, so he has Euphoria right now. He just had Succession. He has the period drama.

Gilded Age going right now. Would we do -- would HBO be doing a lot better if it had 3 more really successful scripted series at this moment? It's not clear that they would be. Why? It's sort of the example of if you took Food Network and you said that we do 600 hours on Food Network. And we make -- and we nourish an audience and they're happy and they like it and they feel like that's their place. And we make $400 million as an example. If we decided to do another 400 hours of content, then maybe the audience would be a little bit happier but now we'd make no money. 
And so when you put Euphoria on, and then -- that audience could then watch 90 Day Fiance and they could watch Fixer Upper, that there's a real balance of content here that we can go to. And there's a lot of nourishment in our library together with a lot of shock and awe in the Warner library. And the shock and awe together with the nourishment and the great personalities, we think, is a really compelling menu, and it's a great recipe that we think we can lean into. 
We're going to spend more on content, but you're not going to see us come in and go, "All right, we're spending $5 billion more" because the first thing we're going to see is we have so much rich content and so much nourishment as well as so much content that's compatible or reaches different audiences that they don't reach, that the excitement is going to be when we come together, "Let's take this car out for a ride. Let's see how this does." Let's -- we're going to continue to spend, but don't expect us to come out and go a couple of billion dollars more and off we go. No, we're going to be measured, we're going to be smart and we're going to be careful. 
But we have -- we're going to invest in the streaming platform but that's not our only game. Our game is to create a business that generates sustainable growth, that's global in nature, that generates a lot of free cash flow. And we're quite confident in the numbers that we've given you. If something changes in the next 1.5 years where we think there's a substantial amount of opportunity for long-term growth and long-term economics, we'll come back to you with it, but we're quite comfortable. Gunnar?