Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our Q3 earnings call. I'm pleased to report another very strong quarter and set of operating results even amidst continued challenges from COVID and market uncertainty. Discovery continues its strong, steady and stable operating performance despite the secular challenges across the industry.
Discovery remains uniquely constructed to navigate and grow during this time of uncertainty, disruption and accelerated change. Our core strategic advantages differentiate Discovery and give the company a distinct lane in which to attract audiences and drive success. Discovery is the leader across multiple popular family-friendly verticals with universal appeal, anchored by brands and personalities that resonate globally and help people curate.
We own and control the vast majority of our content, almost all of which is unencumbered across all regions and platforms. We're above the globe. And we are able to monetize our content across one of the broadest global footprints in the industry, across traditional linear ecosystems, including both free-to-air and pay-TV as well as direct-to-consumer streaming platforms. These advantages, coupled with a flexible, low-cost production model, give Discovery a super-efficient programming and content model that drive industry-leading operating margins and free cash flow conversion. We are a free cash flow machine that supports our ability to invest in strategic, high-growth next-gen opportunities. Our plans for an aggregated direct-to-consumer offering have come into clear focus, and we look forward to providing a look at our product, road map and go-to-market strategy in early December. We believe you will come away as enthusiastic as we are about where we are going with our global direct-to-consumer streaming strategy.
As you know, the cornerstone of Discovery strategy has always been and will continue to be nourishing, entertaining and delighting our fans around the globe, with programming anchored by personalities that are recognized, trusted and loved across durable genres and verticals that connect directly with viewers. Our content and beloved brands are more resonant today than ever before. You see that in the viewership scale that we've achieved globally has increased significantly over the last 6-plus months.
The global pandemic has refocused all of us on what matters most: the people, family and friends in our lives; a reordering of priorities and interest in content that is positive, safe and enriching. Our brand's personalities and content are a magnet for those seeking comfort and familiarity during a time of great unease and uncertainty all over the world. In many respects, we are seeing this play out with our audiences in a meaningful way everywhere around the globe, and our content and genres fits squarely into this moment. To that point, our share of viewing both in the U.S. and across most key international markets are up substantially. In the U.S., we have gained the most share among prime time TV viewers, 18 to 49, year-to-date, growing by 130 basis points. And in the third quarter, even during a heavy news cycle, we have grown share by 150 basis points as viewers 18 to 49 returning to our Discovery channels. In fact, our top network, TLC, beat every one of the cable news nets in the third quarter. Internationally, we achieved our fifth consecutive quarter of year-over-year share growth, up 5% in the third quarter, while our audience increased 10% year-over-year, outpacing [ put ]  level growth, another positive sign for the popularity and durability of our content categories and brands around the world.
In terms of commercial success, behind the firming advertising marketplace around the globe, we have posted healthy sequential improvement, again, in our advertising revenue growth, which, while still negative year-over-year, is showing demonstrable improvement around the world. We have seen advertising partners resurface around the globe. And as measured by our performance in the recent upfront market here in the U.S., we are very encouraged.
With respect to the upfront, now that it is wrapped, I'm proud of what our team has accomplished. We were methodical, confident in the popularity of our brands and demand for our categories. We held firm in our assessment of our deliverables, and I believe we took another big step forward toward achieving fair value for our reach and engagement, resulting in continued growth and share of wallet. We've seen great momentum from what we refer to as our premier product, which is really breaking out. We offer advertisers an unduplicated broadcast equivalent reach across our portfolio at a far more competitive CPM than broadcast and a very significant premium to even our highest realized CPMs on our individual networks. It's a win-win.
Gunnar will take you through Q3 on our outlook, but we remain confident that as we return to a more normalized operating environment, television will continue to demonstrate its value and importance within the media ecosystem and perhaps even more so now, given the increasing fragmentation in viewing patterns and difficulty in reaching eyeballs.
With regards to distribution, we continue to hold our own, a reflection of the value we bring to the table. In an environment where many of our peers are being priced down aggressively [ ad or ] tier, we grew modestly in the U.S., helped by recent renewals. And I'm pleased to note that just recently, we completed mutually beneficial renewals with Mediacom and NCTC. Those deals are on top of the positive deals we concluded early in the year with Comcast, Charter and Cox. And very soon, we look forward to addressing the many homes in the country that currently do not receive our content. The narrative is similar, if not a bit more advanced internationally, where we have begun to lean in more intently directly to consumers. In markets like Norway, Sweden and the U.K., we have entered into win-win deals with distributors, hybrid partnerships that expand our long-standing linear distribution relationships to also include B2B2C, with additional flexibility to go directly to the consumers ourselves.
Our new direct-to-consumer partnership with Sky in the U.K. exemplifies this approach, where they will offer our U.K.-based aggregated product, Discovery Plus, to their millions of Sky Q customers starting this month. It's early days, no doubt. But given our share of market, which in certain regions is north of 30% and secured by highly valued local content, we are optimistic that the path we are on will address the opportunities that are surfacing from evolving consumption patterns around the globe.
We remain well positioned strategically, operationally and financially to advance and further refine our direct-to-consumer approach. Our management team has evolved under strong technology, product and content leadership, and we have a definitive path to drive engagement and scale, an unparalleled library of loved brands and personality-driven content, which will support a roster of exclusive and windowed content, all culminating in a platform that is global in focus and local in appeal. It's a critical time for our company and our leadership team. And I look forward to sharing more about why we are so enthused for the next chapter of Discovery in early December.
With that, let me turn it over to Gunnar to take you through the quarter and a financial update.

Great. Thanks, Doug. We were very surprised with how T-Mobile decided that they were going to bundle our networks, particularly because we have a clear agreement where our networks are required to be carried on all their basic tier's OTT offerings. So let's just characterize it this way. We're in active discussions with them to quickly resolve that issue. We don't believe they have a right to do what they're doing right now. And they know -- it's very clear to them, and they're focused on it. So...

Yes. We're going to go into real detail. We're going to do an extensive discussion with full disclosure in early December, which we're super excited about, where we'll take you through in every category, where we're going, how we're going, why we think we're advantaged, how globally we think we can attack it, who's helping us. We have been -- the whole company has been focused on this. So I'd like to -- it's -- in early December, we'll come out with the whole package. I think you'll like it very much. We've had the benefit of being at this for a very long time, direct-to-consumer around the world in different ways. We've learned a ton. We see areas where it's really working and why it's working. And so what you'll see will be the benefit of all of that.
And as you know, as we announced at our last call and as you saw as we talked about this morning already, we certainly recognize the value of having distributors, multiple distributors supporting. And distributors have recognized the value of having unique content that helps their platforms. And a good example of that is Sky as well as multiple distributors across Europe that we've already announced that will be helping us.
Just one other point. We've had a really strong year on this issue of how do we get great content to people, engage them in our brands, grow our viewership. And it's really reflected in the fact that we've been able to get all of our affiliate deals done this year here in the U.S. with some of the -- some great distributors, large distributors with very strong pricing with all of our channels being carried. And it's a great deal really for both of us because we're way overdelivering. They're selling into our channels. And when you look at the overall package today, the real value here with so many reruns, it's basically sports, news and us. And who knows what's going to happen now with political? But news looks like it could potentially go back to normal, in which case, there will be really a big added benefit. But we've been able to get full carriage of all of our channels with big increases. And I think that really reflects the great work and the great IP that we have domestically here in the U.S. and the fact that we're #1 for women. We're #2 for women, and we have a real broadcast equivalent or higher on many nights than broadcasters. And we'll talk about that later how we're advantaging ourselves on that.

Sure. Thanks, Rich. Well, first, we're the leader in sports in Europe, and we're the leader with local IP. And the real advantage that we think we have, and we'll get into more detail in December, is you have mostly big U.S. services with a little bit of local. And we have dramatic local, local entertainment. We have all of our brands and cable content in language in 200 countries. And all throughout Europe, we have local sports. And we do have, as you know, some other local sport like the PGA.
But one of the great things about this company, because we're in 200 countries, we have the ability like we did in Denmark to say, "Hey, we might be able to take 1 step back and 2 forward. How would it work if we opportunistically take all of our local content, all of our local sport and go to market? And what does it look like? And what is our [ SAC ]? And who will work with us? And how quickly can we [ sail ]? And so when we talk to you in December, we have a lot of learnings on what's worked and what hasn't. There are -- when we can take 1 step back and we think that we have the goods to go 2 steps forward, we're now basing it on metrics and our knowledge. We think we can do 2. We think we really have a free cash flow machine that will continue for a very long period of time to generate real return with great margins, but then we'll be investing thoughtfully and knowledgeably above the globe with our -- we've been holding our global content to go at it. And now we're going to go at it in a way that we think is quite unique, and I've said it for a long time, local content, all of our existing genre is local and looking at this opportunity to add local sport. And in some cases, it could also be local news. It's a big differentiator for us.
Everybody else is looking at going above the globe or even expanding into other countries, and they're facing 2 issues. One, holy cow. I don't own any of my content outside the U.S. What do I do now? So do I go buy it back? Do I wait to create it? Now it's going to take so much longer to create. So that's a real issue. We don't have that issue. And we have an extensive library as well as this -- the real local element. So I think as you look at all the other players, great players in the marketplace, they're at a huge disadvantage here. And we think we're at a very significant advantage and so we're going to play into that and we're going to play into it hard.

Thanks, Michael. Well, look, I think a number of things worked our way. Our content certainly has a real familiarity and comfort. Our characters, our brands and we're back to 90% of production, and we were producing content throughout the whole pandemic. So -- we were shooting a lot of it at much lower prices. We found that doing authentic content with Joanna Gaines or with [  Dipe Gary ] or with Mike Rowe in their house, that all really work for us. And what -- the net of it was when we went into the upfront, our share was significantly up.
We're the only player now -- the Scripps deal and the fact that we've really invested in our content significantly when others haven't over the last couple of years, our share is just growing and growing. And right now, what we put together is not just broadcast equivalent, but we're higher very often than most of the broadcasters, if not #1, on some -- on many nights with an unduplicated reach that when an advertiser looks at us, they say, "Wow, for reaching -- I mean they're better." And now the broadcasters or the traditional broadcasters either haven't been investing or they can't invest now and so we have fresh content. And so when we looked at it, we said "It really is a win here." We did -- I believe we -- I know we did better than everyone, but it's more than that. 
Our CPMs have been kicking up, but maybe we get an extra couple of points. We established this Discovery Premier package. And in those cases, we're charging dramatically more. So the broadcasters are 60%, 62%, 64%. And we're in the 40s, the high 40s, the mid-40s, the low 40s, and we go up 50%, but we have better reach with more original content, with more engagement. And we found that really the ability to reach women with us and the engagement and the brands and the brand affinity. So I think we did great on the upfront, much better than we've ever done. I think we established all the work we've done over the last 3 years of saying here's what we are. Here's why we're more valuable.
In the long run, there's an argument that we should flip, if the broadcasters are running mostly rerun content. And we have original content, then why should they be in the 60s and we be in the 20s? If the package -- the core to the package is sports news and us, and we can provide consistent and reliable original content with high engagement. Why shouldn't we be in the 60s and they drop? So I think we're really pushing this issue of -- and getting a lot of traction that it's a real win-win. And I think Jon Steinlauf gets a lot of credit. We've been working on this for a couple of years, and we're really breaking through. So -- and we see it in scatter. We see it in scatter, a lot of strength because we have a lot of original content, and we have a lot of momentum.

And we think, interestingly, that this grand experiment of -- that we're all unfortunately going through here with the pandemic and operating remotely, we learned a lot. And we've also learned on the content side, how we could produce content for less, how that content can be more engaging and more compelling, how do we produce content, the fact that we're 90% back in production. And in the overall cost of our company, we think that there's real opportunity and you started to see -- you see it in the numbers. You're going to see it further. It's revealed real opportunities for us to continue to reduce costs in ways that shouldn't affect performance or investment in content, investment in content in the context of having the amount of original content that we need. We may be able to reduce investment because we could produce for cheaper and use that investment as we pivot to substantial exclusive content for our global platform, direct-to-consumer.

Okay. Thanks so much, Jessica. There has been a lot of restructuring, and I think that's a certain strategy of viewing all IP is one set of IP. IP is IP is IP. We don't believe that. We have a team that produces food content. We have a team that produces crime content. We have a team that produces natural history content at Discovery. And we think we've got the best teams. They understand the brands. They also know the best producers. We have the best producers engaged. We own a lot of the production companies with Mike Fries with All3.
And we think this idea of continuing to invest in great creative people, great content and having them understand a lane better than anybody else, the idea of producing HG right now has never been stronger. Kathleen Finch is one of the best creators I've ever worked with, and she's got a great team. The idea of dismantling that team and saying, "Okay, let's just produce shows," I think that may be good for cost, and it may work out if you're just doing broad entertainment and you're taking pitches. But for us -- it's working for us. And I think it's going to really drive -- continue to drive this -- the 2 engines that we have. One is our existing platforms. Outside the U.S., we're seeing some real strength in the traditional ecosystem.
And our share is growing, and we're doing very well, and we're generating massive free cash flow domestically and internationally. So we're not running from that. We think we're going to be able to get better pricing, as I've said. We're getting more share. If news calms down, we get -- we may get a lot more. And as these other companies decide, you know what, let's kind of -- let's move away from this platform. I think more and more people are going to what's really sticky and consumers could see where people are investing. And so I think that we're going to get a real benefit from that.
Having said that, I think we can save a lot of money, but we're not going to do it in the area of content and -- because it's going to pay off on both, the great content that we can create. We're learning a lot about what people want so badly that they'll pay for it. And how do we create and where do we put content. We'll make those same decisions. And we'll talk about that in December. And we've been at that now for a very long time quietly, but we think great content is what our company is about and owning it globally. That is what Discovery is, and that's what -- we're a global IP company. And we're not a distribution company. And so it's not a sidecar for us. It's what we do for a living.
We'll talk in December about what we're doing. You can get a little bit of a hint of it in -- with Sky. We think that a global platform that we can promote on our 10 to 12 channels, free-to-air and cable around the world, that we could have a mix of content that's truly unique with huge scale is going to pay a big benefit for us and will differentiate us locally and globally. And Sky is just a piece of that strategy, and we'll explain more of it in December.

We're in the AVOD business here in the U.S. with our GO product. We'll talk to you a little bit more in December about that. It's going -- that has gone very, very well for us. We've been in the market with advertisers with the upfront with that product. We think we're going to improve that product in many ways significantly that will have some real opportunity for us. Ultimately, I think that getting -- we need to get our content in front of everyone, everywhere in the world, but we'll take you through what that balance is and which piece of that we're going to go at hard. We've thought about it a lot. We've already been at it a lot. And we'll give you the detail and the backup in early December.

Sure. Thanks so much. Well, look, we were encouraged by Tom Rutledge's performance. I mean it's pretty compelling. He's running a hell of a company, and the beneficiary is the country getting more access to broadband and turning the corner on cable subs. Comcast had a very good quarter. So it feels like sports was off the platform. We were in the middle of a tough pandemic. People were maybe saying, "You know what? Let me go buy Netflix, maybe that's good enough." It's hard to predict these things.
The good news for us is we're on all platforms, and we probably have the best carriage in terms of skinny bundles. Our content has never been stronger. Our scale has never been higher. And we've done very well in all of our renewals and getting everything carried. And so what looks like it may be a stabilization is very good for us.
On T-Mobile, I think I've said enough. In the end, our stuff is carried on the broad platforms and then it is good for us. If in addition to that, someone wants to take the great content that we have and offer it in a smaller bundle for less money, that's good, but not that way.

Thanks a lot, Michael. Look, there is a lot of pure -- there is a lot of content out there, AVOD, SVOD. The good news is that there seems to be a big appetite. One of the challenges is curation. The idea of, hey, here's more and here's more free, I think in the end, people don't just want more stuff. They want stuff they know. They want stuff they love, and they need to be able to curate it. I think that Iger has been quite clever. In some ways, it's a little bit retro, but it's quite clever in -- with the very successful Disney+.
If you look at it, I'm an old cable guy and when people watch cable, it works because of curation. Everyone has their favorite 6 channels. There may be 200, but everyone has their favorite 6. When you look at Disney, you see those handles. You see Marvel. You see Star Wars. You see Disney Family. It's very clever. They're always together. And it says in a blaring light, we're not just a whole lot of stuff. Those are handles where you can come in and see the stuff you love. And it's almost like those are the 5 channels. And so it's quite compelling.
I think the challenge the marketplace is having is there's just a huge amount of content that's the same, movies and scripted, and they're kind of yelling above each other, "Hey, I got this new series." Well, it's hard. Here it is. Here's what it's about. Here's who it's starring. And so in some ways, I think it's very good for us that the marketplace is getting driven with a huge amount of dollars and people are getting more and more used to paying and going to content and consuming it on all platforms. That's really good for us.
I think what's even better for us is that all that stuff looks the same. And it's very expensive to market. You have to explain what the series is about, who's in it, why they should want to see it. They already have all this other stuff that looks a lot like it. So we'll take you through it, but we think that our library, we sell very little. We've been holding our content for this moment for a long time, and we're going to go very well with everyone. We're going to look very different than everyone. And when people see our brands and our characters, they're going to know very well who we are and whether they like us and whether we have real value. And I think there'll be a lot of comfort in looking at us and that's saying, "Oh, no, another 50,000 hours of content." They look at us and go, "I think that's the stuff I love." And we'll talk to you more about it in December.

We're just -- we just take a look at what we have when we've been holding on to it. And this idea that you can sell your content outside the U.S., you could sell some of your best stuff to other players and still do well, you could sell some of your best stuff to 3 other players and then come out with what's remaining of that and do well or have your stuff be nonexclusive because a lot of other people have it, those strategies may turn out to be good. You certainly make more near-term money. But we think it's dilutive and it's confusing.

Thanks, David. We are doing very well on the digital side and our pricing is very good. We've been taking those dollars on GO, and it's been strong. We'll talk to you more in December about how we think we could take more advantage of that. October -- as we said, October was flat. November feels good. And I think unlike maybe many of the others, we did have some political, but it wasn't in the top 5 of our advertising. I think we've been doing well because we're a lot more confident on what we have in the marketplace and the value that we present.
And we've been doing very well in scatter on pricing. We expect that to continue. And we've been -- we are forming this alliance with many of the advertising agencies that are looking at the restructuring and saying, "Who's still doing a lot of original content that's dependable on this platform? Where's the engagement? And what's the pricing?" And so I feel like we're breaking through on that. And on the upfront, the upfront was very healthy for us. There was some talk about the upfront really changing dramatically. I think there will be a calendar upfront, but the upfront was quite healthy.

One point on the -- there's always a balance when you do these deals. We're pretty well protected, which is our benefit and the distributors' benefit that we're carried on all tiers, that we're carried broadly. And we may have -- even though we got significant increases on all of our deals, maybe we could have gotten a little bit more. But in the end, from our perspective, getting that full protection, and I think that, that was also something that was easy for the distributor to give.
On GOLFTV, between golf and cycling and the Eurosport player, we've been gathering data and information. We also have a lot of these other niche products that we've been offering. We'll talk to you in December about what we've learned, how we think what we've learned and where we're really accelerating and where we're finding it a little hotter and the balance with some of these platforms with AVOD, where people come in and can spend a lot of time and then versus -- and then have another tier where they pay on some products like some of the niche products that we have and whether niche really in the long term is -- with some, it might make sense. With others, we might be better off putting it all together and having a very unique offering. And we'll talk to you about what we've learned about that and why we have this aggressive strategy that we're taking global in -- that we'll talk to you about in December.

Thanks, Ben. Well, I certainly would agree on the Scripps deal. Ken Lowe was brilliant. He's a real entrepreneur. He built HGTV from nothing. He took food which was a free service and enhanced it and invested in it, and he built the hell of a company with great leadership. We're very lucky he's still on our Board. He's been a close friend of mine for 30 years. I've learned a ton from him, and he continues to lean in with us, and it's one of the big benefits that we have. We've become one company.
We -- when we bought it -- when we bought Scripps, we were generating $1.4 billion in free cash flow. They were generating $650 million. And we -- maybe we were $1.3 billion. And we said we thought we can get to $1 billion. 18 months later, we had over -- an incremental billion in free cash flow, and it's been sustained in an aggressive way. Our share has grown dramatically. We've taken all the great creative leaders that Ken brought, and we took that content and took it around the world, some channels, some on platforms.
What it showed was in 18 months, we went from 4.7x leverage to below 3.5x. We -- if the right asset came up, there's nobody that has more synergy than us. We're in every country. We -- even -- the fact that we have channels in every country, free-to-air and cable, they're not just channels now. They're marketing machines for direct-to-consumer. They're marketing machines for product. And we have infrastructure everywhere. And so what we learned is we can do it, we can do it quick, and we can do it while we're growing our business.
Having said that, we have a hell of a global IP company right now. It's hugely differentiated from everyone in the marketplace. The marketplace is behind schedule in getting -- in feeding their IP. So we've -- we never shut down our IP production. We learned that we could produce for less more authentically during the pandemic. We're back up in business And we have a hell of a hand right now. And we're competing against a load of players that don't have local, can't expand outside the U.S. until they get local or can't afford to get local. And a lot of what the content that they have looks very much like what everyone else has. And when something comes up, they all bid on the next big item. And so we come out with an educated marketplace, very, very differentiated.
And with the amount of free cash flow our existing business is generating and growing in market share, with pricing that looks really pretty compelling on the advertiser side because globally, our share and our performance is being recognized, it looks like we got this free cash flow machine that's way outperforming globally. And we got all this IP we've been holding on to and all this IP we've been producing and quietly holding on to. And -- so I don't think we need anything.
If something -- there's a lot of people that might say, "If we come into you, we'd be more diversified. There'd be a huge amount of synergy." But from our perspective, it has to help us grow a lot faster or it has to add real IP that we think is going to further differentiate and further scale us. So I think right now, we've got a hell of a hand, and we think -- and when -- we'll take you through it in December. And when we take it around the globe, we'll see if we're right.