Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Q4 and Full Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. We delivered a quarter and year of outstanding progress. For 2019, I'm pleased to report that we met or exceeded all of our core guidance metrics and strategic objectives, and we feel terrific looking ahead into 2020. We continued to deliver on the many promises we made to our shareholders over the last few years. Promises made, promises kept. 
On free cash flow, we set a goal of $3 billion for the combined Discovery and Scripps. And this year, we over-delivered with $3.1 billion of free cash flow, which is even more impressive given the substantial direct-to-consumer investments we are making. We are a free cash flow machine. I said when we closed on Scripps that free cash flow will be like a moat in turbulent times, the $3 billion plus in free cash flow, like bullets or weapons that we could use. Promises made, promises kept. 
On leverage, we had promised to bring leverage down from 4.8x following our deal to our target range of 3x to 3.5x by the end of 2019. And by the end of Q4, our leverage was all the way back down to 3x, in large part driven by the $1.1 billion in free cash flow that we generated in Q4 alone. Promises made, promises kept. 
We expressed our strong desire to return capital to shareholders once we reached our target leverage range. And in only 10 months, we exhausted our initial $1 billion authorization, and we are reloading as our Board just approved an additional $2 billion authorization. Promises made, promises kept. 
We identified international expansion as a key upside opportunity for our Scripps acquisition. This year, we expanded distribution of our lifestyle brands to an additional 100 million new households across both free-to-air and pay, with food and home content and channels supporting our significant international growth in 2019. All of which speaks to the truly unique position we enjoy within the industry, supported by the best and most stable management team in media today. We continue to deliver consistent execution even in the face of a rapidly changing ecosystem. 
In the U.S., we delivered solid advertising growth in the face of difficult domestic ratings trends. And 5% domestic affiliate revenue growth was supported by our broad coverage across the virtual MVPD landscape, with better carriage more broadly than virtually any other media company in the U.S. International advertising revenue growth of 5% was in part driven by continued strength in our commercial share, while international affiliate growth once again achieved double digits, reflecting underlying tailwinds for both linear and direct-to-consumer. 
In 2019, we also accelerated our direct-to-consumer pivot with a focus on 2 key pillars: Number one, big scalable view products like our broad aggregated apps in Europe, Dplay, Joyn and the TVN Player. These are local language, local sports, Hulu-like platforms, and we are seeing superb and very encouraging momentum and acceleration in trends in this space. The key to these over-the-top products is that they're local, local, local. 
In addition, we have our best-in-class aggregated GO streaming apps in the U.S., which continue to grow quickly and show meaningful scaled growth. And as we've mentioned previously, we are focusing hard at aggregating our brand into an OTT service here in the U.S., a major focus for our management team and me as we look to reach all passionate fans across all platforms and methods of distribution with our great IP, our great characters and our great stories. 
The second key pillar is our growing affinity View and Do products focused on our passion verticals like food, sports and lifestyle. Much of the content on our View and Do platforms have largely been amortized and afford us an incremental monetization opportunity, a second bite at the apple, and also encompasses our short-form strategy with our Group Nine investment and their strong affinity brands like NowThis, The Dodo and PopSugar. We like our hand in this rapidly evolving ecosystem, and I have total conviction on the simple but valuable principle: Audiences love our content. They now just want to see it on all platforms. 
The landscape that is emerging plays to our strengths and to our strategic advantage. We generated over $700 million of next-gen and direct-to-consumer revenue in 2019 and are well on our way to exceed $1 billion in 2020, representing a major milestone for us. And it underscores the solid traction we are seeing across all components of our strategy. Our organization is more aligned than ever around this priority. 
Starting in 2020, a significant percentage of our employee incentive compensation across all levels and rank will be measured by how well we perform against our next-gen and direct-to-consumer goals. Whether measured by our vast library, 60,000 hours, nearly 2x the size of Netflix, our current pipeline of 8,000 new hours we produce a year, with the milestone we crossed and held for more than half of last year as the #1 most watched portfolio in the United States for women across all of television, we have a very strong portfolio of brands that are consistently ranked at the top of consumer preferences for brand strength and loyalty. We have passionate superfans, authentic talent and characters that are loved in America and around the world: Oprah, Chip and Jo, the Property Brothers, Guy Fieri, Bobby Flay, we could go on and on. 
And we are not a renter. We own and control almost all of our IP globally. We will continue to serve viewers within the traditional linear ecosystem, much like we've done for decades. And we now serve them better than anyone within the virtual MVPD landscape, where we are more widely distributed than any of our peers. And we serve them within our authenticated GO apps, where the average age of our users are below 30. 
We also believe our aggregate content is very strong on a stand-alone basis and in addition would be a great complement to the many other scripted and AVOD/SVOD platforms that are already in the marketplace. We're differentiated, and we fit well with all of them. 
And of course, while being mindful of the balance and importance of the linear pay TV business, we are positioned to create dual revenue stream direct-to-consumer platforms. And we continue to evaluate the possibility of offering an aggregated platform of all of our channels, brands and personalities, quite possibly with the help of any number of distribution partners in the U.S. and around the world. We believe there are a number of direct-to-consumer business models that are scalable, sustainable economically and rational from a cost perspective as we expand and complement the linear ecosystem. And evaluating this opportunity set is a strategic imperative for our leadership team. As we sift through the analysis, we are confident that we are playing a different game than everyone else. 
The efficiency of our content is unparalleled. Our content costs are under control. And for our affinity fan bases, we are delivering them truly coveted appointment viewing. 
But the key variable that I keep coming back to that distinguishes us from our peers is not only the good storytelling and brands and characters we bring to our fans, storytelling and brands that drove more female viewers to our portfolio than any other for more than half of 2019, but the economics of our model. Our content is a small fraction of what's taking place on the other side of the ledger. The overbid, competitive, spiraling out-of-control costs for scripted, new and repeats is astounding. That is not who we are. We aren't paying hundreds of millions of dollars for content, original or repeats, that we can't even own. And accordingly, as we begin to scale our products to millions of subscribers, we'll see profitability very early on. 
Take TLC's 90 Day Fiance as a great example of what I've discussed. It is the most watched program on Sunday nights in all of television among all key demos and consistently outdelivers each and every single broadcast network in women 25 to 54 in prime. And we now have 90 Day and spin-offs dominating TV on Sunday and Monday nights almost all year at a cost per episode that is 1/10 of the cost of a scripted series. In addition, the 90 Day Fiance franchise now airs across 170 countries, making it one of our top-rated shows globally. The power of fully owned global IP. 
Outside the U.S., we're very excited about the success of our locally differentiated Hulu-like products, such as Dplay. These assets are becoming a meaningful part of our strategy in many key markets. Our JV in Germany, Joyn, crossed 7 million monthly average users only 6 months after launch. And we recently added an SVOD tier, underpinned by ambitious plans for 12 new and exclusive series this year in German language, local. 
And we plan to combine and launch our TVN Player with Polsat to create the preeminent destination for Polish language content in this important and our largest European market. We are actively exploring additional opportunities to expand our model to other major markets in partnership with local programming leaders, perhaps in other JV-type models, where we believe we offer a winning solution for incumbent broadcasters to align and create compelling packages for consumers. You should expect that we will accelerate OTT services, such as our stand-alone aggregated app in Europe. 
2020 is going to be a year where we really begin to fuel what's working, where we believe we have a strong hand to play, and Dplay is one of those key areas for us. Expect us to play a bit more offense in select markets, particularly where consolidation in distributors means we have to push harder to get full value for our richer content portfolio. One such market where this is taking place is in Denmark, and we are pushing ahead far more aggressively with our OTT solution. 
In some countries like Sweden, for example, Dplay will be the only place fans can watch Allsvenskan, the local Swedish football league with 200-plus games. It's a must-have and compelling content in the marketplace and in part, the reason why Dplay continues to be the fastest-growing SVOD service in the Nordics. Local entertainment, local sports, it's a great combination. 
We intend to push Dplay expansion to nearly double the number of markets over the next year, up from 10 markets currently, supported by a robust technology platform and exclusive local content. And it's likely we will see some near-term impact as we accelerate its push. The cadence of affiliate fee growth will become a bit lumpier during this process. However, we are confident of the longer-term financial and strategic payoff. And keep in mind, as I said earlier, our costs and margin profile will enable us to achieve our financial goals at much lower subscriber levels than many of our leading DTC player competitors. And our affinity View and Do platforms are completely differentiated from the intensely expensive and competitive fight taking place on the scripted side of the industry. 
Food Network Kitchen continues to ramp up very nicely. We and our partners at Amazon are pleased with the very strong engagement, product ratings and functionality of the service. We recently announced a great distribution arrangement with Sur La Table here in the U.S., opening up Food Network Kitchen to an incredibly targeted audience base. And stay tuned for additional distribution and marketing pushes that we have in the works. 
For Eurosport, we are within 6 months of broadcasting our second Olympics across Europe and across all screens. This is our first Summer Games, and we'll have 3x as many events as the Winter. Our teams have been hard at work preparing for the challenge. We are excited to outdeliver the amazing set of games we delivered in 2018, supported by vast improvements in our technology, programming expertise and the delivery platforms. 
To finish, it is an unprecedented time in our industry. Not only is it measured by the magnitude of change, but also by the speed of that change. We feel confident that our strategic agenda, the fact we are one of the few media companies that own almost all of our content globally, combined with the strength of our brands in connection with passionate audiences, all position us for long-term, sustainable growth. We are singularly focused on strong execution and operational discipline and are always guided by an entrepreneurial zeal that got us to where we are today. This work continues to fuel our strides in building the next generation of growth for Discovery as we position our business within an industry undergoing generational transformation. 
I'd now like to turn the call over to Gunnar.

Thanks, Steven. Well, first on the BBC deal, when you put together their library with ours, we really see it as the definitive collection of science and natural history. And as Iger went after the big brands when he did Marvel, if you think about the big brands, we have the overwhelming majority of nature and science and the big brands, whether it's Planet Earth, Frozen Planet, Walking with Dinosaurs, Blue Planet and everything that's produced by us and the BBC under those names for the next decade. And so we think that that could be quite compelling. And what we're looking at is, we own that globally outside of the U.K. and China, their library. 
Do we go globally with this family product, which we've been getting a lot of data on, which looks quite differentiated and very compelling? Or in some cases, do we put that together? When you think about what we have here in the U.S. where for a big portion of last year, we were #1 in America for women, beating every one of the media companies. And the quality of our brands, do we put those together? And as we look at the marketplace, we see that a lot of these SVOD services, scripted series, scripted movies competing with each other, look a lot alike, a lot of the same movies on them, and people are going to be looking to figure out what could I have in addition to that, those that are not on traditional cable, that will provide a real package of content that they love and that they know how to curate. 
And curation is going to be a big issue with a lot of these SVOD platforms and is. One of Netflix big advantages is that algorithm, but people are still confused what should I watch next. And when you take a look at us, Discovery and BBC or Discovery and Planet Earth and those logos, and if you look at what Disney is doing and then you see Oprah and Chip and Jo and Food and HG and TLC and ID, most people would take a look at that, and they seem to be saying, "Oh, that's all my favorite stuff." And they feel great about it. 
And so that's what we're looking at, and that's what we're looking at globally. Do we aggregate? Or do we do we go into the silos, the very powerful superfan silos, like golf and cycling? And we'll be making that determination soon. But we think this combination of incredibly high-quality content for women that they love and know how to navigate, with great characters and brands, together with the definitive collection of science and nature, in my generation, whether it was World Book or Encyclopedia Britannica, no kid should go to college without watching the majority or a lot of that stuff. How compelling could that be? And what would the churn on a product like that be? And that's what we're looking at.

On Magnolia, we're going to launch the channel itself. Chip and Jo are doing great. We've been -- we've greenlit a load of content. They're producing all of it out of Waco. We have a huge team down there. And they're producing a lot of content, which they're involved in directly. And we're going to just make the determination of when we do the direct-to-consumer and how we aggregate it, and we'll do that soon. But right now, the content looks great. Chip and Jo's popularity have never been higher, and they're super excited. And we're getting on terrifically well.

You see on the scripted series, scripted movie side in that very competitive environment, huge checks being -- with big battles for extra nourishment. Think of the scale of what we have in terms of the ability to nourish subscribers domestically and internationally. Because that content is not only in English, it's in every language.

Well, first, we're delivering, like 20% of the audience. And we're not proud of this, but we're getting less than 5% of the money. So -- and they're selling in our channels. And our channels have great affinity and very good CPM opportunity for appetite for the cable guys. So we're an extremely good value, which we're trying to push on and advance, but we're an extremely good value, number one. 
And number two, we're probably the best actor in the industry. When you look around, we're not selling some of our best IP. No one's waking up and going, whoa, you sold your best IP to Netflix. You sold your best IP to Amazon. We don't do that. And when we walk in and talk to our distributors, they're like, what's going on? Why are people doing that? Why are they taking great content off the bundle and getting -- trying to get short-term economics? We're not doing that. Which gives us a real equitable position. And we have great relationships with our distributors. So we start with them. I was talking to Rutledge last night. And we're in discussions with all of our distributors. 
The GO platform is a great example. Hundreds of millions of dollars of young people that grew up watching our channels, Discovery, Food, HG, ID, that are consuming it on other devices, and we're monetizing it. And so there's a lot of win-wins here, where we can take great content and figure out how to get Charter, Comcast, Cox, AT&T, Charlie, how do they figure -- there's ways that we can work together to create more value. 
But the key for us is, we have to reach everybody. We have this incredible content that people love. And we've assembled most of the great brands and great characters outside of scripted and movies. And it's what people spend about 40% of their time on, and they've been doing that for the last 50 years. They love that content. And so we feel good about it. The cable guys aren't going to wake up and find out what we're doing. They're going to be in rooms with us figuring out what we're doing that creates more value for both of us. They have lots of broadband-only subs that they're only selling Netflix to. And they don't like it, and we don't like it.

Which we took out a long time ago.

Right now, we're looking at -- we think that we're the best global IP company. And we're the only company that has it in every language with the depth that we have. And so right now, our strategy is to keep it all for ourselves. And if we do partner, it would be partnering more like what we did with ProSieben or what we did with Polsat, which we're finding as effective. 
In the ecosystem of what do we think looks really scalable and exciting, I'm personally super excited about this local language, local sports and partnering with other local broadcasters across Europe and Latin America. There is no other company that could do that. There might be a bunch of companies that would like to do it. But we're in every country, we have a significant library in every country. We have commercial teams in every single country. And you could just -- that idea and the way that people are reacting to it, it's just you have Netflix out there and Disney+ coming, 2 great, great products, but they are always going to be 90-10, 80-20. And this idea of having local sports and local content feels quite good to us, and we'll keep you up-to-date on that. Peter, do you want to talk about our...

On the AVOD, I think it's pretty fluid in terms of AVOD/SVOD. And the way that the world used to think about this was everything had to be subscription. But for instance, in the cycling and golf space, being able to aggregate millions and millions of people that love, that have an affinity for free for golf or for cycling and have that and aggregate that globally is quite attractive to advertisers. And you also have the ability to do shopping-type applications, so that you can view golf as having a subscription level, but also like a virtual global broadcast network for people that love golf. They might not be -- they might have to pay to watch Thursday through Sunday, but they can come and they can read about the golf course. They can see short form from Tiger. 
They can see -- get a little bit of instruction. They can figure out where to go on a golf vacation. And more and more, we're seeing that advertisers are saying to us, "We want to get access to those people." Same on cycling, same with food. We've built a very big funnel under food for people that want recipes. And so that balance of, how much do you put behind the paywall, and how much you put below is something that we're trying to figure out. 
But this idea of getting affinity groups globally, we think AVOD, aggregating a global virtual broadcast network of people that want recipes and love food, that could be quite monetizable. And so we think that that's a -- and remember, one of the big advantages for us is we're owners. And so we're really -- we don't -- we really don't want to get into the business of buying a product and then going out and trying to rent for a very high cost. And then 2 to 3 years later, you got to pay up to keep it. So we really like our model. And we think AVOD actually is compelling. And over time, we'll take you through these big funnels of AVOD and how we're monetizing them from advertisers or for transaction. And then the subscription side, which we still think is going to be a very compelling piece and is a piece that we're driving around the world.

The biggest challenge over the next decade, with people consuming more content than ever and everything being available is curation. What do I watch? Basic cable had real curation. It was that everyone -- everybody watched 6 to 8 channels. But everyone in the family had a different 6 to 8. In the Wild West world of every -- all the IP is out there. Even if you subscribe to a lot of these services, the big challenge is going to be when you get there, do you have anxiety? Are you confused? Do you know how to navigate it? What's there that I love? And I think one of the big advantages that we're finding in the testing that we're doing is when people land on our products, AVOD or SVOD, the reaction is, oh, this is -- there are the brands that I love. I know exactly where to go. There are the characters that I love. I want to spend more time with them. And I think that is going to be over the long term, a huge value to us versus going out and telling everybody to watch a show.

Sure. Well, I think we have a great portfolio of quality channels, and they go up and down. I think, for us, we're laser-focused. It's what we do for a living. TLC right now is the #1 channel in America for women by a lot. And it's the youngest of all the channels, and the length of view has gone up dramatically. And TLC was like the #18 channel in America, and a lot of our new content wasn't working 3 years ago. So we focused on who is the audience, what are we doing right, how do we do more of it. We've been doing the same thing at Discovery. Last year, we really enhanced our blue-chip content, which has significantly elevated the brand. We went out and bought almost all of the quality IP together with the best producers to shore up the quality brand, which we think is a -- in terms of sustainable growth is very critical. And we've been working on series, and Nancy Daniels and the team, you could see it, where really Discovery is really improving and we're moving -- every quarter. 
ID, we're looking -- ID was growing and growing for the last 9 years. For the last 9 months, it's been declining. And so you're going to see a significant refresh. Henry Schleiff and Kathleen have been working hard on it. We'll be launching that relatively soon. And so for us, I think, this is what we do for a living. This is the car that we drive, we get in. When we hear a noise, we know what's wrong with it. You can't always, because of cycle, fix it as quickly as you'd like. But we're quicker with our channels because we don't have scripted. And so I think that you'll see some improvement on that, and you'll see that our -- you'll see us quarter-to-quarter. It won't be all channels, but we feel quite good about that. 
The bigger challenge that we have right now, that we're getting much more excited about, is how we aggregate that IP. I think we're on to something in Europe. And we're looking to land it here in the U.S. with the right mix.

Hey, Peter, do you want to go first?

Yes. On aggregating our content, the appeal of our content to people on other platforms, we've seen a lot have prove-out in GO. And one of the things that I wanted to point out is we are driving people to GO because we make twice the CPM on that platform as we do on the traditional platform. And the length of view is higher and the age is younger. And so one of the things, when you look at our ratings, is you don't see that all day long, we're telling people on Food and HG and ID and Discovery to go to GO and OWN. And every time somebody goes to GO, it's ca-ching for us. And they're spending more time with us, they're on the devices, and we're getting double the money. 
And so for us, number one, when you look at our ratings, unlike anybody else, we are literally pushing people off-platform because from a -- and it's one of the reasons you can see like you did last quarter and the quarter before that, hey, it looks like your ratings were down, how did you do so well? Because we're pushing people to a better monetization platform. 
We are talking to distributors. And we'll come out when we're ready. We want to come out with something that works for them, works for us. But there's no question that we think, because of the monetization on the advertising side, that we can replicate the economics 100%, number one. 
Number two is that the value of what we're offering, when you look at our aggregate package and all the IP that we have, and someone's paying $110 for cable, $80 for cable, and they grew up watching all of our stuff. And now they can -- if we decide to aggregate that, they would have a chance to see all the stuff they love for a lot less, so we think on both ends of the ledger. And the answer may be that we do both in a way that's quite clever with the -- working with the distributors and then in the ecosystem for people that are paying, and -- which is what we're doing now with GO and having some aggregation there, which would drive viewership and increase the value of the overall experience for consumers, and then have people that are not on the -- that aren't subscribing to cable or satellite have an opportunity for very -- for not too much money to be able to get the best of what's on in cable with a bigger library than Netflix. 
And there may be some people that want to do -- a lot of people that want to do both. They want the optionality. So that's what we're trying to figure out. We're talking to the distributors. And we think we have -- because we own everything, we can move very quickly. And because we have the platform already in place, we can move very quickly. And I think you'll hear from us in the near term.