Good morning, and welcome, everyone, to our Q1 earnings conference call. These are clearly unprecedented times as we confront the challenge unlike anything in recent history. I want to start by thanking frontline heroes everywhere for the life-saving work, especially here in New York, which has had a big battle on its hands, the doctors, nurses, EMTs and all of the first-responders. And on behalf of all of us at Discovery, we thank you.
I am enormously proud of how our leadership team and employees have stepped up and pulled together during this time. They have done so with resilience, heart and creativity. Their health and safety is everything to us at Discovery and to me. With meaningful populations across Asia, Latin America and Europe, we have been at this for about 3 months starting with office closures across Asia in January. 
I'm proud to say that our business has not missed a beat. Our early and continued investment in technology and automation, and moving our broadcast and global infrastructure into the cloud is serving us very well at this time. We are extremely pleased with the level of productivity, the morale of our employee base, and how well we are able to serve viewers, advertisers and our key partners, even as we work remotely. We continue to have great command and control across our businesses everywhere in the world. 
With so much macro uncertainty, there are obviously a lot of questions at this time about impacts on our business, the direction of the economy and markets and the broader video ecosystem, all well founded, and we are left with a number of unknowns ourselves. Yet, these uncertain times highlight the distinct characteristics of Discovery's business and the strategic advantages that set us apart.  
We have content leadership in core genres that are durable, popular and differentiated. We have an efficient low-cost content production model with global appeal that offers viewers and partners safe and positive brand environments. We have short production cycles that provide us with the ability to refresh our deep library quickly and efficiently. And we have demonstrated this with more than 50 self-shot shows turned around in weeks, sometimes days, including the extension of our TLC juggernaut 90 Day Fiance: Self-Quarantined.  
We have a deep and broad library that we can reach into to nourish and entertain a wide range of consumers globally. And we have revenues that are 40% long cycle. They're contracted affiliate fees and an asset mix largely insulated from some of the most near-term challenge segments, namely, theme parks, cruise ships, scripted production, film studios, among others. Our core programming genres, trusted brands and authentic real-life talent offer comfort, familiarity and consistency to families and viewers around the world, something that is very relevant during this cultural moment.  
Our talent is enthusiastically creating new content at a time when most others can't. They are proudly taking us into their homes, their kitchens, garages, gardens or basement science labs. And this is truly what we and what our personalities are all about. We're about authentic, real-life storytellers. As I've always said, we are strongest when we are closest to real and in the moment with our viewers. We've never been so much so as we are right now.  
As an example, look at Ree Drummond, The Pioneer Woman from Food Network. Along with her band of kids that are filming her in her home, she is producing fresh episodes that audiences love, and she is having fun and relaxed around her family in her home, and it shows and resonates. She is nourishing viewers in a truly authentic way.  
A few weeks ago, Joanna Gaines took viewers into their home kitchen with a special in The Kitchen quarantine episode on Food Network, which was mostly filmed by the Gaines kids. Close to 3 million viewers tuned in, the network's highest-rated in The Kitchen ever. And a little over a week ago, we leveraged DIY's newly expanded reach for a 4-hour block to preview Magnolia Presents: A Look Back & Look Ahead. The special drew over 2.5 million viewers, DIY's highest ever. 
But more tellingly, the 7 p.m. episode on DIY with Chip and Joanna was second only to CBS's 60 Minutes in the time slot. It also helped to drive a meaningful uptick on GO for DIY. We believe there is a huge and special appetite for Chip and Jo, 2 strong and authentic voices, and they are curators across television and streaming, supported by their combined almost 20 million followers on Instagram alone. Their inspiring focus on home, family, food, faith and community has never been more resonant than now. We're seeing that with everything they come in contact with, including Jo's cookbooks, which were #1 and 2 on The New York Best Seller (sic) [ The New York Times Best Seller ] list last week. The audience reaction and viewership we have already seen for Chip and Jo, as well as their programming, gives us a real sense of confidence that we will be able to successfully launch Magnolia Network to a very large audience, both on cable and online. Viewers in general, who are home around the world are indeed finding us.  
In April, our portfolio continued to outperform the marketplace with significant ratings growth, led in prime time in the U.S. by TLC, the #1 cable network among women. And the function and utility of networks like the Food Network, HGTV, DIY and the Cooking Channel has driven meaningful viewership gains. And we are proud to have supported the many global distribution partners that have asked to include a number of our channels in their free previews for broader availability to their viewers around the world during this time. While this incremental distribution will mostly be temporary, viewership across networks like DIY are up over 100%, and many of our networks are reaching all-time highs. We believe that some of these viewers who have reengaged or discovered our networks for the first time will continue to make us a part of their everyday viewing, even after this moment passes. 
Internationally, our portfolio has enjoyed a strong uptick, both in linear and in our DTC next-gen initiatives. In Q1, we delivered the highest-ever average audience for our total international portfolio, which was up 4% in overall share. Additionally, we saw best-ever viewership for a number of key brands in the quarter, including TLC, DMAX, HGTV and Food Network, the latter is driven by impressive growth in Italy and new network launches in Colombia, Peru and Ireland.
In terms of our streaming portfolio, Dplay, Motor Trend, TVN's Player, GO and Food Network Kitchen are all seeing strong upticks. And Food Network Kitchen also took a meaningful step forward last week with a strong and expanded Amazon partnership, which is offering this first-of-its-kind food and cooking products to tens of millions of their Fire TV users free for a year courtesy of Amazon, along with marketing by Amazon on Fire TV. And it's off to a great start. 
Gunnar will take you through the quarter and provide some color on the current state of play. So I'd like to offer some high-level thoughts on the industry and our place within it.  
Clearly, these are challenging times. And while there is significant uncertainty from a cyclical perspective, I don't subscribe to the view that consumption and behavioral patterns being shaped by the coronavirus will be permanently disruptive. The nearer-term question is, of course, what is the magnitude and duration of this quarantine moment? And what will an eventual recovery look like? In many countries, operating trends may worsen before they get better. But given our unique reach and coveted demos, we like our portfolio, and we really like our hands. Anchored by strong verticals and endemic advertisers, we have a differentiated offering when the marketplace resumes to more normalized operating conditions. And the idea that we will emerge will -- with significantly more share and having had for weeks or months people spending a lot more time with our channels, our characters and our brands, we think, will provide nothing put value.  
As for distribution, we naturally won't be immune from subscriber churn from pay-TV, particularly in cases where it is driven by economic pressures. Though we are as well represented as anyone across the OTT and skinny bundle landscape in the U.S. and around the world, and we continue to enhance our portfolio of global AVOD and SVOD content and lifestyle platforms. 
We've recently completed distribution renewals with some key partners in the U.S. for carriage of all of our channels. There was a time when many questioned whether in our renewals, we would be able to include all of our channels. We have, which underscores the value of our characters, our programming and most importantly, our brands. We remain confident in both our financial and operational model, which is one of the most efficient in the industry. We drive an unparalleled conversion of AOIBDA to free cash flow. And though there remain a number of moving pieces, we would expect this to continue. Gunnar and his team have been opportunistic and have done a great job managing our leverage portfolio and maturities, which he will touch on shortly.  
Lastly, we've adopted and evolved as a leadership team, and I am proud of our performance. And I'm confident that we will emerge a stronger and more focused company when we resume business as usual.  
Before I turn the call over to Gunnar, I'd like to once again thank our hardworking employees for their dedication and resiliency in this most uncertain time to deliver an outstanding product on a global scale. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Gunnar.

Sure. Why don't I get started, and then I'll pass it over to Gunnar. Having no sports is a challenge for all of us. But 90% of our deals have either force majeure provisions or provisions that specifically relate to us not paying for content that we don't get. And so I think we did a particularly good job in our sports deals, which we expect that they'll come back, and it will just be a move. But to the extent that they don't, we have a real opportunity with that. On the Olympics, we think it's going to probably be a little bit better for us because one of the issues with the Olympics is it's separated by such a long period of time. 
In terms of building our digital direct-to-consumer platform, the fact that we'll have summer and then winter only a few months apart, the fact that we can get advertisers in to both of them together where we could string it together. And we're hoping that when people get to Tokyo, it's going to be a real opportunity for people to get back together with a lot of excitement. I think when sports does come back, it's going to come back very big. People are really yearning for it. I'm excited in talking to Jay Monahan, who's doing a terrific job as Commissioner of PGA, and we're, as you know, partners around the world, hoping to come back in June and has a great plan for it, and we're rooting for that. I think that we really need -- we need sports.  
Having said that, what we're experiencing is different than what's here in the U.S. As I've said for a very long time, sports works differently outside the U.S. When people want sports, in most cases, it's on premium and then making the choice to pay for it. Here, we have an overstuffed bundle where sports has been stuffed in and leveraged in, which is one of the reasons why we see this, the challenge that the U.S. marketplace has been seeing, where subs are flat or slightly growing around the world and declining here. It's because 20, 30 -- between $20 and $30, sometimes more of sports rights are being paid by consumers, and they're not getting. And so right now, consumers in this difficult time, this really highlights the idea that there's a huge subsidy that's being paid for sports and now at a time when they're paying the subsidy, which creates I think, even more of a challenge when people say, "Why am I paying that?" And that may be one of the reasons why you're seeing some people disconnect.  
Having said that, I look at Food and HG and Cooking, we're the new sports. Our channels are the new sports. The numbers are huge. The engagement with our characters, with our talent is enormous. We're the real-time player right now on television, whether it's Mike Rowe on his couch or Guy Fieri or Ina Garten or Ree Drummond, where 350 hours of live content that's really working with our characters. And so we've skirted most of the sports issue, but I do think it's an overhang here in the U.S., and we're leaning into our channels like we are sports. We are real-time in many ways. And as you look at what's going on in the U.S., you have news networks and then you have TLC and HGTV as the big networks. 
So with that, I'll just say that Amazon, it just started a week ago, but whether they have 30 million or 40 million, they have tens of millions of subscribers to Fire. They love Food Network Kitchen. They're providing the opportunity for people to get that for a year for free, which we think is fantastic. The partnership is strong, and they're marketing it. And I agree with you that this is a moment where we can really shine with that. So Gunnar?

Sure. Well, look, I think the advantage to us right now is that people are spending a lot more time with our channels. Our share is up really significantly everywhere in the world, and it's 2 months here. It's longer than that in a number of areas in Europe and Asia. And behaviorally, people are spending a lot more time with our characters and our channels. And we think that, that's a huge benefit to us on this existing platform because there's a real habit here. And as well, we're seeing it in a meaningful way on GO. We're not able to fully monetize all the share, obviously, domestically and around the world. But it's -- we view this really as an important moment for us because as a company, our focus is to entertain and when we're at our best, to inspire. 
And that's what -- we have a great, great creative team that's doing all kinds of content from home. We're learning a ton. And it's resonating with distributors. They've come to us and say, "Could we add DIY, many of them to all of our subscribers? Can we add Cooking to all of our subscribers? You have a lot of other channels that are very strong, your Hispanic channels. Can we add them?" This is going on in Latin America, in Europe and the U.S., and they're getting very good feedback and the viewership is increasing significantly.  
And so I think the viewership we're getting, in the average age on GO of 26, the viewership we're getting for all of these channels and all of our characters around the world reinforces how valuable what we have is. And it also, as these distributors take a look in the U.S., there's going to be, I believe, more and more pressure on them because it's just becoming abundantly clear.  
First of all -- and after 2 months, people have been enjoying cable for 2 months, so it raises 2 questions. What am I paying all that money to sports for? But also, this is a great product. I'm spending a lot more time, and I'm really, really enjoying it. So what we should have in the U.S. is what everyone else has, which is a bundle of content that doesn't have sports that would be very affordable. And we would likely see a very quick turnaround in this issue of subscriber loss because we're saying, take it for 80, take it for 100 or don't take it at all. And even services like Philo is seeing -- which we're an investor at, is seeing big, big uptake in this idea, and then you even have the broadcasters. 
And so I'm hoping that you follow the behavior, you follow the need in the marketplace and you follow what's equitable and fair, and ultimately, it might put pressure on some of these big sports players that are bundling and forcing and leveraging and jamming to say even in this moment, "All right. Enough. Go ahead, and I'll give you more flexibility to give America what they want, a chance to buy a multichannel and broadcast package without stuffed sports."

We are -- we have been building. We have a very strong team. We have over 150 people, engineers working. We're slowed down a little bit because we can't hire new, but we're on track with our platforms, all of the problems we have outside the U.S. are working exceptionally well. They're ours. And the platform that we're working on here in the U.S. to give us full optionality to go right to the market is doing very well. And so I think you'll hear more from us, but I think our IP looks stronger. And more and more, a lot of these other platforms that don't have a lot of content are seeing how much people are spending time with us. And they're talking to us about whether our content would be available to them. And right now, we think our aggregate content is most valuable for us and for us to be able to continue to look at going to noncable subs ourselves.

I would just recommend that you all go to Fire. We're on the front page. We're getting equal billing with Hulu and some of the other big, great platforms. And there are some days where they put us on basically, take over most of the page. And so they're a great partner. They love the product, and we're rolling together.

Sure. On the sports side, we don't have anything in our existing deals. When you look at our aggregate package that people are paying for in Europe, what we're delivering to customers is meaningfully higher than it was before. Ratings are down significantly on Eurosport, and we'll be very excited when the sports comes back. But no, there's nothing in those existing agreements. But again, the sub fee, for whatever it's worth, is relatively small. It's very different than here in the U.S. It's not in the dollars or almost $10 range. It's much smaller. And so distributors tend to look at our overall delivery, and they're seeing -- we're one of the -- we're the top performer or one of the top performers in every market in terms of what we're delivering on a multichannel basis.  
On M&A, all I would say is that we -- took us a very short time to absorb Scripps. Ken Lowe built a great, great company with a great culture, and we've integrated it fully. We're really -- this is everything the best of what Ken built and the best of what we built. We have a great leadership team that's fully integrated. We view it as really the best of both companies, and it's presented that way. We're grateful for the great comfort channels that we -- that are now part of our portfolio here and around the world. It's been a huge help to us. We're so proud of those brands and all that great talent that was added. And we -- that deal worked out really well. As you know, we added over $1 billion in free cash flow, and we did it in 18 months, and we went from 4.8x to 3x levered to below 3.5x levered. And so I think what we showed to our Board and to ourselves is that this is what we do, and we do it well.  
Having said that, that was a really good transaction for us, not just because of synergy, but it was -- we really bought IT. And we bought something that, with great characters, that added to our overall bouquet. We believe that there's some good stuff out there, and great companies that might not be in the same kind of free cash flow position with the same kind of balance sheet as us. So we are looking at everything. We're going to be -- but we have a great hand right now. But I do think, depending on how this goes over the next several months, there will be some companies that have great IP or great assets that are facing some difficulty. And many of them, some of them have already come to us and said, "Hey, we look a lot better with you. You have all that free cash flow. Instead of having to cut all this and try and figure out if we could survive," And no other company has, "We have 10 to 12 channels in every country in the world. We have -- so we have synergy in every country. We have an ability to promote those channels of promotion in every country." 
And so we're going to be very careful and deliberate. We've got a great Board that's good at this. We have Bob Miron and the Newhouse family that are focused on quality and spending money on content and owning content globally. And we have John Malone, who's fully engaged in looking at our balance sheet and looking at our overall strategic assets around the world and seeing what would make us stronger. And so I think this is really a unique moment where we could lean into. We've got a great Board with -- and we have a great leadership team, and we have a great balance sheet. So we'll be patient. And if you see us do something, it will be because we think it's going to help us grow faster in this new and changing world.

Well, there is a divide in the market. And you'd expect that. It's such an unusual disruptive moment. But there's a number of the big -- we're talking to all of the big players. And they're going to ultimately make the decision for their advertising clients. I'd say more than 60% to 70% of them are saying -- or more than 50% are saying, "Hey, we're going to do a regular upfront." And a number of them are saying, "Maybe we shouldn't do a regular front. Maybe we should go later and see what happens and move later." We're open for business. We have fresh content when others don't. And one of the things that we're seeing is the live and engaged viewership on our channels have never been higher. And when people -- when the advertisers are putting on content that's in the moment that recognizes what's going on in the world, the viewership of those commercials are up dramatically. People are watching the commercials when they're talking about this is a tough moment in America, and here's what we're doing. People are watching it. And so we're open for business. 
Those that want to move in the traditional window, we'll move with them. Those that want to move later, we'll move with them. And it's not for us to decide who's going to do better. It may be that the ones that moved early do a lot better and maybe the ones that move later do better, but we're open for business. And in the meantime, we're reducing our -- look, to the extent that we're not sold, we're reducing the amount of inventory that we're selling. And we're finding that, that also is helping our ratings. And that's something we need to do as an industry anyway.

Okay. Gunnar will -- I'll have Gunnar answer. Why don't you start off, Gunnar, with answering that, the second part?

Well, the only other thing I'd say is that there was a lot of talk. We even changed over the last several years so that more than 80% of our value was against our top A channels. But all of our channels were renewed right now and in -- and we got additional carriage for some of our channels in the renewals, in some cases, meaningful additional carriage. And we -- after FOX NEWS launched, the next channel that launched was OWN, which became the #1 channel for African-American women. That was us launching new assets with new IP that we can take around the world. Then ID, which became the #1 channel or #2 channel for women in all-day, which was our second asset that -- and we think, now looking at DIY in the ratings and the fact that it's in more homes and what Chip and Joanna Gaines have been able to do and the reception for the great content that they created not even just what they're doing themselves, but their curation and taste, that we have a chance to launch another good asset, really good asset that advertisers love, both on cable and in digital. So we're very pleased with.
The negative is that, look, we're cheaper than 1 regional sports network. So in some ways, we're providing all these value with all these characters, and we are the new sports, our key networks. But on the other hand -- so we're very inexpensive. And I think the power of our channels is much more now as they take a look -- as operators take a look, distributors, how much time are people spending with Food and HG? They're watching it all. The length of view is higher than almost any channel in -- on cable. And so I think the good news is that we were able to do good deals. The issue is that we're not getting paid close to what we deserve, a fraction of what we deserve for what we're delivering. But we're going to keep working on.

Sure. Look, Kathleen Finch is just a great creative executive, Nancy Daniels. We have creative leaders at each of our channels, and we have go-to talent that are authentic. They love to cook. They -- Mike Rowe, I've been on the phone with him 3 times in the last week with ideas of what he could do and the excitement of shooting before the catch from his couch. So we have a fully engaged creative team. And as Gunnar said, over 50 projects, 350 hours. 
And one of the things that we're -- this idea of we're best when we're closest to real, if you're scripted, the talent on there, they can come out and people know them. But the idea that we can get Guy Fieri even close to live and maybe even eventually live from his kitchen, from his barbecue. And we have found that the audience will go with us. And in some cases, they love it. "Oh, look at that, look at Guy. His son is shooting it. I wonder what his son looks like. Look at his living room. Look at his kitchen. Guy, what's that book behind you there? Did you get any recipes from that?" And so we're seeing big social energy around it. Our talent is getting stronger. 
So we already had a short cycle, but now we're finding that we can produce all this content, and it's dramatically cheaper. And in many cases, it feels more authentic and the audience loves it. And so we're just leaning into it. Kathleen and Nancy and the whole team, Courtney White and Jane Latman. Jane runs HG and Courtney runs Food. They're -- we're on the phone with them every day. They're just super excited and so is the whole creative team that they could do this. And so I think you're going to see a robust slate of content from us that will continue. And there will be others that will be idle. We won't be idle. 
Our issue is going to be, where is the advertising market. I think there's no question every week, our ratings go up. Every week, people are spending more time with our portfolio. And they're enjoying it more. And so the question for us simply is that we're dramatically under monetizing it right now, which is okay, but we're also learning that with less commercials, we're actually finding that we're doing better. So I think the slate is going to be a huge advantage for us and our characters, and their engagement is a huge advantage. 
On Dplay, we -- I think we have the right strategy, local sports, local entertainment and large library of local entertainment that you grew up on. It's compelling. It's -- and it's understandable. So okay, I got Disney+, great product. I have Netflix, great product. I got Amazon Prime, great product. But almost all of them are very little amount of local. Whereas we're local, local, and people get it and it's growing, and we're leaning into it. In some cases, we've decided to lean harder. And that's what you see that we did in Denmark because it's a market that has been accelerating with direct-to-consumer. They have a huge penetration of broadband, high speed. And so we're leaning into it. And JB and his team are doing a great job with it. And we think the strategy is starting to break through. It's going to take more time, but this moment is putting a lot more attention on all the direct-to-consumer products in a good way.

Okay. Thank you so much. One point that I wanted to just add to the answer to John is, look, on Golf, on the Eurosport player, on Cycling, where we don't have sports, it's dropped off significantly as you would expect. And our free funnel is fine where people are coming in and they're reading from Golf Digest, and they're seeing some short form content. But the fact that we don't have live sports is having a meaningful impact on those businesses, as you'd expect. And we think when they come back, it will kick in.  
In terms of traditional production, there's some that have come back a little bit in Asia, but it's mostly shut down. We do have -- we have a lot of content that was shot that we're working on. We have content in our library. We're shooting new, but the ability to actually -- we're not pushing for anyone to get out. We had this moment after we closed down where we had a number of cases. As you know, we have over 10,000 employees. And it was tough. Those were 14 of maybe the toughest days for me in my life. Is everyone okay that has this? We did had a number of employees that were struggling. And you feel it. You feel it because they got sick coming to work. 
And so we're not in any rush to push any because we're working remotely so effectively. We look good. We haven't missed a beat. We've learned a ton but we don't want to push anybody into the field. We don't want to have that feeling again. We had a call every morning on this virus. Who has it? Who's been tested? What's going on? Who do they come in contact with? Really an extraordinary effort led by Adria Alpert Romm and David Leavy, but it was every day. And so we're not in any rush to get back to those calls because we couldn't breathe. And thank God, all of our employees are safe, and they've gotten through it. Not so for a lot of employees' families, where there have been challenges, which everybody is facing. But we're in no rush. 
I will say this, that it's bringing this company together. When I joined Discovery, for 1 year, we had a call every morning at 7:00 every morning. And it energized the company. We were all talking on one page. And we have a call every day, every morning now, every single morning. And we're all together, what are we doing today? It started out with what's going on with the virus, and now it's where are we winning? How do we press on that? What -- how do we do this differently? How do we get less people in the office? And we've learned a lot. We used to have 14 people in the control room. Now we're doing it with 1. So there's going to be very significant change in business when we come out of this, I think, for the good in terms of what we've learned, including how we shoot content and how we pay for it.

Okay. Why don't I start and then I'll pass it to Gunnar? We don't have limitations, but we also have a hell of a business with our existing distributors. And I've been in this business for 30 years, and a lot of those distributors are my best friends and we've done very well by supporting each other and working together. That's what we're doing with GO with our authenticated product, and there's 30 million broadband-only subscribers. And so whether it's Pat Esser at Cox or whether it's Dave Watson at Comcast or whether it's Rutledge -- Tom Rutledge at Charter, they're in the broadband business. There's 30 million people that are broadband-only. And so we are in discussions with all of them about the fact that we have this great package of content.  
If you take a look at the front screen for Disney, you see Pixar and you see Marvel and you see Disney films. And people look at that and go, "Oh, I love that stuff." And then imagine they open up and they see HG and Food and Oprah and Discovery and BBC Planet Earth, and then behind each of those circles is all the great talent that we have. And we've done a lot of research, and people look at that and they go, "Wow! That's all -- that's 6 -- those are my 6 favorite channels. So that's 5 or 4 of my favorite channels, and those are my favorite characters." 
So we all agree in talking to this -- everyone agrees there's a lot of value there. And so I think you'll see over the next year or so, our goal is going to be to do something with the distributors because they have direct access to those 30 million. And they have enormously helped Netflix by promoting Netflix and by billing for Netflix. And the churn for Netflix and any product goes down when an existing distributor that's billing bills for it, and they have a good relationship with all those broadband subscribers because they're providing an incredible service. 
And so I think it will start with that, and it has started with that. And so I think when you see us move, you'll probably see us move broadly, but also in tandem in a way that creates value for both of us, which is what we've been talking about and I think what -- a number of the distributors that we're talking to feel good about and encouraged that instead of just doing our own thing, we're in talking to them about doing some things together.

I think it's simple. They're charging an awful lot of money. You can get a package of multichannel television for $10 or $20, sometimes less than $10 everywhere in the world. And if you took sports out, we could do that very easily. And so I think they're saddled with regional sports networks, saddled with overstuffed re-trends and sports channels. And that's an issue in general. And I think that it's -- when you look at that price now and you're not getting any sports, I'm not surprised. We're not seeing that outside the U.S. The PUT levels are up around the world, so people are spending more time. They're obviously spending a lot more time with our content. I think there should be a rationalization of the market. And some of this stuff should just get puked out and up. And I think particularly in a moment where we're in a recession and people are really watching every dollar, if you put up a TV set, people are waiting in lines to get things, and yet -- add up what they're paying for sports that they're not getting. And then you wonder why aren't more people waiting in line for that. It makes no sense. You got to puke out that stuff, and you got to go to the players in the marketplace that are stuffing that in and saying, "Not now. Back off. Not now." 
But the thing that's good for us is we're in every single packages, all of them. And one of the things that I think will help us is these things are going to fluctuate. Everyone hasn't reported yet. We'll see how Charlie does. I think in the long run, we don't know how long this is going to last. There are some -- we're seeing real growth with some of the smaller package players, as I mentioned. So we'll see how...

Well, look, ultimately, the distributors are very, very smart, and their job is to serve their existing customers and to keep the customers happy. So I've always said, eventually, this will get rationalized. But ultimately, it's way too soon to draw a conclusion. There have been quarters where it looks like, "Oh, we're not losing subs anymore in the U.S." Then there's quarters where it looks like, "Oh, no, we're losing a lot of subs." And in the end, we'll see where it ends up.  
I believe that if we could offer some cheaper packages, we'll do extremely well. But I don't see anything in the marketplace that makes me feel like whoa. So we'll see what happens. 
Okay. Thanks, everyone.