Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us.  
We've had a very busy and productive 4 months since launching Warner Bros. Discovery. And today, we want to provide you with an update on where we are and where we're headed. Among our top priorities have been combining the rich legacies of these 2 great organizations, building out our senior management team and beginning to integrate the cultures into one global operating company.  
We've made significant progress on all fronts. Nearly our entire senior leadership team is in place, and I could not be more excited to continue locking arms with the exceptionally talented group of individuals that we've assembled from both legacy companies. Plus more recent additions like esteemed filmmakers, Mike De Luca and Pam Abdy, now at the helm of Warner Bros. Pictures Group, and a uniquely talented media operator, Luis Silberwasser, driving our leading global sports strategy. And just last week, we announced our new Chief of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion. Asef Sadek. Asef previously served as Head of Diversity Equity and Inclusion International for WarnerMedia and is one of the most dynamic leaders in the diversity space.  
Since the close of the deal, the entire leadership team has been moving as quickly as possible to integrate key elements of our business, assess growth opportunities and make important progress in our synergy capture and strategic planning. We've been able to dig deeper into the financials and have gained a much better, more complete picture of where we are and the path forward including identifying some additional and unexpected challenges that have and will continue to require our focus and attention.  
The upside is that there is even more room for improvement in cost savings. At the same time, we're keeping a close eye on the many cross currents and headwinds at play in the macroeconomic environment, both here in the U.S. and globally, including inflation, the threat of recession and the complexities of today's geopolitical environment. 
In light of all these factors, we've had to make some additional adjustments, which we'll talk about. Gunnar will walk you through our financials and the path forward in a few moments.  
Suffice to say, we are more confident than ever in the strength of our position and believe we are on the right path to meet our strategic goals and really excel, both creatively and financially. Our long-term investment thesis is truly compelling, and we have great conviction in the opportunity ahead. Warner Bros. Discovery has the most powerful creative engine and bouquet of owned content in the world, as highlighted by our recent 193 Emmy nominations, more than any other media company.  
The fact is there are only a handful of companies globally that can do what we do. And putting it all together, we believe no one does it better than us, spanning HBO, Warner Bros. Film and Television studios, CNN, our world-class sports business and category-defining lifestyle and nonfiction content engines.  
Our asset mix, one of the most complete and diversified in the industry, uniquely positions us to drive a balanced approach to creating long-term value for shareholders. It represents the full entertainment ecosystem and an ability to serve consumers across the entire spectrum of offerings from premium pay to linear and free-to-air, theatrical to streaming. This was the driving force to create this company over a year ago. Our objective was not only to be one of the top global streaming companies, but also a media company able to drive financial returns by distributing our content on every platform, and our conviction has not changed.  
While we're still in the very early stages, and helped by the first wave of our synergy initiatives, we will have repaid $6 billion in debt by the end of August, and we have implemented initiatives leading to $1 billion in run rate synergy over the next 12 months with at least an additional $2 billion in the works as part of our cost synergy plan. 
We did very well at the upfront and believe we have meaningfully outperformed our peers. As I said in our presentation, we see ourselves as essentially the fifth broadcast network due to our unparalleled portfolio and our low to mid-teen CPM increases or nearly $6 billion in commitments clearly demonstrates that advertisers now view us exactly that way.  
We offer our partners the most complete portfolio of live sports and news, lifestyle and entertainment and our average share of viewership outside of the football season exceeds 25%. On some nights, we're bigger than NBC, ABC, CBS and Fox combined. While there's a lot of uncertainty in the economic backdrop, this is a strong proof point for the value we bring to the table, and our ability to improve monetization over time.  
In many ways, we're just getting started and have really only begun to scratch the surface with respect to the potential upside. And believe we'll make even more headway in the next 2 to 3 years.  
At every stage of this endeavor, as we pursue opportunities and tackle challenges, build and grow our business, we will be guided by 3 strategic priorities that will inform all of our planning and decision making. First, we will seek to attract the best storytellers and use our unparalleled creative engine, franchises and brands to produce the most compelling and diverse content offering in the world. 
We are home to many of the most iconic brands and franchises in the history of entertainment: Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman, Harry Potter, Looney Tunes, Hanna-Barbera, Game of Thrones, CNN, HBO, HGTV, Discovery, Warner Bros. Pictures, Warner Bros. Television and many, many more. The opportunity this presents is truly unmatched.  
We're also the preeminent maker and seller of content in the world. And going forward, we will continue to invest smartly in content in ways that will help us to grow, achieve greater market share and have a bigger impact. Some of the content we create will be distributed on our platforms like the highly anticipated House of the Dragon premiering on HBO Max later this month. And some will lay on other platforms such as Ted Lasso and Abbot Elementary. Our focus is on making great content, content that people want to watch and will pay for.  
As I've said, it's not about how much, it's about how good. Owning the content that really resonates with people is much more important than just having lots of content. In other words, at a time when almost every piece of content ever made is available to consumers across any number of free and pay services, duration, quality and brands have never been more important. And that is what we do best. When the measure is who's got the best stuff, no one has a better hand than we do.  
Second, we will maximize the reach, engagement and overall value of our content through a broad distribution and monetization strategy. Our job is to tell great stories and to bring them to as wide ranging in audience as possible in as many ways as possible and to deliver the greatest viewing experience possible. Certainly, technology plays a big role in this, and we still have a lot to learn, but it's equally important that we be flexible and agile, able to respond to ever-changing consumer preferences.  
As the maker and owner of the largest and most complete library of content in the world, we cover more surface area than almost any other media company, theatrical, streaming, linear, cable, free-to-air, gaming, consumer products and experiences, our own platforms, other's platforms. And we have no intention of being beholden to any one in particular or to a specific business model. Simply put, we are open for business.  
There's been a lot of experimentation in our industry, and we are all smarter for it. At Warner Bros. Discovery, we believe strongly in the importance of preserving optionality and driving returns through a strategic mix of distribution and windowing options. For example, we will fully embrace theatrical as we believe it creates interest and demand, provides a great marketing tailwind and generates word-of-mouth buzz as films transition to streaming and beyond.  
When you're in theaters, the value of the content and the overall viewing experience is elevated. Then when the same content moves to PVOD and then streaming, it is elevated again. As films move from one window to the next, their overall value is elevated, elevated, elevated. We saw this clearly demonstrated with the Batman and Elvis.  
We have a different view on the wisdom of releasing direct-to-streaming films, and we have taken some aggressive steps to course correct the previous strategy. With respect to streaming, our main priority right now is launching an integrated SVOD service. And in a few moments, JB will talk more about the strategy and some of the key building blocks and milestones as we bring HBO Max and discovery+ together under one offering.  
Our streaming strategy has evolved over the past year and really reflects the importance of, rather than the dependence on, this segment of our global content monetization plans. I am pleased with the work to date and the progress we continue to make on this front. 
And in the spirit of optimization, once our SVOD service is firmly established in the market, we see real potential and are exploring the opportunity for a fast or free ad-supported streaming offering that would give consumers who do not want to pay a subscription fee access to great library content. While at the same time, serving as an entry point to our premium service. We will talk to you more about our potential plans at our Investor Day, which is planned for the end of the year.  
I'm also pleased to announce today that we have extended our relationship with AT&T, making them a trusted partner in the distribution of HBO Max as part of their service offerings. This is great news for our business as it ensures that even more people will have access to our world-class and award-winning content.  
This leads to our third strategic priority, and that is to operate as one company with one mission, to be the premier media and entertainment leader globally. We believe the best way to maximize the value of our company is by operating our businesses as a combined enterprise rather than as a series of separate siloed and unconnected business units. HBO, Warner Bros. Pictures, Warner Bros. Television, CNN, our U.S. Networks, Sports, we are stronger together, and we'll make meaningful progress in operating our businesses as one team.  
We also have a great ability to promote, advertise and introduce new products and services enterprise-wide, and we intend to take full advantage of these capabilities. You saw this with the successful rollout of Elvis across all of our platforms. And you're seeing it now ahead of the launch of House of the Dragon. We're employing every capability at our disposal. It is the biggest campaign in HBO's history, and it's already paying dividends. Rewatching of the original Game of Thrones is up dramatically on HBO Max.  
We're also going to be opportunistic about the way we grow our business in the future, whether by improving existing products or services to enhance and personalize the consumer experience, introducing new ones or expanding into new markets globally, with particular focus on how to scale smartly with an eye on sustainable free cash flow even during periods of incremental reinvestment. We see ample opportunity to drive significant efficiencies from further integration and transformation, which Gunnar will take you through.  
It's a foundational tenet of how we will operate and manage, the byproduct of which will be significant free cash flow generation and growth. So our 3 strategic priorities are to create the most compelling and diverse content offering in the world; maximize its reach, engagement and value through a broad distribution and monetization strategy; and operate as one company with one mission, to be the premier media and entertainment leader globally.  
In an industry as dynamic as ours, we are best positioned for success. We have everything we need to thrive creatively and financially, including the greatest and most popular franchises and IP, the most diverse collection of global media brands and assets, the ability to generate awareness and excitement for our products across our own various platforms, a strong leadership team and the most talented creatives. While we're still in the early innings, I couldn't be more excited about where we're headed as a company. As I said, we're open for business. And if you're in this business, this is the place to be.  
We look forward to sharing lots more with you at our Investor Day at the end of the year. And with that, I'll turn it over to JB, and he'll walk you through the details of our SVOD strategy.

Great. Thanks, Bryan. Well, let me start with the fact that the Warner Bros. Motion Picture Group has fantastic IP and a great history, as you know, when they're turning 100. And between DC., the animation group together with the entire Warner library, our ambition is to bring Warner back and to produce great high-quality films. And as we look at the opportunities that we have, broadly, DC is one of the top of the list for us. We -- when you look at Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman, Aquaman, these are brands that are known everywhere in the world, the ability to drive those all over the world with great story is a big opportunity for us.  
We have done a reset. We've restructured the business where we're going to focus -- where there will be a team with a 10-year plan focusing just on DC. It's very similar to the structure that Alan Horn and Bob Iger put together very effectively with Kevin Feige at Disney. We think that we could build a long-term, much stronger sustainable growth business out of DC. And as part of that, we're going to focus on quality.  
We're not going to release any film before it's ready. We're not going to release a film to make a quarter. We're not going to release a film under -- the focus is going to be how do we make each of these films in general as good as possible. But DC is something that we think we can make better, and we're focused on it now. We have some great DC films coming up, Black Adam, Shazam and The Flash.  
And we're working on all of those. We're very excited about them. We've seen them. We think they're terrific, and we think we can make them even better. And that's what Mike and Pam and the team are doing and focusing on that. Strategically, we've looked hard at the director streaming business. We've seen luckily by having access now to all the data, how direct-to-streaming movies perform.  
And our conclusion is that expensive direct-to-streaming movies in terms of how people are consuming them on the platform, how often people go there or buy it or buy a service for it and how it gets nourished over time is no comparison to what happens when you launch a film in the motion -- in the theaters. And so this idea of expensive films going direct-to-streaming, we cannot find an economic case for it. We can't find an economic value for it.  
And so we're making a strategic shift. As part of that, we've been out in the town talking about our commitment to the theatrical exhibition and the theatrical window. A number of movies will be launched with shorter windows. Some might have different kinds of marketing campaigns where we take advantage of us having the biggest platform and a platform that all motion fiction companies look for.  
But we'll always be agile. Our focus will be on theatrical. And when we bring the theatrical films to HBO Max, we find they have substantially more value. And we have an ecosystem where we can have the premier motion picture business. That's why most people move to Hollywood. That's why most people got in this business to be on the big screen when the lights went out and that is the magic. And the economic model is much stronger.  
And the other thing is that we're going to focus very hard on quality. I said we're not going to launch a movie until it's ready. We're not going to go into movie to make a quarter. And we are not going to release a movie and we're not going to put a movie out unless we believe in it. And that's it. I mean, particularly with DC, where we think we want to pivot and we want to elevate and we want to focus.

Just -- the objective is to grow the DC brand, to grow the DC characters, but also our job is to protect the DC brand, and that's what we're going to do.

Well, why don't I start with the linear business because we're big believers in the linear business. There is some secular decline. There's been secular decline. It's leveled off. It's declined more. In the end, you look at March Madness, the biggest numbers since '94. The NBA up dramatically. That was at a time when people said nobody below a certain age is watching. Well, they're tuning in for sport, they're tuning in for news.  
And when you look at the overall portfolio that we have, live sports, live news, together with entertainment and the best kind of branded nonfiction library where people get up, the levers of food of [ HG of ID ] and watch all day. So we think it's very hard to predict, but we expect it's going to be a very significant cash generator for us and a very good business for us for many, many years to come.  
We have a great team running it. This is what we do. It's what we know how to do. We have a team that's been doing this for 30 years. If the linear business is a race car, we've got a team of race car drivers. And when we hear a noise or it's in third gear, we know how to fix it. It's a business we know well. We haven't begun to implement the libraries that we have now, where we could take content that document -- old documentaries on crime from HBO and put them on ID or take programming that exists in the library and move them on each of the cable channels or vice versa.  
So we just -- that hasn't begun yet. We also are first getting our hands around the idea that we are very often the largest player in America in terms of our reach. And the ability to use that now to tell people when they're watching hockey, you could come over now and watch Discovery. And if they want, of course, use our existing platforms to drive viewership from channel to channel.  
So I've been around a long time. Broadcast was dead when I was hanging out with Jack in the '90s. That was what people said. But in the end, that reach and the ability to drive advertising product is what kept it alive. We're still seeing CPM increases. We were in the low to mid-teens this time. We're big believers, and we think that's going to help us.  
Having said that, the great thing that we have is we're going to have both sides. We have this very compelling free cash flow driver around the world, domestically and around the world. And then we have the dual service, the HBO Max and discovery+ coming together, together with our full on over the next few years, initiative of having a full basket in traditional and from free to premium to ad-light in digital. And a big advantage in that right now, HBO Max has never been hotter. Quality is what matters, quality is what Casey and that team is delivering. It's the best team in the business. We're doubling down on that HBO team. They're all committed under contract, and we're going to spend dramatically more this year and next year than we spent last year and the year before.

There were some buzz today about HBO Max, and we're going to start doing less series. And the -- our strategy is to embrace and support and drive the incredible success that HBO Max is having. It's really -- it -- the culture and the taste of Casey and the team and the fact that they not only read the scripts, but they fight with all their creatives to make the content and storytelling is as strong as possible. It's at a very unique moment. We think it's an extraordinary asset. It's an extraordinary advantage. 
I've said this before, it's not how much. It's how good. That aligns with us at Discovery as well in the content that we've been doing and the characters and the way that we drive brand. But the majority of the people on Casey's team have been locked up. Casey is here for the next 5 years, and we hope longer. He's truly a unicorn. His ability to relate to talent, to make content better, his leadership, and you see it in what's been coming out of HBO and how it's affecting the culture and the energy and what people are talking about.  
But we want it to be broader. Casey and the team wants it to be broader. And we're starting to have some real success. We're now going to put in everything that's on discovery+ and all that original content as well as some of the premium content from CNN. And it will be the home of all of that. And we will, as one company come behind that. And we think that, that product is going to be superb. And that is -- it's about curation, it's about quality. It's about how good.  
And so the center spoke of that is the quality of HBO Max and that team. We've already started creative meetings within the HBO Max team, together with -- we now meet once a week all the creatives of the company. That's something that we've initiated with me on the lot in person in addition to the multiple overall staff meetings, but the creative meetings with everyone together has been really effective. And a way to not only talk about storytelling, but talk about how do you share content and how do we help each other with great talent. So very encouraged and very supportive.

Great. In legacy Discovery, we own together with Mike Fries and Malone, all 3 media. We had 30 production companies. And we would look in awe at Warner Bros. Television as the -- really the greatest and largest and most highest quality production operation and the incredible names and talent that they have. And so the legacy of Warner is creating great content and selling it. I mean, less built a big business by carrying all of Warner Bros. content. I've said it before when we were at NBC, it was must-see TV. Jack Welch, when the content -- when the entertainment guys left the room, he said it was Warner Bros. TV. 
A maker, they are a maker and the greatest maker of content. That's the heritage of this company. We want to sell to third parties. It's a very profitable business for us. We think it could be more profitable. There's a lot of money being spent for the best content. We have some of the best of it. And we want to continue to do that, and we're going to do that. In addition, we have a huge library of content. 
And strategically, we are pivoting to the decision of anything that's important to us to growing HBO, HBO Max, sitting down with Casey, sitting down with JB, going through the data, what's critical to us. We're going to keep that exclusively. What kind of content could be nonexclusive and have no impact on us? Why we want to monetize that to drive economic value. And then this content that we're not even using right now. So massive amounts of TV and motion picture content that we're not using. So do we use that to just develop our own best-of-class free platform? Do we sell a lot of that, and that's what we're going to come back to you with.

Thanks, Michael. Well, first, I think the HBO brand is one of the great crown jewels of the company and represents so much and how we all got introduced to really what premium television and series were really all about. We're going to look at -- we continue to look. The data right now is -- more and more, if you look at how people see HBO Max, more and more people are saying that's the place they go, that's the place that they prefer, it's the place that has the highest quality. That data looks different than it did a year ago. It looks different than it did 6 months ago. So we're talking to consumers, and we're evaluating, and we'll let you know when we make a determination.

Whether it's in the topco name or not, and we'll keep you posted as we make a final decision.

Thanks, Mark. We will -- we're going to spend significantly more on the HBO Max product. In other areas, we'll spend less because we're not finding an effective return. In the aggregate, we're going to spend more money on content. We're a content company. That's our product. That's what we do. We want the best creatives here at Warner and at HBO and at Warner Bros. Television and across our traditional platforms, creating content. And we've worked in the budget that, that content spend will go up in each year and the years to come. JB?

But the number -- the number on the corner of JB's desk and mine is the breakeven and the $1 billion. If we do that -- I don't really care what the number is. We're not in the business of trying to pick up every sub. We want to make sure we get paid. We get paid fairly. We have very high-quality content in many markets, we should be paid more because we're providing dramatically better content and more robust content and higher quality content. If the number is 122 and we're making over $1 billion, that is the number for us. We're going to grow subs significantly, but we want to run -- we want to drive profitability and free cash flow.

Thanks, Jason. First, I think having both is a gift. This is a fully balanced company. We have our linear and free-to-air, we're a big maker of content for profit. We have gaming where we take our IP into gaming for profit. We have the motion picture business to gather some of the greatest talent in the world and for profit, and then we have our streaming. 
So having the amount of free cash flow that we're driving to in order to fund and support thoughtfully the streaming business, which is critical as we transition, is a gift. I do think the business is going to change. There'll be probably over time, there'll be repackaging. It's for people to -- they'll probably end up being a couple of the best services, which we expect and will drive to be and they'll be repackaging either by the programmers or by intermediaries like an Apple or a Roku or an Amazon. 
And the experience the consumers will become easier and as it becomes easier, some of the economic terms and churn may change. I believe it's over -- that it's underpriced. What has ended up happening is it was a reaction to the capital markets. Let's just go ahead and collapse businesses, overspend on content. People have shown that they were very happy to buy HBO, Showtime, Epic. There is a big group of people in America that love premium television. There's a big group that love a robust bouquet of opportunity. 
And they're willing to spend a lot of money domestically and outside the U.S., not as much, but they're willing to pay. It was a decision to say, "why have them pay a lot. Let's just collapse everything in and spend, spend, spend and then charge very little." And I think that was supported by this idea like clicks in the '90s that subs were going to be great currency. 
And so we're going to be very sensible. We're about free cash flow. We've got the best library, we think, and the highest quality content. We think we could build a great business -- streaming business to touch everyone. But we're not collapsing businesses on it. And I think sensibility will be that there'll be a lot of people that are willing to pay a lot more for the quality that we have.

We effectively have 4, 5 or 6 cash registers. If there's a cash register where a consumer can come in and either watch or pay for a piece of content, we have every platform in the ecosystem. And in a world where things are changing, and there's a lot of uncertainty and there's a lot of disruption, it's that's -- to me, that's a lot more stable and a lot better than having 1 cash register.