Good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us on today's call. Before we begin, I'd like to extend a warm welcome to JB Perrette, our President and CEO of International. JB and I have been working together for almost 20 years, and I am pleased that he'll be joining us on this morning's earnings call. With so much exciting activity taking place across our diversified International portfolio, JB can help provide some color and perspective on what's taking place in the many international markets in which we operate. 
I'm pleased to report that we delivered a strong set of operating results this morning, capping off a transformative year for Discovery. Coming up on a year since our merger with Scripps, I'm proud of the achievements and progress we've made in a short amount of time and even more excited about the opportunities ahead. 
Over the last year, we've reengineered our company, creating a leaner, more efficient and more focused global operating structure, represented impressively in our expanding operating margins, which increased by 600 basis points this quarter, and we expect to expand our margins further in 2019 as Gunnar will discuss. 
Our better-than-expected free cash flow generation and our significantly reduced net leverage reduced by roughly a turn in just 10 months. We are a free cash flow machine, and we intend to drive it hard. 
We have also taken meaningful steps to strengthen and solidify our core businesses by adding exclusive new content and capitalizing on the uniqueness of our global loved brands and treasured trove of IP. We are powering people's passions with immersive 360-degree media ecosystems in popular and valuable content categories, uniquely combining linear and direct-to-consumer experiences. 
And we continue to enhance our global suite of brands and IP that have real utility and function, helping to further differentiate us from our peers. We have a growing opportunity to more effectively attract and engage viewers around the world and across all platforms against the backdrop of our position as the #2 TV company in America, including broadcast and cable, our leadership position in 200 countries and territories around the globe, with multiple channels in every market, making us the #1 pay-TV company in the world. We cast a uniquely wide global net, essentially unparalleled. Our existing reach allows us to drive awareness through our emerging set of consumer services. I've referred to this in the past as having a brick-and-mobile presence or the ability to drive awareness on the ground through our mobile and direct-to-consumer presence. Our ubiquitous global brands in pay and free-to-air channels, such as the Discovery Channel, Animal Planet, Food, HGTV, Motor Trend, Science, TLC, ID, Oprah and Eurosport, and valuable strategic long-term partnerships, like those with the Olympic Games and the PGA Tour, the European Tour and Tiger Woods, help to differentiate us on this front.
Our global IP, which we own above the globe, is also distinguished by the fact that it marries entertainment with function and utility. And in an environment where 5G and bigger broader pipes create wider lanes into the home and directly to consumers wherever they are, the nature of what nourishes people can and will change, we are extraordinarily well suited to capitalize on that. We view our passion verticals like food, home, natural history, science, auto and Oprah as representing great examples of where our functional content can extend into new ecosystems where the conversation with viewers, fans and participants is elevated into an experience that brings watching and doing together.
When it comes to traditional scripted content and movies, people watch that content. We have an opportunity to create content and experiences where people watch and do. 
Additionally, our strategy has been to own and control virtually all of our content rights in every window, in every market around the world. We have purposely left meaningful revenue dollars on the table by playing the long game as compared to many of our peers that have, for example, hived off digital distribution to any number of streaming services or sold off international rights. As a result, we will not have to buy back content and give up revenue to drive our strategy forward. It allows us to have great speed to market and accelerate our ability to scale as services gain consumer appeal.
For example, let's look at the food and cooking category, a broad genre that represents a multiple $100 billion addressable marketplace in which we have excelled as a perennial top cable network for decades. We enjoy rich engagement with a strong and trusted brand that is loved by fans. The Food Network reaches over 150 million global fans per month on its digital properties alone. And they consume over 450 million monthly video views, enjoy a leading social footprint, has 10 million monthly readers of our food newsletter and over 80,000 recipes that are regularly assessed. When fans think of food, our brands are well represented. And our relationships run deep and wide and serve as a great backbone from which we can continue to pursue entirely new business models. 
In our drive to build and own the global cycling ecosystem, we acquired the Global Cycling Network last month. It is a targeted and highly valuable global audience, including a sizable group here in the U.S. And it follows on the heels of our multi-platform global alliance with the PGA Tour in which we are seeking to super serve communities of passionate sports fans. We first invested in the Global Cycling Network 2 years ago and recently took a larger majority ownership position. We are now the leader in serving passionate, highly participatory and high-income cycling enthusiasts around the globe, a $50 billion-plus market. The business model has multiple revenue streams, including advertising, subscription, commerce and events, among others. And by complementing Eurosport's position as the home of cycling in Europe, we believe there is great upside to this combination and offering. And it's a terrific blueprint, much like Motor Trend, another strong example of a vertical where we have been able to drive an immersive 360-degree offering by leveraging our linear presence, in-depth IP and brand recognition with fans.
We've gotten off to a great start with Golf TV, our long-term relationship with the PGA Tour, and we're very pleased with the early product results. While we're still in beta and really just getting started, we're happy with the quality of the technological capabilities thus far. And early engagement numbers are impressive after only a few events. 
We're super excited about our global relationship with Tiger Woods, and the initial Tiger content is proving to be a great driver of interest. Tiger is having a lot of fun with the interface with fans. And we've already produced over 30 original pieces that have been consumed by millions of fans over just the first 3 tournaments. 
And we are enthused by the positive perception we've seen to both the linear and OTT product within the initial countries where we've come to market. And we're hard at work building something truly unique in the years ahead.
As we dig deeper and refine our strategy in direct-to-consumer under Peter Faricy and his team, we gain a great perspective on how best to pivot our resources financially, strategically, technologically and operationally with a consumer-first mindset that engages fans across the breadth and depth of our functional content verticals and building upon the experiences we've gained from our initial forays into this ecosystem, such as launching the Eurosport Player and our D GO apps, which are now a several hundred million dollar a year business and growing. We've gained some great insights into what works and what doesn't. 
And you've heard me say repeatedly, achieving success in the direct-to-consumer world will require a lot more than a simple shifting of content from one platform to another. We believe the successful offering requires an experience that is immersive, trusted, informative, educational, social and community-driven. And by virtue of our many functional verticals, we are well suited to successfully pivot our businesses forward.
Gunnar will take you through the financials in detail in a few moments, but I'd like to highlight just a few key items. Our brands continue to strongly resonate and feel differentiated within a content landscape that is increasingly cluttered and crowded, whether marked by the continued momentum at TLC, picking up even more momentum from where it finished 2018 as the #1 ranked channel in prime in January for women 25 to 54; or the impressive resurgence in ratings at both Food and HGTV that began midway through 2018; or the continued success at ID, which maintained its #1 position in total day for women 25 to 54. Thus, even with the noted rating challenges at the flagship Discovery, which are improving, and Discovery is still the #1 network for men in prime ex-sports, our portfolio still achieved domestic advertising revenue growth of 3%, despite not having news and sports, which speaks to the power of our broad portfolio balance.
We launched additional legacy Discovery networks late in the fourth quarter on Hulu and Sling, solidifying our long-held view that our portfolio of brands does indeed resonate in an OTT world. And we continue to strive to partner with every and all key OTT players in the marketplace.
Turning to International. While our results are somewhat skewed due to the tough comparisons against the China Mobile distribution deal and deconsolidation of our Eurosport Germany ProSieben venture, our underlying international performance remained solid, particularly in light of softness in certain international markets, such as U.K. with Brexit, Italy and Mexico due to economic and political challenges. 
We remain focused on continuing to integrate and take full advantage of Scripps' content and brands internationally. It's still very early and will take time to see these benefits fully materialize. But less than a year into it, we're seeing positive signs on our 3 main objectives and benefits. 
One, driving meaningful cost savings by replacing acquired content. These content cost synergies are a meaningful contributor to yet another quarter of margin expansion that we have delivered in 4Q and anticipate more in 2019.
Two, leveraging the previously unexploited content and formats to strengthen our existing International Networks. Scripps' content is now making up from single digit to low 20% of schedules in certain key markets, such as Germany, Italy, Brazil and Mexico, and we are seeing continued improvements in performance as well.
And finally, three, launching new pay, free-to-air and digital-branded services focused primarily around Food and HGTV, where in markets such as Europe and Latin America, we are securing commitments and getting off to a great start with new network launches. 
Lastly, we believe that we have the right combination of linear and nonlinear platforms, the strongest hand in global IP and some of the strongest brands and creative curators in the world, all supported by a strong and delevered balance sheet throwing off a ton of cash, which provides us with great runway and optionality. We are confident in our ability to execute during this time of disruption and during this time of great opportunity.
With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Gunnar.

Well, what's critical here is when we closed on Scripps, I laid out a little less than a year ago that we saw this company as being really unique and that we can generate huge free cash flow, which we're doing and we'll continue to do, and we see it accelerating. But the most important element here is the uniqueness of this company today. The idea that we can generate this kind of free cash flow, and as I said at that time, we can become a free cash flow machine. And what that really does for us in an environment of -- where there's challenges in the overall ecosystem, it gives us a moat. And that moat is all this free cash flow. And as we look at golf, cycling, natural history, we look at Chip and Joanna Gaines and the power of their brands and their ability to reach, we look at those different initiatives, and we could say this is really working well. We can deploy more capital here. This isn't accelerating, let's deploy less capital. But we have full flexibility. And I think that makes us -- that gives us a really unique advantage. JB?

Go ahead, JB.

On the Netflix, Prime, Amazon Prime, HBO, Showtime, let me answer it in 2 ways. One is Food, Travel, ID with Crime, Home, all of those are growing. People are spending more time with us. They're watching more of our content. It's growing. This is difficult stuff, and this is what we do for a living. We have a team that does only food. And we work with production companies that deal almost primarily with us. And we figured out how to create shows and build characters in that genre. In the home genre, the same. In the crime, there's loads of people doing crime. But Henry Schleiff and his team know how to do it and work with production companies in a collaborative way that, I think, give us a really unique advantage. So we're seeing growth in those areas, and it's what we do. When people go to HBO and they go to Showtime and they go to Amazon Prime and Netflix, they're really going for something else. They're paying $10 to $15 for scripted series and scripted movies. That's what the brand is. And look, on a broader basis, as we get further and further into our mission of powering people's passions, people spend about 50% of their time on scripted series and scripted movies, and they spend about 50% of their time on everything else. And we've picked out these passionate brands and categories that are the most -- we think that have -- that are the most compelling in this everything else area. And the big opportunity here is that the right side, these scripted series and scripted movies, people watch that stuff. That's all they do, is they watch it, they watch a great scripted series and they watch movies. On our side, we're focusing on this idea that they watch and they do, and that's a huge opportunity. They watch golf, but they also buy golf equipment. They also -- they'll go to Tiger for instruction. They want to see where to take a vacation with golf. They watch cycling, but they buy equipment with cycling. And they want to find out where to go to get the best clothing and what's the most -- what's the best coaching. When it comes to food, people watch our content, but they also want recipes, they want to talk to experts about how to make -- how to engage in that category, long form and short form. And so we think between home, cycling, PGA, natural history, travel, Oprah, we're in these categories where people will watch and do. And that's why we bought this cycling business. That's why we got into the PGA. And even in categories like natural history, where we're the leader globally, people may watch a particular piece of content, but then they can take a deep dive into our science or space category. So we think -- we don't have -- we're in an environment where we're a real market leader, we're differentiated and we have this opportunity in this watch and do that could create real -- a real opportunity to build businesses in these funnels.

On the sports piece, we look at everything. We are -- we own with Liberty Formula E. We own a league in our partnership with Jay Monahan, the PGA. We have global rights everywhere in the world, except for here. Our deal with Tiger is rights that include the U.S., everywhere in the world. Cycling, we just bought a business that's fully global. And so we are opportunistic in terms of looking at sport as a passionate brand where we can super serve people's interest across the board. But we're also -- there's a lot of stuff that we look at that we don't think fits our metric of being able to provide long-term growth. In most of those cases, we bought sports assets that have very long tail with -- in the case of the PGA, it's through the end of 2030. In the case of the Olympics, we did it for a decade. In the case of cycling, we own the business. And so most of our rights on Eurosport, we paid low single-digit increases and we got -- we would try to get 6-year deals. We don't like doing businesses with these 3-year type soccer deals, which we're getting out of. And so I think we're going to be opportunistic. We're in the sports business. We may even be the leader in sports around the world when you aggregate all of our IP. So we look at everything, and we will look at everything. But we'll look at it in terms of what kind of a sustainable asset it is. And JB?

And look, I think that we're building a platform that's unique. If we're successful with golf and cycling, we're also doing Motor Trend. In addition to that, we have global rights to natural history and these other brands. But if we're able to build, we're the only company that's doing business in over 48 languages. And as we build this platform for which we brought Peter over to build and we brought over one of the most senior technology leaders from Amazon, if we build that, and we're in multiple languages like we did the Olympics in 22 languages, we're going to do the PGA in over 40 languages, and so there's very few companies that can promote from the ground and convert into multiple languages and have a platform that's above the globe. And once that's done, we think the opportunity could be significant. There's a lot of sports where the federations are going to want to try and reach above the globe, but they're not going to have the scale to build the platform. Our platform is built. They're not going to have the scale to market in every country. We have multiple channels in every country, and we have an online digital business in every country. And so we think once we build and we can prove out these ecosystems that we could be a platform that people come to where instead of paying for those rights, they -- we can represent those rights and get a split.

On the channels, we've said before that about 85% of our fees goes against our top 6 or 8 channels. We have focused on the idea that we -- if we grow our core 8 that we really have an opportunity. We've been very successful now in getting our channels carried on the smaller bundles, which exist everywhere in the world and not here. And we're hoping that this year, as those grow, we think we'll benefit more than anybody else from those. We also have Chip and Joanna who we are hard at work and have been down to Waco. We think that is a very unique opportunity to enhance a channel and grow a channel. We -- no other media company in the last couple of years has been able to go on offense and grow as many channels. In fact, most media companies haven't launched any new channels. And we have ID that didn't exist. It's the #1 cable channel for women in total day. We have the Oprah Winfrey Network, #1 for African-American women. We launched Velocity. And we now have an opportunity with Chip and Jo to take a network that is doing okay and take it to the next level. But to your point, we also have a real vision for that in terms of going direct-to-consumer. And when you think about this idea of watch and do, there's probably no better example of watch and do than Chip and Jo. They've created a great show called Fixer Upper. And then they created a multibillion-dollar business called Magnolia based on the quality of their ability to design and build product. And so there is an example where they built an entire ecosystem. And we're reconnecting with them and excited about what we can do together. They're in Magnolia on their own, but we think there's a lot that we could do together to build our channel. So net-net I, think, over time, you'll see some fewer channels. But we think we have at least 1 or 2 more that we can build strong here in the U.S. with big characters and big personalities that people love and want to spend time with. And that's what we're about. That's why we did the Tiger deal. That's why we did PGA. That's why we're in cycling. That's why we're with Oprah and Chip and Jo. In the end, we have great brands, but we have great characters that people love. And that's what this business is about, spending time with people that you love and finding out what their stories are and what their challenges are and the things that they love.

Great. Let me just start with this whole idea of 5G is a part of the all -- whole narrative of who's going to own the home. And the -- within the home, the place that people spend the most time is the kitchen. And as I've said, the question that everybody in the world asks every day is, what's for dinner? What's for breakfast? And the challenge of who's going to own the kitchen, I think we have a real opportunity. We have the greatest chefs. We're the leader in recipes. We're the leader in short form. We're the leader in branding credibility. We're the leader in content. And so we're very active in aggressively pushing that, ourselves and having discussions with everybody that's in the kitchen about how do we own the kitchen, whether it's distributors with 5G or whether it's players that want to -- with voice activation in the kitchen or with screens in the kitchen. And so we're actively driving that. In addition, we think that do-it-yourself and home design is another area where we have a lot of experts, a lot of content and a lot to offer. And so we're pushing that hard. And that's not in our current plan, but we do think there's a real opportunity there because as we have something that is real functional and something that could provide real value to customers aside from just watching entertaining content.

I would say, directionally, we're much more focused on owning IP. We have a lot of free-to-air channels. We have cable channels. We're really focused on taking that IP to other platforms and maximizing the efficiency and free cash flow of our existing platforms. We look at everything, but it wouldn't be the first place we go. And the overall idea of owning broadcast assets really would make more sense in a market like Poland, where it's protected because it's a unique language, they have a very strong portfolio and this strong GDP growth. But in general, it's not at the top of the list of what Bruce Campbell, JB and I are looking at right now.

Thanks, Ben. We had a good Upfront and we had a calendar. We've said that we think this quarter will look a lot like 4. And candidly, I'm on my way down to Florida now. I think that we probably left some points on the table for this quarter, and we could do better. I'm not satisfied at all. We spent a lot of the last 2 weeks looking at our efficiency rate, looking at our sell-out rate, how we're selling GO. The reason I say that is TLC was the #1 network in America for women in January, #1. And we have ID, very strong. We have Food, strong. HG, strong. And Discovery improved. And GO is accelerating. And so I think that our creative team is doing a good job. And I think we have a very strong ad sales team. But we've got to get more focused. The way that we drill down and had real work streams on cost, we now have developed core work streams on our revenue on sales. And I -- I'm not satisfied at all. I think we should have had -- we should have a bigger number this quarter. We're going to continue to drive to it. But if we do our job right, I think you're going to see better numbers in the quarters ahead.