Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us to discuss our Q3 results and outlook. Discovery reported an impressive quarter of operating and financial results, with performance at the top end of our competitive set.
Across all businesses and regions, we met or exceeded our guidance with a notable acceleration in our international segment, high single-digit growth. Overall, a very strong set of numbers by any measure. I believe we have the best operating team in media today. I am proud of what we have accomplished both in the quarter and since our acquisition of Scripps early last year. It is a story of promises made and promises delivered and in most cases, overdelivered.
To that point, well before we closed on Scripps, we talked about our goal of being able to generate $3 billion of free cash flow. Before the acquisition, we were generating about $1.4 billion and Scripps was generating about $700 million. Today, we are at $2.9 billion for the trailing 12-month period. And having generated nearly $900 million in free cash flow this quarter, we feel good about that goal.
On net leverage, we had been relentlessly focused on reducing our financial leverage from the post-merger peak of nearly 4.8x net debt to AOIBDA. And at the end of Q3, our net leverage of 3.1x is close to the low end of our target range.
We've begun to return capital to our shareholders, having repurchased $300 million of our equity or nearly 12 million shares in Q3 with additional purchases in Q4, while at the same time reinvesting in our future growth strategy.
From the beginning, we viewed Scripps as much more than a portfolio of cable channels, but rather a trove of global IP with among the strongest lifestyle brands, programming and personalities in the world. We envisioned a major opportunity to not only enhance their position globally but also to carve out a differentiated direct-to-consumer strategy.
A few weeks ago, we launched another key component of that strategy with Food Network Kitchen, a world-class customer experience in the kitchen with live and on-demand cooking classes with the most celebrated chefs from around the globe. We've worked closely on all elements of the product with our partner, Amazon, over the last year to get it off the ground. We are very pleased with the product and very excited about the opportunity of value creation it presents.
And to support our broad strategic initiatives, we've taken a major step forward in the seamless rollout of our singularly owned and operated tech stack, onto which all of our direct-to-consumer platforms will sit from Dplay across Europe and Motor Trend OnDemand to the Eurosport Player, our Global Cycling Network, GOLFTV, Magnolia and our factual content service.
Everything we said we were going to do, we've done. And looking forward, we are equally focused on delivering against an aggressive set of objectives within an industry undergoing real disruption. Yet Discovery has always punched above its weight by being nimble, opportunistic and flexible in leveraging every opportunity to put our content and beloved brands everywhere consumers are across an unrivaled global footprint. It is core to how we operate. It's our North Star and the engine behind what drives our broader strategy and investments in our future.
Today, there are more ways than ever to get content to consumers. And we are as well positioned as anyone to leverage every path and platform to monetize our content investment across both linear and direct-to-consumer. It starts with strategic decisions we made many years ago to control our destiny and build long-term value by owning and controlling our IP globally, content and brands that people love, which was further strengthened by the Scripps portfolio. 
We generate roughly 8,000 hours of original content annually alongside a library of titles in every language that aggregate several hundred thousand. It's a huge competitive advantage especially as we watch our industry peers on the premium scripted side, pay whatever it takes to amass enough content for a slice of the fragmenting entertainment space within the direct-to-consumer market.
We are not in that series scripted and movie side of the entertainment business. It's crowded, it's aggressive, it's expensive and it's risky.
As women over the past year around America have put their TV sets on, they can choose to watch movies, scripted series. They could watch anything they want. But more have chosen to watch our programming than any other media company, which makes us the #1 media company for women in the United States.
In addition, our strategy of pivoting into sports has made us the largest producer of live sports outside the U.S., another aggregation of IP that we think is high on the value chain. Our investment in world-class IP defines our beloved brands in areas people love and drives powerful engagement across our portfolio.
Our international footprint across 200-plus markets is unrivaled, with an average of 10 to 12 free-to-air or cable channels in every key television market. Owning great content that people love, strong brands and operating at scale is important, but no longer enough. We are also focused on building industry-leading capabilities and proprietary Tech IP, so we can create truly compelling customer experiences and ecosystems.
As I noted, we launched Food Network Kitchen 2 weeks ago, a first of its kind experience, offering the most complete food and cooking digital ecosystem, with content and interactive features as well as the largest roster of iconic cooking talent. We are the Peloton of Food, but we are priced for the masses. We'd like to be in everybody's kitchen. It is powered by a unique partnership with Amazon as well as the biggest promotional push ever across our network portfolio with food and cooking being big funnels to drive and create value.
Food Network Kitchen is also the first new product to launch on our owned and operated tech stack. And it is becoming increasingly apparent that owning and operating our own tech architecture is a distinct competitive advantage and one that should allow us to further scale opportunities across multiple verticals, meaningfully driving global functionality, efficiencies and speed to market. Peter Faricy, who oversaw Marketplace for Amazon, has been a big help to us, and he's here with us today and will be able to answer some questions during Q&A.
Switching gears to our core traditional business. Our performance has been solid. Though domestic ratings are a work-in-progress across certain properties, networks like TLC have been nothing short of a phenomenon in our industry. The team at TLC has done an extraordinary job turning around and building that network. Just 2 years ago, it was the ninth or 10th network in America for women. Today, it continues to be the #1 ad-supported cable network in prime time for women 25 to 54 and women 18 to 49. Together with TLC and our other networks, it allows us to reach almost 35% of women on Sunday nights in America. It's a great, great story. It's what we do. And we're attacking every one of our channels for growth.
And at HGTV, A Very Brady Renovation delivered its biggest hit of all time, a prime example of us leaning into our scale with an ambitious creative swing supported across our broad network portfolio. We recently announced that the Brady Bunch gang will return for a holiday special.
Our portfolio performance helped us secure our position as the #1 TV destination for women 25 to 54, once again during the quarter. And in fact, for the better part of the year. And our best-in-class GO apps along with products like Discovery Premiere and Engage form the backbone of a uniquely secular growth narrative within an industry that has been largely static. And as such, we are definitively taking share.
On the international front, our business continues to show signs of steady growth in part driven by continued programming and audience strength, traction of our direct-to-consumer products as well as further integration of the Scripps content and brands around the world. Once again, our share of market and delivery across our top 10 markets was up with growth of 3% and 2%, respectively, building upon last quarter's very strong increases.
Our international growth was driven by the highest Q3 ever for EMEA led by strength in the U.K. and Italy, both of which delivered record audiences in July and August, up 12% and 9%, respectively. This also has helped to insulate us from ongoing macro weakness in these key markets, especially in the U.K., where our commercial share of market has increased to roughly 8%. JB Perrette is here with us and can discuss in more detail the strides we are making not just in Europe, but all around the globe. 
With exciting locally differentiated streaming products gaining traction and expanding, we aim to become the Hulu equivalent in select TV markets in Europe. Our strategy in certain cases has been to partner with key local players that broaden the content offering and share of market.
In Germany, our JV with ProSieben, Joyn, which combines 55 channels into 1 app has become a leading streaming platform since launching in June with more than 4 million monthly average users. And we announced a few weeks back that in our largest European market, Poland, we will launch a single streaming destination to access a powerhouse of Polish content in partnership with leading media and distribution company, Polsat. We are very excited about this opportunity, and our team is looking at other large market opportunities.
I would also add that getting deals like this done is not easy. We lean on our local teams and the credibility and relationships they have built over the years. There's a lot to appreciate in getting these structured deals, content, technology and partnership in the aggregate off the ground. 
There are a number of markets where we aggregate all of our content and go-to-market alone. And the brand we use is Dplay. And Dplay has now expanded to 10 countries internationally, including Japan, the Nordics, Italy, Spain and most recently in the U.K. and Ireland.
Dplay has some great momentum, particularly after having been repositioned onto our own tech platform, and it's given us a lot of learning about how to position a large aggregated content service. People are consuming more content in the aggregate than ever before, but every programmer is battling for people's free time and attention. And we are driving deeper connections with our fans in a far more cost-effective manner than many others. Behind our brands and personalities, big personalities, which have delighted audiences for, in some cases, decades, we are taking that engagement and those personalities and putting it on steroids, whether it is unique view-and-do experiences like Food Network Kitchen, aggregated AVOD and SVOD platforms in Europe and even looking at lifting large collections of our channels and taking them on to OTT and pushing them into distribution around the globe.
We have great assets, resources, IP and an adept management team with local knowledge and infrastructure that are well equipped to succeed across the ecosystem. We are super excited about the direction and opportunities ahead. Our operating performance is strong and stable. And while the industry is undergoing secular challenges, we are facing disruption head-on with a very confident operating posture and strategic position.
Our focused financial investments in our world-class IP and relentless pursuit of new revenue opportunities makes us a stronger company than we were a year ago and one that is on a path to continued sustainable success.
Many thanks, and I will turn the call over now to Gunnar.

Thanks, Jessica. I'm going to hand it over to Peter for the food stuff, but let me address the broader issue. We have -- as you know, we've really shied away from these 7 or 8 players that are rock 'em, sock 'em, fighting it out in this entertainment area. It's getting more and more expensive, and we believe that 3 or 4 are going to make it. And it's going to be a lot of carnage and very, very difficult, great companies and good luck to them.
But when we look at the overall space, we really have 2 strategies. One is the people will have 3 of those or maybe 4 of those, but then they still love golf. They still love natural history and science. We, together with everything we got from the BBC, now have a definitive collection of content with Planet Earth, Blue Planet, space, ocean science, that if you think about when we were younger, a family would buy World Book or Encyclopedia Britannica because every family and every child should see it. We have a collection of natural history and science content not just in scale in having the majority of it that exists in every language, but a collection of content that every family and every child should watch, which is very differentiated from watching scripted and series movies.
We have Chip and Joanna Gaines, and we'll be launching in 2020 with them direct-to-consumer. And we have cycling and cars. And so we're going in these niches. We're doing a very good job, and Peter will speak to it, of developing a uniform platform, so it's very easy for us to just jump on. That platform has interactivity. It has the ability to do -- have commercial, to buy things, to buy cycling equipment, to buy golf equipment. And so we think that that's a terrific strategy, and it's starting to bear real fruit for us.
In addition, we're doing very well with our GO, our direct-to-consumer product, which is growing massively. And it gave us real confidence that people that are not subscribing to cable love our content, together with Dplay which is scaling around the world. 
And so outside the U.S., you see that our strategy is becoming clearer. We've gotten together with ProSieben in Germany, and we announced that we had 4 million subscribers as of last quarter. ProSieben announced this morning that there's now 5 million subscribers that are using Joyn on a regular basis.
And when you think of Germany, you got Sky Deutschland that's been in business there for 10 years. They don't have 4 million subscribers. Now they have paying subscribers. But in 4 months or 5 months, we have 5 million users that are spending significant amount of time with us with Joyn. And the reason is we've aggregated 55 channels and a massive amount of great local content. 
So Netflix is doing all their thing. Disney will do their thing. But we have local, local, local. Same thing is true in Poland. We announced the deal with Polsat, which is -- we're the largest player in Poland with TVN, the second largest player is Polsat, the third largest player is the government. Polsat and we are coming together to create our own local Netflix product. 
It worked -- it's working very well in Germany. It's working well in Northern Europe with Dplay for us. And we think by aggregating with others, we could really be differentiated with local. So that's our European strategy, and it's rolling out. It's ahead of plan. We're learning a ton, and our platform is working.
In the U.S., I'll just say that we're now starting to examine a new opportunity. I mentioned it in my comments that people could watch anything, but they're spending -- we're looking at the viewing patterns of our content, our -- the aggregate of all of our channels makes us not just #1 for women. But if you think about the basic cable ecosystem, people could watch anything they want, but more of them are choosing to watch us. And you have some of these platforms launching with 8 Series, 10 series or a bunch of movies and series to come. We have hundreds of thousands of hours that people grew up on.
And when you aggregate all of our product in the U.S., we're looking now at whether we should just aggregate -- and you have 8 people that are doing entertainment and scripted and we're examining the opportunity of -- in addition to what we're doing here, of aggregating all of our content in the U.S. and having something that looks very different, is very deep, has great personalities, great brands to curate through. 
And so more to come on that in the next several months. But it feels very good right now to us in terms of our niche strategy with passion and depth, view and do, our strategy in Europe of aligning with the other big players, and accelerating into that with Dplay and Joyn and with Polsat.
And finally, with all the success we're having here in the U.S., we're saying, hey, maybe why not? It looks like we have the most -- we may have the most compelling content and the deepest library of anyone.
So with that, let me pass off to Peter on Food Network Kitchen, which is off to a great, great start, and we're super proud of it.

Having said that, it is a great magnet for massive audiences and attention to the quality of what we're able to do. We're the only company that can have the Olympics in 25 languages with local hosts. It's one of the reasons that the PGA Tour came to us. It's the reason why Thomas Bach came to us to innovate. It was -- in terms of innovation, last time, we were on every platform and we reached more people under 25 than ever before. And we were just getting started.
JB, talk a little bit about how we can use the Olympics not just for sustainable growth which you've done, but also to promote a lot of these other products, golf, cycling, the Eurosport Player, et cetera.

A good way to think about it is, we're doing a terrific job, great leadership team, driving down on the existing ecosystem everywhere in the world. We're on the leading end of performance in terms of our ability to -- we're growing ratings outside the U.S., our ability to commercially monetize that, our relationships with distributors, the ability to launch new channels everywhere in the world where no one else can. So the existing ecosystem, we're very effective and we're driving hard.
But what you're seeing now is we're mounting a massive attack with all this IP as our artillery on everybody else. Because everyone should have our content. So whether it's Food Network Kitchen, whether it's Golf, whether it's the Eurosport Player, whether it's Motor Trend, Magnolia, those are siloed, passion-driven attacks. And Dplay across Europe is picking up. Everybody that doesn't subscribe to cable and those who do subscribe to cable with SVOD and AVOD products, and that's what we're looking at in the U.S. is stepping up a full-on attack, mount and attack with our differentiated content against -- to serve -- super serve and serve viewers and people that own phones and people that just love the characters and content that we have and delight in the fact that we're differentiated. 
Everybody knows who we are. We don't promote ourselves because we have a show. We don't have to tell everybody come watch a show. They want to come hang out with the characters we have and the brands that we have. And so we're starting -- we're looking at things very differently because the passion for us as a group of IP seems to be very, very sustainable and strong.

We have an ability to do whatever we want, but we're probably the most -- we've been the most friendly company in terms of the existing ecosystem. And we're looking to continue. We're talking to existing distributors. We're in the marketplace. We started by talking to customers about their confusion about all these offers of what scripted series should I watch now? I got 20 of them in the hopper. And we're finding some great information about what we have and how valuable it is.
And we're now trying to evaluate the best way -- we want to preserve the existing ecosystem. And we think that we have an ability to also attack everyone that doesn't subscribe to cable and have them have an opportunity to watch the great content they grew up watching.

Look, what we're doing is we're looking at the strength of our IP in the U.S. in the aggregate. And we're looking at -- in talking to consumers, how much they love it. We see through our GO platform how young the people that are using it and how much time they're spending with it. And we're now looking at what -- how do we take that content -- we're already doing it independently. Is there an opportunity for us to take that content on a broader basis to reach -- to mount and attack on those that are not existing cable subscribers? And that's the full ecosystem. That's what everyone is looking to do and needs to do, which is take the great IP and reach everyone. We want everyone to watch our content. And we have to do it the way we did it in Germany. 
But candidly, we haven't wanted a partner in the U.S. because all those entertainment platforms don't have enough. They've spoken to us. And we look at what they have is differentiated. They're part of an overall entertainment pie. And they each have a piece, none of them have it all. We have almost all of each of our platforms. And when we put it together, we have something that's compelling. And so we'll be looking at that over the next few months.

And one of the reasons is that if you think the jewel for HBO was Game of Thrones, our jewel on Food Network Kitchen might be Martha Stewart cooking for Thanksgiving or just cooking -- doing a live cooking class every day. If we find that they really love Martha or they really love Bobby, then we can -- we don't have to wait 1.5 years. It doesn't cost us $8 million an episode. The next week, we sit down -- everyone working with us is having a great time. And even with our existing content, our average cost of content is -- has stayed relatively flat. In some cases, we've been able to maybe do a little bit better. But -- and our average cost of content is $0.5 million an episode. 
On Sunday night, we're generating a 3.5 on -- with 90 Day Fiancé on TLC. And the cost of that content is -- it's the #1 show on television on Sunday night, and the cost of that content is actually less than that.

The one point on the current ecosystem, Charlie announced this morning that he added 150,000 subscribers with 214,000 Sling subscribers, which is a skinny bundle. And we are -- on every skinny bundle, we happen to have very good carriage on both of the Sling platforms, which I don't know that anybody else does. So we'll be the beneficiary of that. But it's a directional point. 214,000 subscribers, and they don't carry any regional sports. Charlie is not putting regional sports on Sling. 
You talk about this overstuffed bundle, retrans, sports networks, regional sports networks. It's all weighing down this industry. And here's Charlie. He just takes the regional sports code off and he picks up 214,000 subscribers. And if you take one of our distributors out that has been working on getting rid of nonperforming subscribers and you see we're slightly down. We may be flat. 
So I don't know if this is going to be a pivot. But if there's a skinny bundle that can get some acceleration and we are seeing a rotation into some of these, what I would call, MVPDs, we have very good carriage on all of them, better positioned than anybody. And maybe this is a moment where the U.S. can -- if the existing distributors can get some courage, they can start to benefit the consumers, which is, "Hey, I don't want to pay $100 and get all these regional sports networks. I don't want to pay for all these sports. I just want some great content. That's what I spend time watching." 
So I think Sling is very encouraging, and it's a good mark for the industry. Stop stuffing the damn bundle, serve the consumer.