Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our second quarter earnings call. 
Discovery continues to deliver strong operating and financial performance, driven by healthy momentum across all our key segments, beginning with our core linear business, which continues to accelerate sequentially, underscoring the durability of our content categories and the overall strength of our brands, while simultaneously scaling our global streaming offerings, most importantly, Discovery Plus, which continues to have strong traction, underpinning total next-generation revenue growth of 130% year-over-year and 17 million total global paying direct-to-consumer subscribers at the end of the second quarter, and 18 million as of today, with momentum around the globe, most notably behind the strength of the Olympics, which we've launched on Discovery Plus in Europe in a number of markets. Or the Eurosport Player which Discovery Plus has yet to launch though we've had some fantastic traction thus far. 
We are excited about prospects for the second half of the year as well as for the Beijing Olympics. More on all of that in a moment. The combination of continued strong execution across our core business while scaling our streaming platforms drove healthy top line growth and strong OIBDA and free cash flow conversion supported by vigilance on costs. Gunnar and his team continue to do a terrific job leading transformation across the organization with an eye towards continued efficiency, particularly as we absorb investment spend to support the growth and rollout of Discovery Plus. And we delivered a meaningful sequential improvement in our investment losses as we lean into modernization and begin to see the benefits of scale from an expense base. 
In fact, this quarter annualized next generation revenue is $1.6 billion and we see additional revenue growth ahead. In terms of the core, as you've heard from our peers, the industry just wrapped an incredibly healthy upfront providing us with a level of visibility we have not seen in quite some time. 
Jon Steinlauf and his team delivered top-of-tier performance and a record for our company, a testament to the programming and brands that viewers love and that our advertising partners value, as well as our differentiated suite of products and platforms available to reach consumers in an otherwise increasingly fragmented marketplace. We achieved rates of change inclusive of the stepped-up performance of Discovery Premiere that were well ahead of the peer group. Premiere has proved to be a great success, a unique vehicle that packages first run episodes from our most popular series and networks, in which sales more than doubled. Over 200 clients are now buying Premiere. They enjoy ratings and reach that is equivalent or greater than broadcast prime but at a significant CPM discount. You've heard me tout this as a true win-win, and we keep driving this forward and clients love it. Moreover, demand for our bouquet of digital properties across Discovery Plus, our GO app, VOD and sites in social was robust. Advertisers continue to look for incremental reach beyond linear. And with roughly half of the audience base for Discovery Plus being noncabled households, the platform is hugely attractive to buyers. We look forward to additional product features and offerings to roll out throughout the year to drive further monetization. But what we are currently seeing is noteworthy. Advertisers are buying targeting capabilities of our platform, with innovative and intelligent solutions and healthy premiums to traditional linear. Internationally, advertising has also come back in a big way, driven by a number of key markets, such as the U.K., Italy, Germany, Poland, as well as a number of Lat Am and APAC markets that resulted in all regions around the globe turning in an acceleration and traction throughout the quarter. 
Turning to Discovery Plus. We are really pleased with the cadence and monetization of the service, supported by continued subscriber traction and healthy ARPU, notwithstanding the seasonally slower summer period, only exacerbated by the post-COVID reopening. That said, we had healthy sequential improvement in paid subs quarter-over-quarter, with most of Discovery Plus International runway still ahead. 
Here in the U.S., we continue to add to our distribution and platform footprint. Following last quarter's launch with Comcast, in the coming months, Discovery Plus will also be available to Cox subscribers across their Contour TV and Contour stream player platforms. Discovery Plus will also shortly be available on VIZIO SmartCast, advancing our rollout to all major consumer platforms. 
As we've noted previously, the bulk of the 2021 Discovery Plus International market launches would be in the second half of this year, with key market launches such as Brazil, Canada and the Philippines to come in the second half of the year. 
Vodafone successfully launched in July in the U.K. market for mobile customers. And we expect additional markets such as Spain, the Netherlands and Italy to launch as planned following the migration of our front-end technology to our common global platform this fall. 
JB and his team have been deliberate and methodical in managing our international rollout to ensure the best consumer experience. This includes ensuring we have strong integrations with local partners and completing a major replatforming to get both our front-end and back-end technologies on one common platform. It is a complicated road map of engineering and commercial logistics, not to mention COVID challenges around the globe in some of our tech hubs, at the same time that we have been planning, producing and delivering the Olympic Games from Tokyo. 
We continue to learn a lot as we go, in terms of what's working and what's not, with respect to marketing, branding, tech product and features, as well as distribution partners and platforms. We are very pleased with the metrics we look at to evaluate our position within the marketplace, consumer acceptance, role to pay, viewing time for active subscriber, churn, monetization and so on. 
We provided an early glimpse across these metrics last quarter, and I'm pleased that we continue to track well against our internal plans. And the momentum we are building as we look ahead to our exciting plans post merger with WarnerMedia and HBO. 
Taken together, we could not be more excited about the possibilities ahead to serve consumers with the deepest and most compelling content offering in the world. Consumers want choice and simplicity. We believe that the combined company will be able to offer more of both. In a video market that could see more consumer selectivity as the market reach soars, we believe the combined company will be well positioned to compete in the global streaming marketplace. The regulatory process continues to move forward as planned, giving us confidence in our previously stated time frame of mid-next year to close. 
And lastly, the Olympic Games in Tokyo, which, as I noted earlier, has been a very pleasant surprise during what can only be described as challenging circumstances. 
At this point, about halfway through, we've already doubled our total sub gains from the last Olympic Games in PyeongChang, with nearly 0.75 billion minutes of Olympic content streamed, up over 18x versus the last games. 
Like with the Winter Games, we've enjoyed some truly remarkable viewing shares in key markets, like the Nordics, in which our share of television viewing for certain sports has been upwards of 60% to 80%, and with outstanding traction with streaming across all markets, notably in the U.K. and Italy, which are newly launched markets for Discovery Plus. We are very excited about the upcoming Olympic Games in Beijing in early 2022, and then, of course, Paris in 2024, right in our backyard. These are truly hallmark, high-value branding events, and are super funnels that drive awareness, viewing and subscribers to our platforms. 
With that, I'd like to turn it over to Gunnar to take you through our financials.  After which, Gunnar, JB and I look forward to taking your questions.

JB?

Just to add. The execution on the Olympics was really almost flawless. And all of our -- the entire Olympics was offered throughout Europe on our product. People are spending a huge amount of time, as you've seen it, 18x what it was before for PyeongChang. It was very simple. The navigation was simple. We spent a lot of time making sure we get the product right. That's going to help us. But we're also, as I've said, we're learning. One of the things that we're -- that we've learned along the way is navigation and simplicity is very important for people to be able to find the products that they want, particularly with a complicated product like the Olympics, and it's really working. 
We'll have Beijing coming up in a few months. It's very unusual that we get a back-to-back like that. So we think that we can do better in terms of keeping subs and growing subs because we don't have a 2-year lag between the 2 games, which is advantageous. 
The other thing that we're learning as we look to roll out outside the U.S. is that AdLite is a really compelling product. We're generating about $6 in advertising per subscriber here in the U.S. with 3 minutes of advertising. And the friction for users is nonexistent. When they're used to seeing 14, 18 minutes to [ see 3 ], and so there may be a real strategic opportunity for us here. We're doing extremely well in packaging that product together with linear, together with AVOD here in the U.S. And so whereas a year ago, we thought everything would just be subscription, we're looking at AVOD as a meaningful opportunity to go into markets at a lower price, get more scale and be able to pick up actually more money. We're making more money on our AdLite product by an awful lot here in the U.S. And so doing that requires more engineering, more coding, but we want to get it right. 
And as JB said, as we get closer to the Warner Bros. Discovery to our transaction, we'll continue to look -- right now, we're both accelerating. And Warner is doing a terrific job, John Stankey and Ann and Jason. If you take a look at -- and Casey. You take a look at the momentum that they have, they're driving hard. We're driving hard. And then we'll true up together. At some point, we really do have our strategy. We can't share it with you right now, but we will look carefully as to how we want to true these up together. And so that might affect as we get closer to the approval what exactly we do, knowing that when we're coming together as a new company.

Thanks, Steven. Well, let me first speak to the merger timing. I was in D.C. last week. I met with the -- across the Board, spent a full day. There's broad support for this transaction. We haven't heard any pushback. We haven't seen any public pushback. This becomes a very strong company for consumers, a more compelling streaming business. And so right now, it feels to us on every level like we've seen green lights. We're not seeing any yellow lights or red lights. Having said that, we're not in control of the timing. Disney was able to get their deal done in 6 months. Everything so far is extremely positive. But some of the timing with respect to the IRS and the DOJ, we can't -- they're working very effectively with us, the AT&T team and John. John has a terrific team that's working with our team. But ultimately, it could be significantly sooner. It could be a little later. We're just not in charge of the timing. But we feel very good about it at this point. There's nothing that we see. And I mean -- we're still hoping that we could really get lucky and it will happen a lot sooner. And that's what we're all pushing for. 
On consolidation, look, I take a look at this business: Warner Bros. Discovery. And there's just -- the toughest thing to do is to put together a great library or a great menu of content or IT. That is the most difficult thing to do. Yes, we need a strategy for what the price is? Is it ad? Is it AdLite? Exactly how do you go to market in each country? But the toughest thing to do is come up with a menu and have the strength of content to not only get people to come there but get them to stay. 
And one of the things that's happened since our deal is you look at the Amazon deal where you look at the announcement of the Reese Witherspoon deal, almost $1 billion for that basket of content, 8 -- almost $9 billion for the basket of content that MGM has, great company. Reese developed a great company. But we own a significant amount of the MGM library, this new company when it comes together: Harry Potter, King Kong, Godzilla, Batman, Game of Thrones. You look at what Casey is doing right now with Hats, white Lotus, Mare of Easttown, Sex and the City coming back, Friends, Friends Reunion, Space Jam having a big week, a big week against the Marvel property which Toby put together. Ann and Jason, they're sitting on top of just an extraordinary library of IP. Hanna-Barbera. All these things you cannot create. And so we look at all of that, and we say we can't wait to close. We think we have the broadest, most compelling IP together with what Discovery has. 
And as Gunnar said, we're seeing over 3 hours of engagement. Our churn is very low. We have great nourishment. And the combination of Harry Potter, King Kong, Batman, together with all of our great nourishing content globally and all the local content we have around the world as well as sports and news, we think makes us really compelling. 
Having said that, you look at -- here's 2 transactions that have happened. People need more IP. We -- I believe that what we have is not only do we have, I think, the strongest set of IP, but we have the broadest global -- we have the most global content in language of anybody. So I think we start off in a very, very strong position. And I think we're fine if nothing happens. 
But I believe that over the next couple of years, there's going to be more and more people are going to look, and they're going to raise their hand, and they'll do more consolidation. There'll be more IP library sold, because you need a lot of content to be successful. And I think people are going to take a look at what we have, what John Stankey put together, together with what we have. And it's really going to be formidable. Disney and Netflix have gotten across the lake. And we think that this will be the third global streaming service, successful, sustainable. That's our mission. And a lot of the other IP that are subscale will probably be raising their hands or -- there will be a lot of consolidation. And some of that may be opportunities for us. But right now, I really like where we are.

Let me take the SG&A question quickly. So the way I would look at this, Doug, is -- and I said as much earlier in the prepared remarks. I view this sort of $250 million roughly, give or take, level of investment losses as a probably best estimate as of today for the third and fourth quarter. That implies, since we're assuming revenue growth, that we are planning to spend more. And again, we want to continue making those investments. It's a growing product with, again, a very, very strong long-term value proposition. So you should see a general trend of expenses growing, but very much in line, and then over time, slower than the revenue side.

Thanks, John. Well, first, the upfront was the best upfront that I've seen in my career. On average, it was up about 20%, and we were able to beat that significantly. So I think I believe we were best of market, but this was a market that was up 20%, and we picked up -- we did much better than that. And one of the reasons is because of the Discovery Premiere. And in some ways, it's a great story, but it's one that -- it starts off with the fact that we're not getting enough and we haven't been getting enough for -- in CPM for the great content that we have. 
And broadcast is in the 60s, and where we have been in the 20s. And so we -- one, we made some more progress against the broadcasters. But Discovery Premiere is in the 40s. And so for advertisers to be able to get content that has the same or better reach with the same or better engagement in the 40s, for us, it's a dramatic increase. But for advertisers, it's a significant decrease because instead of buying a broadcaster for $64, they're buying us for $45 or $43 or $47. And so it's a real win-win. And we're able to service -- we have great demos, and we're able to go -- not only do we have the Premiere product, but now we have Discovery Plus, with the engagement of a much younger audience. And we could put together between linear and Discovery Plus and GO a really compelling package. And the result was our most successful upfront. And I think it's -- the fact that ratings are down in the aggregate is something that we're going to be living with for a long time. But look, I've told the story before. But in the 90s, we went up and -- when I was running the cable group, broadcast was going down and advertising rates were going up. And Walt said that can't continue. And it continued to the date. It's been going on for 20 years. I can't predict that that's what's going to happen. But there's not a lot of great inventory out there. The inventory is declining. And we have some of the best inventory out there. And then, one, it's generally underpriced. So when we get big increases, it still looks good. But 2, the overall bouquet of what we're offering now between the young demos on Discovery Plus and GO and the engagement in the audience that we have on all of our brands and what we can put together for our advertisers, there's real scarcity. You have the scatter market at plus 50 right now. And there are a lot of others that are under-delivering, and so they'll be out of sale. 
So in general, when you see the fourth quarter, you're going to see a real opportunity. But I talk about visibility. It's because the numbers in terms of the upfront that's going to start in the fourth quarter -- and it's a good thing because maybe we'll be down 15%. But maybe the advertising -- it looks like the advertising is going to be up dramatically more than that. We can't predict whether that will continue. But it's -- right now, it's a trend with scarcity. And the way that our content and linear content can deliver an audience for an advertiser, the prices are going up, up. And so we hope that continues because it's an offset, and it allows us to still grow in linear, which is meaningful.

Well, let me start, and then, JB, I'll pass it to you. We can't comment on Channel 4. But I would just say we're focused on one thing and one thing only: closing this transaction and putting together the spectacular company that is -- that has global IT, leadership in terms of the content that we have, local content, sports news, the best bouquet of content, together with strong leadership at both companies and both having a really good platform that consumers are engaging with and liking. This is a -- this -- our focus is singular, close this deal and drive this company. As I've said, drive the subscription piece, create a culture, and drive a culture where creative talent wants to come and want to tell their stories. That's our focus. 
I -- so we're not going to comment on any other specific transaction. But I do think that there's a lot of players that are subscale. And a lot of them are going to be figuring out over the next couple of years what they do. And the good news for us is we think our hand is very, very strong domestically and around the world. And we'll focus on getting this deal done and taking that hand to market.

So let me just start by -- with the cord cutting question. Outside the U.S., in the aggregate, with the exception of last quarter, the period during COVID, where we really grew, we're doing as well or better as we've ever done in history. This past quarter, we were strong as --  much stronger than we were in overall share than we were in '19 or any -- all those prior years. And unlike the U.S. where pricing is so high, pricing for entry cable is much lower around the world. 
And so it -- there is some decline and there is some decline in viewership. But it's much more moderated than what it is in the U.S. JB can speak a little bit more to that, and then we'll jump in on the sports piece.

On the sports, we're learning. I mean we've been at it for now over 4 years. So we needed to find a better product. Then we were going direct to consumer in Europe with individual sports. And the good news is we're trying different things, and we're trying to figure out. Ultimately, the consumer is going to decide how they want it. And we're finding that we're having more success when we put the sports together with the entertainment together with the nonfiction. But it's early days. It's still only in the third inning. So in a lot of these markets now where we have football, where we have cycling and we're putting it all on D+, we're looking and we're trying to get a sense of what's the acceleration of subs? What happens to the churn? Right now, it looks quite favorable. We're also anxious to see which will -- where we're not getting an inside look at all in Warner, but they launched in Latin America, and they launched with a lot of very compelling sports like football in Latin America. How -- what is their experience? The Olympics has been a really good experience for us. We're doing very well with it. Share is up 30% from PyeongChang. We're finding that the engagement is much higher, as I've said. And so we don't know yet what the churn is going to be. I think it's going to be helped by the fact that we have Beijing coming. But ultimately, when these companies come together, it's all about the IP menu. We have news; what role will news play? We have sports. We're if not the leader, we're one of the leaders in the world in terms of the sports. Jeff Zucker and John Stankey and Jason got -- were able to lock up sports rights in the U.S. with some of the best leagues outside of football, which is compelling. So we look at all that IP and figure out, what do we do with it? How do we offer it? Is it all pay? Is some of it free? Is it all together in one package? Is it in 2 packages? But it's -- the sports, I think, is not that different from Harry Potter or King Kong or DC Comics or a lot of the HBO IP. But with the exception of the fact that we don't own most of the sports. So what we've done is we've tried to get long rights for those sports and be very careful about what we pay for it. But we will -- there is a difference in that, when you're building these -- the franchises that we have, whether it's Chip and Jo, whether it's the Oprah Winfrey product or whether it's a Warner Building, DC, you own that forever. And sports, you have to eventually come back and pay for. And so there will be a view over the next several years of how that -- how important sports is, how and what the return is on it. But we're very happy with the fact that we have fantastic sports globally that we'll be able to use when this company comes together in the package. And we're doing very well with sports in Europe right now. 
JB, anything to add?

Yes. And we're getting better at doing local content in these markets that people love and they want to watch. We're gaining share. So even though some people may be bailing on linear, the linear advertising market is extremely strong. Our share is growing, and we're doing what's very hard. We're programming in these countries in every language. And we have teams on the ground that are creating content in language, in country. And it's paying off.

Thanks, Ben. Look, we have a big data operation. And the good news is on Discovery Plus and on GO, on our -- and to some extent, on linear, we've been working very aggressively to build our own data, and we've been working with the advertisers. And that has been extremely helpful. In the end, if we could have better data, you would see a dramatic increase, that's the future. It's the better data. Unfortunately, Nielsen is a lift. And it's just -- it's massively disappointing that Nielsen can't get it back together. And the answer is we have lost money. Everyone has lost money. It's just -- you're dealing with a very antiquated delivery system. We've all learned how to get along with it. We do it by augmenting it with our own data. But recently, they've just been wrong. I mean it's one thing if you have an antiquated system and then you augment it. But the antiquated system itself is unreliable. And so as an industry, and we've got to figure out how to deal with it. We're competing with the likes of Google and Facebook, where they have the best data, the cleanest data, the most -- and you compare that with this antiquated system. So we continue to work on our own. I don't have a lot of hope for Nielsen. I think somehow, it's an industry we're just going to have to work our way out of it from a technology perspective and leave them in the dust because they just they can't get it together. It's a shame.

Thanks so much, Alexia. We're not seeing any slowdown at all at this point because of COVID. In the aggregate, by the way, as a company, we're now about flat to where we were in '19, which is a big deal. So when we say we're up this percent or up that percent versus last year, just versus '19 in terms of level setting, we're about flat or just about flat to '19, which is a good starting point for us now to strive and drive to accelerate off of that. 
The AdLite product as -- is extremely strong, but I don't think that we're breaking out how our growth is in the U.S. in terms of AdLite versus subscription. JB, are we breaking that out at this point?