Good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us. This continues to be an exciting and busy time here at Discovery across a range of business initiatives and strategic planning for the next year and the years ahead. I'm very pleased with our focus, performance and strong operating discipline as we simultaneously ramp up our integration planning, strategic reviews and approach ahead of the WarnerMedia merger. We are increasingly enthused about the transformative opportunity ahead by bringing together these complementary assets, talented creative leaders and employees all around the globe.
This morning, I'll provide some brief commentary on Q3 operating performance and update you on the progress we are making as we work toward the close of our transaction and integration of the businesses. Gunnar will then take you through additional puts and takes on the quarter. 
Very briefly on Q3, it was a solid quarter all around. Subscriber growth for our direct-to-consumer platforms picked up nicely post summer, and we added a healthy 3 million paying subscribers around the globe, reaching a total of 20 million subscribers. And we've seen continued growth thus far in Q4.
We were able to deliver this growth as well as driving double-digit growth in both advertising and distribution revenues while converting a healthy amount of OIBDA to free cash flow. This positions us nicely above our guidance of at least 50% conversion this year, and we see free cash flow is tracking to exceed $2.1 billion for the full year, and that's after funding very significant investments in our discovery+ rollout. 
Additionally and importantly, we have had the opportunity to refine some of our transaction leverage assumptions after examining WarnerMedia's draft carve-out financials. Though we took a conservative approach initially while modeling the pro forma transaction, we now expect our net leverage at close to be at or below 4.5x versus the 5x that we noted in May, and we are currently tracking below the 4.5. This is predominantly based on estimated contractual adjustments to working capital and, to a lesser extent, an improved outlook in our operating performance. 
Accordingly, we now see a path to reducing leverage to around 3x, meaningfully sooner than what we articulated in May. More on this shortly from Gunnar. But this points to a stronger financial footing than we had anticipated as we stand up the merged company and accelerate the pace to delever, supporting our ability to make focused investments in growth initiatives even without any asset sales.
On the regulatory front, echoing John Stankey's comments on the AT&T call, we are well on track for a mid-2022 close and are engaged in the typical regulatory filing process in jurisdictions around the globe, including our planned filing with the SEC of a preliminary draft of our merger proxy expected out in late November. The transformative upside from the merger is, of course, the global direct-to-consumer opportunity. And while we appreciate some of the questions that a number of you have asked regarding clarity and specifics regarding the product, investment and go-to-market road map, it is still premature for us to provide details, given where we are in the ongoing regulatory review process.
That said, having conducted further operational and strategic diligence, I can share with you some broad strokes around what underpins our confidence and enthusiasm in our global go-to-market attack plan. First, it's all about the content. From the start, under one roof, will be a combination of 2 companies whose common culture of creative excellence, iconic characters and franchises will result in a differentiated competitive offering. I believe the biggest and most compelling menu of IP for consumers in the world, spanning comedy to true crime, kids and family, lifestyle to adventure, drama to documentaries, news and sports and, of course, sci-fi and superheroes. I believe the most complete and balanced portfolio offered in one service in the world.
And secondly, we view our ability and commitment to tactically invest in our content portfolio as a critical strategic driver, building upon our respective long-tenured track records of producing relevant and complementary programming around the globe. This should help to make our service uniquely global and local at the same time.
Third, given the breadth of our content offering, we expect the combined service will appeal broadly to all demographics, young and old, with strong male and female genres, again, very complementary such that our global total addressable market should be on par with the biggest streaming service.
Assessing the overlap in respective subscriber bases, at least here in the U.S., we believe less than half of discovery+ subscribers are also HBO Max subscribers, which, with the right packaging, provides a real opportunity to broaden the base of our combined offering. And with our global appeal, infrastructure and local market capabilities, our international road map is very much still untapped and provides meaningful upside over the coming years.
Lastly, our ability to drive revenue and ARPU positions us well for long-term growth, particularly given our plans to market with a lower-priced AdLite service, starting off in the U.S. and later in key international markets, a meaningful distinction from some competitors where we see an opportunity to drive value. We gained confidence in this strategic direction from our experience with ad monetization on discovery+ in the U.S., where advertisers covet the incremental reach, demos, targetability and product flexibility and pay premium rates to address this audience, helping make this tier our highest ARPU offering.
The opportunity to scale an AdLite offering represents one of the most significant upside drivers for the company long term, while offering a compelling value to more price-sensitive consumers and will benefit from Discovery's depth in local ad sales infrastructure and teams around the world to help monetize. It's quite clear that the winners in streaming are and will be those companies that can provide consumers with the best quality stories, the most appealing content choices, personalized and simple products and all at a great value. We expect our highly complementary combination will drive such a winning value proposition and will be reflected across key operating metrics over time.
A few words on the linear side of the house before turning over to Gunnar. As we think about what can be achieved in terms of bringing great networks and brands together under one roof, the analog to Scripps is a valuable benchmark. And we believe the opportunity is far greater here, both on costs and advertising revenue potential, ultimately, to better support our core linear business and, more broadly, the entire traditional ecosystem. This, I believe, is one of the least appreciated elements of this transaction.
Considered with Scripps, the platform we created in aggregating female demos, the bedrock on which we launched Premiere, our product that offers advertisers the unduplicated reach of a broadcast network across all of our prime time originals at significantly more efficient CPMs than broadcast. We can take that advertising platform to the next level by weaving in sports, scripted news and mail-oriented programming, together with our existing core competencies. It's a true win-win, generating significant revenue upside to us with improved options, efficiency and savings to our advertising partners by replicating the reach of a broadcast network at better value. 
Cost synergy opportunities are significant. We draw upon the expertise of our transformation office, which, since our merger with Scripps Networks in 2018, continuously challenges our management team and me to refine and transform how we conduct and manage our organization from top to bottom around the globe. Nothing is sacred, and no stone is unturned.
With Scripps, we ultimately captured more than $1 billion in cost savings, representing about 35% of all non-content expenses and about 3x our original synergy target before we stop attributing incremental savings to the merger. A large chunk of the cost synergy opportunity that we have already conveyed speaks to the best practices and tailwind in place from the integration of Scripps. It's a great starting point.
As we refine and integrate global ops, enterprise tech, corporate functions, real estate, direct-to-consumer infrastructure and tech and streamline efforts across duplicative functions like SG&A and marketing spend, a process that we see broken down into 3 distinct waves over the next few years. We approached $3 billion in cost saves as a tangible and achievable goal, especially against the combined company that should spend around $35 billion this year and growing from there.
Stepping back for a moment to reflect on our direct-to-consumer pivot. Nearing a year since discovery+ launched, I'm proud of what we have accomplished under the leadership of JB and the world-class team we have assembled over the last few years. We continue to learn a great deal, challenge ourselves, sharpening our focus and gaining perspective for the next leg of our direct-to-consumer journey with WarnerMedia and HBO. 
And as we've noted recently, we continue to refine our discovery+ plans, taking a more thoughtful and tactical approach to investing in the product, and doing so in ways that also support our plans for the combined company after we close the transaction. For example, we are moving forward in priority markets. such as Canada, Italy, Brazil and the U.K., some of which are where HBO Max hasn't announced plans or, in some cases, has indicated that they cannot launch in the near to medium term for contractual reasons.
As you heard from John, Jason and the team on their earnings call, HBO Max continues to aggressively move forward with their global expansion plans. Most recently in LatAm, and last week in Europe. And we look forward to closing the transaction so that we can coordinate and maximize our marketing, technology and content spend for the enhancement of the combined effort. Until such time, we continue to roll out new and exciting content to entertain and sustain our subscribers around the globe.
And our metrics look great. Roll to pay remains near 75% globally. Churn, particularly in the U.S., continues to look strong and approaching peer group lows, while App Store ratings are firmly at the top while monetization and engagement continued to exceed our expectations, all of which helps to solidify our discovery+ base as we endeavor to roll into and formulate a more comprehensive and broader offering with HBO Max.
In closing, this is an exciting and dynamic time for us as we plan our next steps, and we are as eager to share them as we know you are to hear them, and we expect that will be in short order. While the opportunity for course capture and enhanced efficiency is both tangible and material, our North Star, our right to play will be in achieving long-term sustainable financial growth resulting from the combination of these 2 great content companies, helping to nurture our important linear presence while driving global scale across our direct-to-consumer platform, anchored by as rich and relevant portfolio of creative franchises anywhere in the world.
I'd now like to turn it over to Gunnar. After which, JB, Gunnar and I will be happy to answer any of your questions.

Thanks, Doug. First, this is something that John Stankey and I talked about as we created this vision together of this company being what we believe is the best media company with the greatest and most comprehensive content offering. And as part of that, we're spending more money on content and leaning in, and WarnerMedia is spending more money on content and leaning in. We both committed to do that to keep both of our ecosystems nourished and strong and growing. So when the deal -- when and if the deal gets approved, then we come together -- we'll come together with strength. And you see that with -- on the Warner side, where we're cheering them on with the success of Dune around the world with Ann and Tobi on that side and Casey Bloys having an incredible run at HBO with succession, White LOTUS, Hacks, Mare of Easttown. It's just -- if you look at the culture and the impact of that content, together with the extraordinary library they have, us leaning in on our side with more original content.
And so for us, we're also spending a lot more on the international side to get ready. We think that's a strategic advantage. And when you look at the content, we think, in terms of the demographics, that we will appeal broadly to every demo. I mentioned this, but we're very strong with women. That's a particular strength of Discovery where we're doing many quarters with the leading media company in America for women, together with the length of view of women watching our channels, whether it's food or HG or Oprah or ID and TLC and that's continuing.
In addition, we look around the world. It's not just local content, but we're the leader in sports in Europe. They have sports in Latin America. And CNN is the leader in news with the most compelling news brand around the world. And one of the few global -- maybe the only global new service that has the kind of resources around the world in news gathering. And so as we go out and build this service and make this offering, and I do think it's the best content wins, there's a great product in Netflix and entertainment. There's a great product with Disney, with Chabeck is building with entertainment. And we think we have a comparable product, maybe even more diversely attractive in entertainment. 
But on top of that, we also have sports, which we're using in Europe and learning a lot from. And in markets like Poland where we're doing news and sports together with broad entertainment and nonfiction, we're finding real meaningful traction and real reduction in churn. And so I think we have a lot to learn, but we have a terrific product, and we're working on our go to market.
We have brought on an old friend of mine who I've known for 15 years, one of the most talented people, I think, in the business. He's busy with a lot of other things, but we do have a commitment now that Kevin Mayer, who built Disney+ will be in the car with -- as a consultant with JB and I and Bruce and Gunnar and the whole team, as we've already built, as we've talked about, a go-to-market strategy. We're going to be honing that. 
Kevin has a big brain. He's learned a lot about this. We've learned a lot in Europe and with discovery+. We've been at it for a long time, but he had a lot of success at Disney. He's super excited about getting in the car with us and helping us with everything that he's learned. A lot of knowledge about windowing, about how different pieces of content, whether it's movies perform. We're anxious to get in a room with Ann and the team at Warner. I was there last week, meeting for the first time with Ann's whole team. But they're super smart over there, and so we think adding Kevin to the overall team is going to be helpful to us. And off we go. Who's got the best menu? I think we got the best menu.

Sure. Well, I would just start with -- this is the most successful upfront that I've seen in my career. I think from an industry perspective, it's up 20, and it was very materially bigger upfront for us because of Premier and because of the length of view and the certain advertisers wanting to be aligned with the brands that we have and the characters that we have. And so I think it's a big, big helper to us that we had a very strong upfront.
There are supply chain issues. There are put level issues. But we're still seeing that there will be material growth in advertising, and we can't predict what's going to happen in the future. But as I've said before, I saw a lot of people in the mid-90s saying that it's the end of broadcast television. It may be a transition away from a lot of the younger demo being on there, but we see huge numbers. And we're not getting credit for it, but I think one of the reasons why the ad market was up so much for us is the advertisers know there's a massive audience over 55 watching food, watching HG, watching Discovery, watching ID, and they get those. Right now, they get them for free. We talked about in the upfront, a number of us in the industry. Independently, we're out there trying to get credit for that.
But I think that the linear platform is here for quite a long time, and there'll be ups and downs on advertising. But advertisers, they find it's very effective to be in linear video, much more effective than others. And then we have the complement of discovery+, which is just a huge driver for us in terms of the demo complements and attractiveness. Gunnar?

Okay. Let me start by saying, look, I don't think we're missing anything. And the first thing we're going to do is look to drive all the tremendous assets and a differentiated IP and the great library and local content that we have, pull it all together and go to market. We think we have something quite strong. I'm just making the point that there will -- given that we're going to be delevering quicker given the fact that we're -- we will be much lower levered than expected that, over time, as others are struggling, that there'll be an opportunity for us to look at IP and to see where we need more help if we need more help.
On the integration side, we're really lucky. We got 2 big tent poles here. One is Gunnar will be the CFO of this company. He did -- he's done an exceptional job. He led the initiative with Scripps, where we said we'd be less than 3.5x levered 2 years later, and we did it in less than a year. And we said we'd deliver $350 million, and we delivered over $1 billion. And all of that was just cost not revenue synergy. He came up with these targets and he's quite confident in those targets. And so Gunnar will be kind of the lead horse. He'll talk to it. 
We have a very experienced team here. Bruce Campbell and JB and Adrian and I have been together for 25 years. We're looking forward to bringing in some incredibly talented people at Warner. But when we acquired Universal, JB was the one for Bob Reitan, for Jeff Immelt that ran the integration of that entire transaction, well, which was cable, movies, theme parks, with over 146 work teams and work groups and did a magnificent job on that. And so we're fully deployed. We got -- there's a lot that we can't do now, but Gunnar, why don't I pass it off to you and JB?

And just maybe just -- I just want to clarify one thing, Jessica, because if I understand your question correctly, you were referring to acquisitions. That's nothing that we said in our prepared remarks. And just to clarify, we're not anticipating or planning for any acquisitions at this point.

Thanks, Alexia. One of the real advantages of Discovery is, for 20 years, we've been in market with local teams, selling locally, producing local content throughout Latin America, throughout Europe. In Europe, we expanded into free-to-air in a number of markets where we're the equivalent of NBC or CBS. In some markets, we're the equivalent of like NBC and CBS combined. In Northern Europe, in Poland, we're quite big with a number of free-to-air channels in Italy and Germany. And we have a library that's meaningful in each of those markets. And we have a lot of data on what people are watching. We have a good sense of what kind of content they're looking at on the direct-to-consumer platforms because we've been at it for a long time.
We also have sports in Europe. And we've tried a lot of things. Some haven't worked out as well as we'd expect, and that's a good thing because we've learned that sometimes packaging the sports independently doesn't work as well as packaging it more broadly. A number of sports together reduces the churn significantly, makes the appeal higher when you put sports together with entertainment, together with nonfiction. We came out with the Olympics. We had a million-plus sign-ups for the Olympics. And so we continue to learn. That's a good thing. We're continuing to invest, learn and grow. That's what John and Jason and Ann and the team is continuing to do on a parallel basis independently. 
But as we come together, we'll all be smarter. You look at what people thought about windowing of just as a student of this and the meetings I'm having. What's the right windowing strategy? What works best for a direct-to-consumer product? Is it better to have -- to build up a movie in the theater and then bring it? Is it stronger on the platform if it goes day and date? Is it stronger if it goes day and date at $30 versus free? There's a lot that we are learning just as observers. And there's a tremendous amount that Jason has learned and Ann and that Disney has learned and that the industry has learned. 
And one of the great benefits for me is I have this ability to really listen. And also, this has been a great experiment in how people are consuming content and when people come on for a movie or series, what's the reaction. A lot of what is on the Warner side I haven't seen because, at this point, we can't see it. But the general industry knowledge and trends are things that we're noting aggressively, and we're learning from. And we're continuing to experiment in Europe.
On the news side, we've been experimenting ourselves. And in Poland, we went independent. Now we're packaging it together. I think it's going to -- it is probably going to depend on the market, and it depends on the offering. We have a very, very strong service in Poland, and it's been very helpful to us. We're one of the leading voices in the market. We have a 24-hour news channel there that's quite compelling. We don't know what the right answer yet, but having news and sports -- news is -- the more people go to a direct-to-consumer product, the lower the churn. The more time they spend, the lower the churn. That's why we're so excited about how much time people are spending with discovery+, which has a library that's being broadly viewed and the idea that people spending hours on that product and the churn is low is encouraging for what bodes for the combination of the two.
But as people -- if you could put news or sports and people also go regularly for that, it's another reason to have the service. It's another reason to value the service. It's another reason not to churn out of the service. And Disney has been very effective in doing packaging of services where you don't put them together, bundling. And so -- and that's the current plan right now for CNN as we've read about it. And so it's exciting, and we'll look and see.

Thanks, Rich. We have a go-to-market strategy that we feel that we've built. I think having Kevin Mayer in the passenger seat with JB and Bruce and I and eventually with the Warner team, with all of his knowledge and expertise having built and driven Disney+ globally, I think a little -- will help to finalize and fully inform our strategy. But we're -- given where we are in the regulatory process, we're just not ready at this point to share all of that with you guys. We will -- we expect to, and we will soon. JB?

Len Blavatnik is a very old friend, and he's out -- he is -- he worked with me and Kevin in providing the opportunity for us to get a good amount of Kevin's time, but he's fully committed to Len and Dazn, and he's doing some other things as well. He's driven down all of these paths, and he's a great entrepreneur and he's got a number of really exciting things he's doing and working on. This is one of them, and I think it's going to be really helpful to JB and I and Bruce and he's having a great time doing what he's doing, but he's super excited about kind of really coming in and giving us the full scope of his experience and brain on everything he's seen and learned. 
And working with Len has been a good thing. I think he's seen and learned more about Europe and sports. And so I think that's exciting. The team at Warner and the way they're growing, the knowledge, the capability there, the attack plan that they have is really impressive. Andy Forssell is super strong. If this -- you look at the strength of that product. You look at the strength of our product. So I think we got a lot of really good people. You've seen through the -- for our history with Scripps that we're really about who are the best people. I think we're going to have to be able to build a really strong team and bring in some outside experience as well, but it's really encouraging how well they're doing and what we're learning along the way, and that's a big helper to us.
On the affiliate side, and Gunnar, you could fill in some more. But I think we reached deals that were very favorable for us. On the carriage side, very strong. And I think it's win-win. They want to commit to carry all of our channels. This whole idea that a bunch of our channels were going to get dropped, that never happened. They're good value. I don't say that with great glee. But when you look at the overall package and the viewership, we're a great value, and they're making a lot of money selling advertising on our services. So it went very well for us with meaningful increases and real security, and I think it went well for them and continuing to get really good products.
And in terms of how do we -- how does this align with Warner has nothing to do with it. We're operating as an independent company, and we're operating on the strength of the channels that Kathleen Finch and Nancy have been building here with Discovery and Oprah and Food and HG. And so it's -- we've been overdelivering. People love our stuff, and it's just a reinforcing of this narrative that, despite the fact that the world is changing, that we were able to get deals with some of the toughest and strongest and most knowledgeable distributors on very favorable terms with strong carriage commitments as we make this transition together. And so I think that's -- it's a very good sign for the 2 sides. Gunnar, anything to add?