Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. For the second quarter, I'm happy to announce that Discovery delivered a solid set of financial results, continued to make strong progress for the integration of Scripps and accelerated its pivot to become a global leader in digital and direct-to-consumer media.
It is still very early days as the new Discovery, but we feel great about where we are and what we've accomplished so far and even better about the opportunities ahead of us.
I'll spend a few minutes this morning going over performance and strategic highlights from the quarter before turning it over to Gunnar for a detailed look at our financials and our outlook.
We feel great about our created momentum as a combined company, which, along with our significantly enhanced cross-promotional and content-sharing capabilities, is strengthening our industry position and ratings and reinforcing the value of our whole portfolio.
Discovery has the #1, 2 and 3 networks for women in the U.S., with ID, Food Network and HGTV. And in July, the Discovery channel was not only the #1 network for men but the #1 network for all of cable.
More compelling is that our share of TV viewing across our entire portfolio is growing since the acquisition of Scripps. Today, Discovery enjoys the second largest share of total TV viewing in the United States, second only to NBC Universal.
Our broad reach provides what I believe is an unparalleled platform to cross-promote viewership, and utilizing data analytics to implement day-to-day activity across our networks provides us with a real unique opportunity to drive a marked advantage.
And we're starting to see some real impressive results. We have put together a world-class creative leadership team made up of the best of both Discovery and Scripps. Our creative all-star team, together with our strong cross-promotion platform and data capabilities, has enabled us to increase our marketing reach by as much as 50%, growing audiences to targeted shows by approximately 12%. This allows us to save on marketing spend and makes our promotion platform much larger and more efficient, a unique platform and capability we're just getting started with.
A case study for how we successfully targeting and reaching audiences is the Travel Channel, where in July, we drove 13% ratings game among adults 25 to 54 in prime, with paranormal content shared from TLC and Destination America helped by cross-promotion efforts on our portfolio of networks.
Another example is Food Network, where ratings in prime gained 18% among women 25 to 54 in Q2, and showing real audience appetite with repeat viewers in an environment in which repeat viewing overall is down across the industry, particularly for broadcast.
This unique ability to drive audience further supports our female demo story, in which our 25% plus share of female viewership on most nights and up to 17 of the top 25 shows for women in prime time on Sunday nights distinguishes Discovery with a uniquely strong position with female viewers across both broadcast and cable.
One of our new projects for HGTV will speak to many of those Brady Bunch fans on the call. You may have heard that the house from the iconic series was recently on the market in California. I'm excited to share that HGTV is the winning bidder and will restore the Brady Bunch home to its 1970s glory as only HGTV can. More detail to come over the next few months, but we'll bring all the resources to bear to tell safe, fun stories with this beloved piece of American TV history.
Our created momentum for men was also clearly demonstrated by our 30th Annual Shark Week this past July. Discovery Channel's ratings in prime gained 6% among adult males 18 to 49, with a wealth of new cross-network content airing across the portfolio, including Guy Fieri's Feeding Frenzy on Discovery and Shark Week Cocktail on Food's The Kitchen.
This cross network and talent collaboration made this year's Shark Week one of the most successful yet. We recorded a 15% ratings increase over last year, record streams to Discovery Channel's GO app, which reached a new day record of 625,000 streams and 3.5 million streams overall for Shark Week-related shows.
This strength in attracting such large audiences across all demos, including men and women, in such trusted-brand environments was clearly evident during our very successful upfront.
Under the leadership of Jon Steinlauf, our newly combined ad sales teams quickly mobilized to just days after our acquisition of Scripps closed. The team developed a very compelling sales strategy around the new Discovery portfolio of family-friendly, safe and deeply-loved suite of brands.
Working from roughly the same amount of inventory as sold in recent years, we achieved very healthy price increases across many of our brands, including very strong CPM resets at network such as ID, which we have long identified as underpriced and undervalued. The attractiveness of our combined reach and range of demos across our 18 networks was a key factor in being able to achieve this strong performance, helping to firmly cement one of the cornerstones of our domestic revenue synergy efforts.
The branch strength and reach we have demonstrated to advertisers, along with our added momentum with virtual MVPDs and progress we are making to join additional OTT operators, including the recently launched AT&T Watch service, on which we recently launched with 8 of the 30-plus channels, gives us increased confidence and visibility towards enhanced domestic advertising revenue growth going into the second half of the year and beyond as well as for stronger affiliate fee revenue growth next year. 
We also remained on target for the cost synergies we outlined for you last quarter, all of which Gunnar will take you through in more detail in his remarks.
Turning more closely to our Scripps integration process. We are now 5 months in and making real progress. We feel like we're doing really well. With much of the initial heavy lifting needed to unify both companies now complete, we're getting traction and feeling increasingly confident in our road map and strategy.
On the content side, we have begun to light up Scripps' IP across the globe and are deep in the process of identifying, approving and rolling out a few thousand hours in new markets to encouraging initial results, notably in Latin America, Europe and the Nordics, with thousands of additional hours further identified. 
The benefits from this are multifold. Content sharing allows us to lower our costs, better align our lifestyle programming strategy across the network portfolio and allows us to identify talent for potential crossover opportunities.
Let's take Latin America, which represents an excellent example of where both the cost and revenue synergy opportunities are playing out quite nicely. Our management team in the region has embarked on a multipronged strategy. First, they have successfully launched and integrated Scripps content on our existing nets, where ratings have exceeded the prior time slot by over 20%. 
Titles from HGTV have performed especially well, with ratings up 40%. And moreover, have helped increased ratings on existing home-type programming on our network by more than 50%.
Second, they have begun to greatly improve the channel distribution, where legacy Scripps networks were offered, helped by legacy Discovery existing relationships with distributors and operators. And third, they have identified several new markets to launch additional Scripps-branded networks.
We are very excited about the prospects in this region and several others, and we look forward to updating you in future quarters as we progress forward.
Here in the U.S., we're also expanding Scripps brands to our TV Everywhere GO platforms, where HGTV and Food are rolling out as we speak, which should help provide our growing GO platform with an even more compelling offering, where we'll reach even more of the younger demographic on more platforms.
As we continue to grow all of our digital platforms, we announced yesterday an important addition to our executive leadership team, Peter Faricy, who joins Discovery from Amazon as our first-ever CEO Global Direct-to-Consumer, the oversight of all our global digital and direct-to-consumer businesses. Peter was instrumental in building Amazon Marketplace, Amazon's hugely successful third-party seller business. And we're excited to welcome his vision and expertise as we continue to drive our direct-to-consumer initiatives around the world, including Eurosport, PGA Tour, Motor Trend and more. Peter will be looking at all of our IP. Our unique strategic advantage is that we believe we have a leading global IP company. From HG to Food to Science to Sports, we own all of our content on all platforms.
Lastly, before turning it over to Gunnar, I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing 2 international developments, our strategic alliance with the PGA Tour and our expanded joint venture with ProSieben. These are great examples of our differentiated strategy, our pivot to reach viewers across digital, mobile and direct-to-consumer channels and our ability to stand out in the marketplace as a preferred partner for the top players in the industry.
In June, we announced plans to form an unprecedented 12-year strategic partnership with the PGA Tour to create a global home of golf, including a dedicated OTT service, which we'll take around the world and across our digital and linear channels beginning in 2019. 
This is a fantastic new opportunity to expand the strength of our sports portfolio. Leader in sports in Europe through Eurosport, home to the Olympics in Europe as well as our global distribution platform and direct-to-consumer capabilities to a passionate, international audience, which strongly complements our existing superfan portfolio.
Golf today is a truly global sport, with half of the PGA Tour's top players coming from outside the United States as highlighted by Italian Francesco Molinari's victory at the British Open last month.
In Germany, we expanded our partnership with ProSieben to include the Eurosport Player and ProSieben's maxdome VOD service, putting us in a unique position to become a leading streaming service in Germany.
The agreement builds on our existing partnership with ProSieben to build a Hulu-like streaming service, with Discovery and ProSieben's 9 combined German channels, and is a good example of a market relationship, direct-to-consumer expertise and real-life and sports portfolio to drive value with important local partners. Expect to see more of this innovation in key markets going forward.
We are very excited about these opportunities and others, including Motor Trend and the Eurosport Player. And as we execute and scale these businesses, we expect modest investment headwinds will, over time, translate into impressive revenue tailwinds. 
The culmination across all of our efforts is manifesting itself in strong free cash flow growth, where we are notably ahead of our original time line to delever back below our target of 3.5x net debt to adjusted OIBDA. Our path to greater financial flexibility paves the way for us to make smart, long-term investments in our business while still maintaining a healthy trajectory for operating and free cash flow growth.
Thank you for your time this morning, and wishing you all a few great last weeks of summer with friends and family.
I'll now turn it over to Gunnar.

Sure. Thanks, Drew. Well, we're pleased that -- to have Peter Faricy join us. He built the Amazon Marketplace platform. He built the tech stack, and he has a -- he's a digital native that really focuses on what does the consumer want. And we've been at this for a while on the direct-to-consumer side, and we're excited about having him join us. One of the things that we've decided is, as a company, and you see it because it flows through everything we do, is that we want to own all of our IP on all platforms. Part of what happened with legacy Discovery is we're not syndicating our content like we used to, we're not selling it in ways that we used to because we want to hold onto as much as we can because we think we have something really special, and something that's quite unusual. And we're feeling better and better about that. We have quality brands, we own the content, it's global. Here in the U.S., our share is growing. And the viewership on our channels is growing and our ability to promote across our channels. And at the same time, our GO platforms are growing. On the DTC, we have full optionality. The first thing that I've been saying for years is the U.S. is different than every other market, and it's just been driven by the aggressive push of retransmission consent networks in sports and kind of bullied the marketplace into carrying that onto every platform at very high rates. And the consequence of that was a decline in subscribers because people didn't want to spend that much. The good news is that I think consumers are saying enough, that there's a lot of quality content out there. We see it with our GO platform, with droves of 18- to 25-year-olds watching our channels. And Randall, I think courageously said, I'm launching a real skinny bundle. And between DIRECTV, GO and AT&T Watch, it's very encouraging. We don't have all the data yet, but we're A to B in 30 channels there. And we've seen in other markets, when we can get that kind of share that we end up with a massive increase in the viewership that we get on those platforms. And it drives much younger people coming on. And so the distributors doing skinny bundles, I think, is a big step forward. I think you're going to see a lot more of it. I think you'll see us participate in it. One of the things that we're feeling a lot more confident now as our channels, we have 3, the 3 top channels for women, Discovery getting stronger, our overall portfolio, the second largest in America in terms of total viewership, that -- and the quality of what we have, that we will be on many more of these platforms. We're confident that's going to happen. And so now we look and we go, "What do we do with this great IP? What do we do with these great brands?" And unlike any other media company, we have full optionality. We like the skinny bundles. We're focused on getting on every one of them, and I think you'll see in the near term that we're pretty confident we're making progress on that. And then, we have the ability to do it ourselves or do it with others. And so we're having discussions, we're looking at it. But right now, I think things are moving in a very positive direction for us. And at the very essence of that is let's make sure we have great content that people really want. And right now, we feel like we have the best differentiated basket of content. We look a lot different than everyone else. And at every skinny bundle, if we're on it, I think we could be very dominant.

What gives us confidence is that when you look at how people are watching television, when they could watch anything, there's more people in America that are loving our content, watching it, having most of our channels be the #1 channel they want to watch, having 3 of the top 5 channels they watch every -- they wanted an over-the-top service. And so let me just leave it at that. I'll just say that I think we feel quite confident that we'll make some real progress soon and that we've earned it.

All right. First, we have great partners with all -- with our existing distributors that have seen the light. They've been talking to their consumers, and their consumers want an affordable product. AT&T, in particular, they're going to be offering their product for free to high-end, heavy-use users, which we think is going to start a significant change in the way the industry is conjugated. And this whole heavy retrans in sports and regional sports package on top is going to get pushed to the side, and we're going to be a big beneficiary of that. Having said that, we're quite ambitious about what we have because we think we have something that's very different than everyone else. We look at a lot of the great companies right now, Netflix, Showtime, HBO, STARZ, Amazon Prime, these are -- Disney, with their acquisition of Rupert's great company. These look like fantastic companies that are in the business of scripted and movies. And as you go on these platforms more and more, you're seeing the same movies. And the cost is very high, and they're quite good. And I think many of them are going to be very, very successful. But to a consumer, they're starting to look a lot alike. And if you want something different, there's one place to look that has all the quality, all the brands that people love, all the characters and stories and a massive library to nourish and support. And so we're looking at that and say, "We have this differentiated basket. It's very compelling and global." And so we're carefully looking at it. Who do we -- could we align with somebody? Should we align with some of the existing players? Should we go with ourselves? Should we align with the direct-to-consumer platform? Should we align with a global player? We're having a lot of discussions, and we feel very good about the fact that we have something quite different that's very highly in demand, and we'll start -- we're seeing our viewership and the love of our stuff growing, so we're just going to keep our optionality open. And in the meantime, we are going direct-to-consumer already with sports in Europe. We're going direct-to-consumer in Germany, where we launched our Hulu product. We're going direct-to-consumer with cars, with our Motor Trend product, which we're taking global. And this -- the deal that we did with Jay Monahan, the great Commissioner of the PGA, is -- we think that could be a serious and meaningful business. We're reaching over 5 billion people, and we own all of the rights to the PGA Tour outside the U.S., including the Latin America tour, the Asia tour, and we have some more stuff that we're looking at that will be quite interesting in that space. But we will build a full-on golf ecosystem that we think people will -- with a great demographic, that we think could be a leading opportunity for us. So we are in the direct-to-consumer business already, and we like our hand.

Why don't I just start off before I hand it to Gunnar for details because we're quite serious here about setting the right economic incentives to get the right performance, to make sure that we get the right synergy, that we optimize the company for growth, to make sure that we get the free cash flow, our goal of doubling free cash flow, of having this company look like a free cash flow machine. One of the things in the incentives, in particular, for Gunnar, is if we do not meet these targets, we're going to move Gunnar into Greg's bedroom in the attic of the Brady Bunch House. And that's not a fun place to be. They didn't have a door, there were beads, if you remember. And Marcia and Cindy and Peter and Bobby and Jan, they were all in the main house, but Greg was up in the attic. And so that's the final kind of incentive for -- to make sure that Gunnar delivers on all these numbers he's going to tell you about right now.

So I would just say, in all seriousness, it's gone very, very well. You could see it in the fact that we've said originally, 2 years to be below 3.5x levered. And we'll be at 4 or below this year, so you do the math. But we're looking forward to and driving very hard to be below 3.5x leverage soon and emerge with this great global IP company, together with a free cash flow machine and sit down with our board and look at what we do with that free cash flow.

Okay. Alexia, we like our current position. We're actually looking hard at our Eurosport position. We're the leader in sports. We don't think we necessarily need more, but we have learned, over the last couple of years, it's the big events. So we've extended out all the majors' antennas. We've extended out the cycling. We have the Olympics. And so I think we've gotten a little bit better at buying. And the majority of the sports that we've bought are in the low to mid-single-digit increases. We've got strategy of having somebody else spend a lot of money for football. And in many cases, we come in with the only Pan-European platform. So I think for Eurosport, we feel pretty good. We don't think we need a lot more. And the PGA, we will reinforce our golf position. And I think you'll see us getting -- with the PGA, we have the -- really, the premier tour. And we have the PGA library and all the know-how. And together, we're serious about building a full-on global golf ecosystem, with markets like China and a number of markets in Asia, we think, having huge opportunity. Other than that, we'll be opportunistic. Once we build a global platform for golf, with an ecosystem that works, and that's what Peter is really going to be driven by and Alex Kaplan, who's the President of that business, great talent. I think that, that best practice could be something that a lot of people would want to piggyback on. There are loads of sports that want to reach globally. And we'll be -- we view ourselves as having the opportunity to be the one global company that can reach with sports everywhere in the world. And so if you're a smaller league, it would be very difficult to build an entire platform. But we have a platform in all of Europe, and we're building a global platform for the PGA. And so we can envision a moment where people would come to us and say, "Can I be on your platform?" I don't know if they would pay us to be on or if they'd come on and we'd do a split, but we think that, that could create a real opportunity because it's a differentiated skill set that we have to be in every language in the world, with boots on the ground all over the world with a direct-to-consumer competency. 
And on the upfront, we had a very good upfront. We were able to get meaningful increases across all of our channels. I think one of the benefits is that if you want to buy live viewing in the U.S., we made very clear we're the second largest company, but more -- in the U.S., but more importantly, we have great brands that people love with huge length and view. And so that's a revenue synergy that we hadn't built in the plan that we're starting to see. Steinlauf was very creative. He built the hits package where we took our top 30 channels. And on average, broadcast 30 shows. And on average, broadcast is getting over $50 CPM. Cable, in general, is getting about a $15 CPM. And so there's this legacy disadvantage, which makes no sense. And so by putting our hits package together, we're actually delivering, from our perspective, better than the broadcasters. And so the engagement on our networks is up. And finally, it's very safe. And if you look across the digital environment or you look across broadcasts, people are coming in and they're watching the show. The people that watch HG, Food, Discovery, ID, they're coming and they're spending time with us. And advertisers are finding that not only is the engagement higher, but that the viewing of advertising is higher. So we feel very good about it. You'll start to see that flow through in the fourth quarter. And we think there's nothing but upside. This idea that we're the second biggest television company in America is something that we're digesting, and the advertising community wants to treat us like we're still a traditional cable company. Well, from a scale perspective, we're bigger than most of the broadcast companies.

And Todd, I mean, on Asia, you actually have 2 questions, right? One is the size. It's very small as a -- it's a single-digit percentage of our total revenue. It's even smaller from a profit perspective. And -- I mean, to your question what's going on, I think this is something that not only we are dealing with, I think as the markets mature, there are many territories in Southeast Asia where there's an increasing appetite for local content. So for years, it's been a great business to exploit the international -- the international English-speaking content player was a great business model. Consumers are turning more towards local content. And quite frankly, we're seeing that in our recent renewals. But again, I mean, as we've said before, if you take a look at what we did in Q4 last year and Q1 of this year, we're also seeing another effect, and that is increasing appetite for our content in the mobile and digital space. Q1 and Q4, we're heavily impacted by a deal we did in China, which was driving additional revenues into the group. So let's see how this evolves. But again, from a strategic perspective, more of a pivot towards digital, probably less on the linear side. It's not huge, and I mean, we will see how bundling our activities with the digital space, with our PGA Tour deal, with new content on the local side will play out.

Sure. Well, look, I think that the -- in terms of the JV, we think it's quite compelling because we have all of this local content. And as a global company, when we look at Poland, when we look at Northern Europe, where we're the equivalent of like NBC and CBS combined, where we have all that IP, it's particularly a significant opportunity for us to go with other broadcasters, aligned together, put all of that IP together because it's the IP that people watch. And across all of Europe and Latin America, we have the advantage of having 10 to 12 channels in every country, in relationships. So as I said, I think you'll see more of it. It's a fight back, but it's not just a fight back against Netflix and Amazon Prime and HBO going global, it's a different offering. People want to see the content they love, and they want to see it on all platforms. And so there's a great place for the subscription-based scripted and movie platforms. But in a lot of these markets, where we have loads of original content in language, we're talking to other players like us, where together we could be pretty compelling. On the subscriber side, I don't want to get into detail, but as we've said, we can look at what's -- these things are lumpy. We could look at what's going on based on deals that we've done already and what the step-ups are and that were quite -- we can look and we can see that next year, you will see meaningful subscriber increases throughout all of next year, which -- in contrast to what you'll see to the next 2 quarters, and that's locked in.