Good morning, and I hope everyone is having a great start to 2021. And we thank you all for joining us here today. 
This is a dynamic time for Discovery. The past year has been one of change, challenge and opportunity, during which we've shown incredible resilience, creativity and focus as one global team. From navigating the pandemic to generating meaningful momentum towards our strategic pivot, Discovery has responded with drive and determination. This is also a unique time for us because as we are working hard to solidify our core linear business, in which we continue to meaningfully outperform, we are repositioning the company against the massive new opportunity in streaming, where we already see very positive signals and signs that taken together with the durability of our core business, will nicely position the company for sustainable long-term growth. Sustainable long-term growth, that is our mission and we are laser-focused on delivery. 
We finished 2020 with strong operating momentum and great command and control across our global businesses, delivering top line improvements across virtually every key operating metric since the pandemic hit while maintaining strong discipline over our expenses without sacrificing quality or missing a beat in our creative execution. We were even able to return nearly $1 billion of capital to shareholders in equity buybacks. 
We learned a lot as we managed through 2020, and our tenacity and agility, which is truly at the heart of Discovery, took center stage. The impact of our content, either as measured in terms of global share growth or simply in the way people sought us out for comfort and nourishment during a difficult time, became more relevant and more of the moment like never before. We encouraged our talent to bring us into their kitchens, gardens, living rooms with iPhones and GoPros, and it was a game changer. When most of our peers showed older repeats, we became closer to real and more authentic on air, and that provided a great boost of adrenaline across the company and our talent partners and refined our IP all around the globe. And I'm even more excited about 2021 and the meaningful progress we are making in our strategic pivot while, at the same time, working hard to support our core linear networks business and reinforcing its importance as a critical part of our total consumer offering. 
discovery+ is off to a fantastic start, and we couldn't be more encouraged by all the early metrics. After 7 weeks since launching here in the U.S., we have over 11 million paying direct-to-consumer subscribers across our entire portfolio, and we will hit 12 million by the end of this month of February, an increase of 7 million net adds as compared to 5 million subs we reported in December. The vast majority of this increase is attributable to discovery+. And substantially more than half of the 7 million adds are paying discovery+ subscribers in the United States. 
And we are really just getting started internationally as this comes without adding any new markets other than our previous Dplay markets that we rebranded to discovery+. For example, we relaunched Italy just a few weeks ago and the U.K. in Q4 2020, both of which are off to a strong start. Given our ownership and control of all of our content, our increasingly relevant content, expect us to light up markets globally over the next 18 months or so. And in many key markets, we intend to partner with key distributors, such as we did with Vodafone and Sky. These discussions are active and going very well, and our existing momentum is helping facilitate these conversations as distributors remain keen to provide incremental value to their subscribers as a means of leveraging their pipe and decommoditizing their offering. 
In both regards, we are a fantastic partner. We bring strong global and local IP at really superior value. We are by far the best value to consumers and distributors in a global SVOD service in the marketplace, helped by our financial model and the fact that we own all of our global IP. 
The rollout of the discovery+ platform has been nearly flawless without any technological disruptions or outages. The discovery+ product launched with all major platforms and devices, Roku, Fire, Android, Apple, Samsung, and there's more to come. And we came to market with an ambitious slate of over 1,000 original hours over the coming year. Stay tuned for further delivery partnerships, such as partnerships with cable operators and other connected TV platforms, all of which move us further along as our goal to be among the most widely available platforms to consumers everywhere on the globe with easy access to consumers in every language. 
Importantly, consumers love the discovery+ product, and it shows with all key operating metrics pointing in the right direction. We're seeing very high consumer engagement and high video starts. An incredible 93% of our entire 55,000-episode library has been watched, indicating a very healthy long tail of content that has immense value to consumers now that we've made it available. We're also seeing high retention over the first 60 days as well as strong monetization that is already translating into incremental value. Gunnar will provide some additional details and financial context, but in short, stronger operating performance across the board is contributing to a better-than-expected financial profile and accelerating next-gen revenue growth in Q1 and thereafter. 
Very healthy roll to pay and initial signs of lower churn than we initially modeled will drive accelerating sequential domestic affiliate fee growth even over Q4's impressive 5% growth rate as we begin to layer discovery+ on top of our core base, resulting in at least high-single, if not double-digit, affiliate growth in the following quarter. We now have over 100 advertisers and brands on the platform in the U.S., and we expect to double that by the end of Q2. Our team is working hard at implementing our feature-rich product road map. We are now offering contextual keyword targeting, and interactive ads will roll out by the end of Q1 with pause and binge ads scheduled for Q2. And as the subscriber base further scales, the benefits of combining the intelligence and data-mining capabilities on our end, together with advertiser first-party data, will represent a significant opportunity for us and our advertising partners.  
We are already an industry leader when it comes to time spent with our linear portfolio, yet watch time on discovery+ in the U.S. is nearly twice that. This naturally has been extremely well received by our advertising and brand partners, which, coupled with initial signs that discovery+ extends effective reach to non-pay-TV viewers, gives us even more conviction and confidence in the long-term ARPU trajectory. In fact, our AdLite ARPU in the U.S. is already above linear, and we are just getting started. As we scale and usage continues, we are confident our ARPU will grow meaningfully. 
Internationally, JB and our product and engineering teams are hard at work transitioning our former Dplay and Eurosport Player platforms to our new discovery+ global product in time for the Tokyo Olympics and the Beijing Games not long thereafter. discovery+ will be the streaming home of the games in Europe with access to every minute, every medal and every hero, live and on demand. Having this product integration completed will enable us to then execute more of our ambitious international expansion plan in the back half of the year, as I previously noted. 
Taken together, discovery+ has successfully launched as a truly differentiated product with a fantastic consumer experience, best-in-class product reviews and terrific word of mouth, which is ultimately the most effective form of marketing. We are being educated every day on what's working and what's not and are responding rapidly to iterate and experiment. We are utilizing all of our levers to effectively and efficiently acquire and retain subscribers, including a growing list of global partnerships with many of the world's leading distributors, an exciting pipeline of originals that we believe will surprise and delight consumers and a brand campaign that is unrivaled in our history. 
The team is doing a lot right, and we are seeing the payoff in subscriber additions and engagement, for which we believe there is no better use of our capital and resources than to continue to support these efforts as a means to drive shareholder value. With the very healthy metrics we've seen thus far, scaling our discovery+ subscriber base as quickly as possible is the best use of our free cash flow as we eye sustainable long-term financial growth for the overall Discovery company. 
Our first and foremost priority has always been and will always be to reinvest in our business to drive organic growth. Our powerful launch serves as a strong confirmation of what we have been hard at work building over the last many years and that which the acquisition of Scripps helped to accelerate. We have spent years amassing and cultivating the most popular real-life entertainment content, brands and personalities, all with a focus on nurturing and delighting our fans across multiple video ecosystems: pay, free and streaming. It's having a real impact and an impact we expect will continue to grow. 
Investing in high-quality premium programming across the entirety of our platforms has always been our North Star. In fact, at a time when many of our peers are taking their foot off the gas, we expect to increase our spend on fresh content to support our linear networks this year. This further reinforces our strong value proposition to our distribution partners. Indeed, we believe the basic pay-TV bundle is integral and relevant and offers an incredible value proposition to an important and large segment of consumers. 
Discovery is a true global IP company in every sense of the word, one of the very few true global IP companies. And growing our vault of great stories and series has laid the groundwork for the critical next steps we are taking, evolving from a pay-TV and free-to-air company into a scaling global streaming player. Discovery's mission is to play hard in traditional free to air and cable with fantastic margins and free cash flow and play harder in direct to consumer while we are uniquely positioned to achieve long-term sustainable growth. 
With that, let me now turn it over to Gunnar.

Thanks, Robert. As I mentioned, we're really just getting started. We've built a robust platform, but in order to roll it out globally, it needs to be modified, needs to be modified to be embedded with Vodafone, to be embedded with Telecom Italia, each of the different distributors. We're working on getting it embedded with a number of the cable players domestically and around the world. 
We have rebranded Dplay to discovery+. As you know, our strategy outside the U.S., which we think is really unique, is local entertainment, local nonfiction, local sport in Europe; and local entertainment, local nonfiction around the world. And that library from the last 25 to 30 years of local content really differentiates us from Netflix and Disney. It makes us a great companion if you're putting together a bundle. 
So we are seeing some real growth in the few markets that we've launched in. We're using the Olympics as a forcing mechanism where we're looking to rebuild the platform so that coming out of the -- we're ready with the Olympics all across Europe. And then coming out of that, we'll be able to roll out. But for instance, Vodafone will not be for a little while. 
But JB, why don't you give some more specifics?

Sure. Why don't I start -- I'll start with Magnolia. Chip and Jo have been huge supporters of discovery+. And for the audience around the world and particularly here in the U.S., the delight with the fact that Fixer Upper is back, Magnolia Table with Jo, really strong, all exclusive to discovery+. As well as the slate that we've been developing and they as chief creative officers have been creating is on discovery+. The good news is there's a huge amount of incremental content coming from them as well as all the content that we were putting on Magnolia. All of that will continue to be on discovery+. 
We've come up with a really creative partnership because Magnolia itself is a huge business for them and a transactional business. And so we will be launching an app together where people can go and take all kinds of classes, they can do workshops, they can transact business with the Magnolia product, they can transact business with a number of things that Chip and Jo will be curating. But all the content that's developed will be on discovery+.  
So effectively, when it launches, whatever number of subs that we have will be subs that will have the Magnolia app available to it. So it's really a win-win. It becomes effectively part of us, and they -- we become part of them, they become part of us, and it's 1 and 1 equals 2.

Sure. Thanks, Doug. Right now, it seems quite broad. We're getting subscribers from our broad marketing. We're seeing subscribers coming in from our own marketing on our own platforms. We're seeing a lot of digital. The age is really across the board. A lot of that has to do, I think, with the great work that Disney has done in acclimating people. 
The encouraging thing is that we see good numbers about people once they know about the product, wanting to have the product. And we're -- one of the reasons that we're marketing is we think we've got a great product and we need more people to understand what it is. For 60 days in, with a product called discovery+, we've had to do a lot of work. It's a great brand that people love, but we had to explain that it's home, food, Chip and Jo, crime, Oprah Winfrey. And there's all of this -- all the stuff that people like. So that was number one. 
The roll to pay has been terrific. The amount of time people have been spending on is terrific. And so right now, it looks good. We can't tell you how big the market is, but right now, it feels like we're off and running.
In terms of the content that we're moving around, we're really experimenting. And the interesting thing is the way our product works so far is it's very different than Disney or Netflix. We have this massive library, and when we say what's trending, if you took all the top shows that are trending and put them all together, it represents less than 10% of what people are watching. And so it's -- we have such a diversity of content. 
When you talk about scripted series and scripted movies, where you have 8 people playing that game, they're going there for a scripted series and they tend -- or they're going there for a movie. For us, since we've pulled together that other 50%, they're watching Discovery stuff. They're going in and watching Prince William in an environmental documentary. And other people are going in there and watching the fact that we have the largest crime library or paranormal or food fans. So we're just experimenting. 
We're moving some -- we're moving things around, but we still have a full commitment to the existing bundle. We are the bundle. I mean it's basically news, sports and us. And a lot of the other players are now in -- they're in repeat mode. And for us, we have a real equitable argument. I was talking with some of our operators over the weekend about the amount of original content that we're still doing and the amount of viewership that we're getting on the platform. And so we think we could do both, and we're experimenting moving things between the 2.

Let me talk about GO, which is really our AVOD, where we're getting terrific CPMs. It's been a great feeder, a really terrific, terrific feeder for us, which is really an efficient conversion. 
And it's really -- we have a holistic view here. We have our traditional business with great margins where we continue to -- which we think, outside the U.S., it's declining but at a much slower rate than in the U.S. But in the U.S., we're seeing some stability. We expect that it will decline, but we really like our position there. 
Then we have the GO AVOD, where we have a very young demo with very good economics, and people continue to go there. And the more people we can get to go there, the more people can come over that want to get our SVOD service, which has a lot more stuff. So we think it's really like a great 1-2-3 combo. And for advertisers, it's terrific. So we're going to continue to look at the market.
And as JB said, we're evolving. We have a very low-priced product given the marketplace. It's an unbelievable value. If you look at the value of us at $4.99 in AdLite versus everyone else, with the library we have and the originals, it's terrific. Outside the U.S., we can go a lot cheaper than that and still have a multiple of the ARPU that we get. 
But as JB said, we're learning. We've been at this for 5 years. That's how I think we took so much time to launch, to figure out how do we get everything aligned. But the idea of AVOD, SVOD, AdLite and some -- now we're going to add SVOD with low commercials, but we'll also, in some markets, we might want to put in a big front porch of AVOD. And we've been doing that in a couple of markets already and finding that that's a real feeder. And the fact that we have advertisers in GO, that's one of the reasons we have 100 advertisers in discovery+ right now. 
So who knows where all this will be in 5 years, but right now, we have great ARPU on our existing business domestically and around the world. We're getting started. We're way ahead of where we were. And we like the metrics, and we're going to -- we'll just follow the consumer need. 
I don't know, JB, just maybe a little on AVOD from your perspective.

Thanks, Ben. One of the great things is we get to see what people watch and how they watch it and what they like. And I would say -- I wouldn't say best, I would say different. We're continuing to invest in our traditional channels around the world, and that's building our global IP library. And so we'll continue to do that. It's still a great model, and we think it's going to go on for quite some time. 
It's also a terrific feeder. So the people that are watching our cable channels are buying the product. People that are going to GO and seeing some of the product that they've downloaded and they like, they're buying the product. So we think it's really advantageous to us to keep that nourished. And it's good for us with our existing distributors because they appreciate that and that we're key to the bundle and we're supporting it.
Having said that, there are a number of things that we're learning. Like if we do a big crime documentary, a big crime documentary, we could put it on ID and we have put it on ID. But they -- some of those things are they want to watch it when they want to watch it. 
When we did the Prince William documentary on the environment, on Discovery, I think it would have done well. It did unbelievably well in discovery+. Everybody wanted to see it. Same thing with Attenborough. I think a lot of the stuff that we have, some of it is different, but we are starting to get some clues on the kind of things that people like to have on a platform and watch whenever they want.
We also have seen that we're getting a lot of comments that this is a service that people could watch sort of in 2 ways. One is while they're cooking, they can -- we added a feature where you can -- almost like a synthetic channel, where if you love Fixer Upper and you love the Property Brothers and you love Guy Fieri, you can just put that into the app, and that's what will run all day long. And so on the one hand, you may really want to watch the Attenborough or this great crime documentary or Ina Garten is doing a great show with Melissa McCarthy, but you also may want to just put it on so you have something really fun that you love to watch while you're cooking or while you're home schooling the kids or while you're working. 
And a lot of the SVOD products are -- have -- are there for intention, what is -- where you have a full-on focused intent to view, which we have, and we have great content, great characters, great brands, but we also have this ability to be a companion. The content is on and it's a great companion for you when you're home or it's a great companion -- we have your favorite shows. So it's a balance. And we're looking -- we think we could do both, fantastic, differentiated content that people love and also the content and characters that they love that they can hang around with all day. 
Remember, Food and HG and ID, together with FOX News are the 4 longest length of view cable networks in America, with our 3 being women and FOX News being men. And there's a reason for that behaviorally. People sometimes want to have that on during the day, and they can do that with our app. And so we think both of those provide a value equation.

Just want to -- we did -- we were able to make some 2 meaningful hires that have really been helping us. One is we hired the head of sales from Hulu.

Jim Keller who's really terrific. We have a great team, but how do we take ourselves to the next level? 
And then we just hired last week the head of...

Yes, the CMO from Hulu to come over. And so we've brought over a lot of expertise here that we think in terms of selling our product, selling the digital product, getting someone that has years and years of experience of just doing that, together with the very strong team that we have, and Steinlauf's doing a fantastic job, and then take the great marketing team that we have with all the strength you see in the campaign and bring someone who's been doing just subscriber acquisition for the last 8 years is going to help this company really grow.

Sure. Let me start with the content. We've never made our entire library available before. So one is there's a lot of excitement about being able to sit down and watch all MythBusters, look at all the seasons of Deadliest Catch, Ice Road Truckers, go back and watch a bunch of Lifetime movies all in one sitting. So we're making available this whole bucket of content, all the food -- go back with Guy Fieri, spend an afternoon watching Diners and Dives (sic) [ Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives ]. 
So there's a lot of appeal in our full library, too. There's a huge amount of original content that is on there that's doing really well. The metrics are really not the same for us. If you take those 12 -- top 12 shows, that's less than 10% of what's viewed on the platform. So I'm not on the inside of these other SVOD platforms, but when they launch a big movie or they launch a big series, if they name 3, it might be 30% of the viewing or 40% of viewing. For us, it's less than 10%. So our product has a lot of long tail. 
When you -- and a lot of the original content is very helpful, I think, because it makes -- it is clear that it's differentiated. One of the reasons why a lot of people that have GO are moving over and paying for this product is there's more there and there's a ton of original content. So I think -- we think we're on to something with the mix. 
We're not being guided that much by seeing that they're watching this show or that show because when we actually look at the full numbers, the answer is that they -- we've represented 50% of what people watch on TV, and that's not available anywhere else. You go to the others for scripted series and scripted movies, and the big takeaway for us is people are willing to pay for that other 50% so far. And that could be a yellow brick road for us.

As I said, we've done a very innovative alignment together, and you're going to continue to see content on discovery+ exclusively. There may be a window. Maybe -- we think linear is still valuable. They've produced a lot of good content. But you'll be seeing a tremendous amount of  content coming from them and coming from their creative factory that will be on discovery+ exclusively or exclusively for a period of time before it shows up somewhere else.

And outside the U.S., we're finding that, with our local language, local sports strategy, that having a particularly compelling piece of local IP that's available exclusively is driving -- I mean speak to that a little bit, JB. We're seeing real growth in Poland when we take a particular piece of compelling local IP and put it just on our discovery+ product.

Thanks, Alexia. On the ad budgets, getting back to what -- even before we get to discovery+, with our traditional business, what Steinlauf has been -- and his team have very effectively done, and he and I have been on the road with all the big agencies at least 3 times over the -- since the Scripps deal, is dealing with the fact that the broadcasters are getting over $60 in CPM and we were getting 1/3 of that. And -- but we're the #1 player for women -- or the #2 player for women. And we have the #1 network with TLC. We have the #1 show with 90 Day Fiance. And so we've been pushing that rock uphill. And you see in our numbers how we've been driving that CPM. 
But now that we have a whole basket where we have this win-win of "Come in with us for $40-plus CPM," why are you going to get a repeat on a broadcast network when you could buy original content on us and we get a huge premium on our CPM. We believe that this should ultimately flip. And aside from sports, we should be getting a premium versus the broadcasters because we're producing -- we have length of view. We have an audience that's engaged. We have endemics with food and home where advertisers want to be. And so we think we have some real momentum there, and we're going to push on it because we think, from an equitable perspective and from a performance perspective, we should see much more of that money with much more CPM with better returns. And we think advertisers are starting to agree with us, and you should see that flowing through over a period of time. 
And with GO and discovery+, we do have a lot more opportunity because with discovery+ bigger than we thought, with GO continuing to perform, we have more capacity. And we're seeing that the attractiveness of that capacity in terms of the kind of premiums that we're getting in CPM on discovery+ where there's only a few ads is really terrific. So it's -- and it's incremental reach, real incremental reach for us, non-cable, and so -- which is quite helpful.
And on the local, leaning in, we do need original content. We have been doing it. JB's work has been producing a lot of it in every language. We have the factory that converts all of our content into every language, but we are doing more original because it's helping us both on linear and direct to consumer. 
But JB, talk about how we've kind of pivoted this year to lean in even harder.