Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call.
Our business is strong, and we feel just great about what we have accomplished since we closed the Scripps merger, and we're proud of the results we have delivered this quarter.
We really like our hand and our strategy. Discovery is a true global IP company with real differentiation from the rest of the industry and powerful operating momentum around the world. We remain optimistic about the road ahead, as we drive forward with our plan to transform our global business. It was 8 months ago that we closed on Scripps, and it has exceeded our expectations on every front.
We are delivering strong cost synergies, enhancing our global suite of content and IP and accelerating the process of broadening and refining our product offerings.
In doing so, we continue to maximize value from the linear ecosystem, while continuing to attack opportunities to drive our IP across the global direct-to-consumer landscape.
Discovery is making strong headway on all these strategic areas, much of which is reflected in our operating results this quarter, which Gunnar will review in more detail shortly.
Let me highlight a few operating metrics where we are very proud of the company's achievement and progress this quarter.
First, our strong 5% domestic advertising growth, marked by accelerating performance at both the legacy Discovery and Scripps Networks, on the back of improved ratings, healthy overall pricing, nice growth on our TV Everywhere apps and strong execution by the sales and network teams.
Secondly, our heightened focus on improving operating efficiency, fueled by our transformation efforts, drove impressive total company margin improvement of 500 basis points to 40%. This contributed to substantial free cash flow generation at over $900 million this quarter and facilitated us reducing our net debt by just about $1 billion this quarter, and helped us reduce our net leverage significantly faster than originally projected at close.
Additionally, I'd like to focus this morning on a few key areas in which we are establishing differentiated growth performance relative to our peers, and where we are gaining further traction from our strategic pivot.
At Discovery's domestic networks, we are outperforming the marketplace, and are currently bucking some of the trends we are seeing across the industry. Our ratings momentum has been an outlier in an industry where both cable and broadcast performance has been increasingly soft. For the third quarter, ratings and delivery across our core networks were up 1% in L3, well outperforming both the cable and broadcast markets.
Discovery is the #2 TV company in America, including both broadcast and cable, with NBC Universal being the only company in the U.S. that reaches more people and is larger.
Within the pay-TV universe, we deliver a near 20% share of viewership among all viewers, and nearly 25% share among women. That strong position and delivery provides a distinct advantage and an opportunity on the sales and marketing side to promote our content across a much larger audience base.
This past quarter, we had 3 of the top 5 pay-TV channels for women, in both prime time and total day, and achieved a 23% share of the female audience.
On any given night, we are getting between a 3 and a 4 rating in women 25 to 54 across the portfolio, and typically exceeding a 4 rating on Sunday night. And across the pay-TV universe alone, we are achieving between a 5.4 and a 7.2 rating in women 25 to 54, across the portfolio.
Putting some context around this. Premium IP in the U.S. today is incredibly scarce, with perhaps the NFL at the very top of the pyramid with respect to aggregating both male and female demos in large scale.
And advertisers pay a significant premium for this IP. So if you're an advertiser buying the NFL to reach women, you could reach the same number by buying one spot, a roadblock, across our top women's networks, HGTV, Food, TLC, ID and OWN, like -- it's like a women's super pack. And I believe we can intercept some of those huge CPM NFL or broadcast dollars, which would be a big win for advertisers, because it would be at a much lower CPM, a big increase for us and a huge reach. And it's something that nobody else can do because we have this ability now to aggregate so many compelling and strong female networks. It's one of the wow reveals of Discovery and Scripps coming together.
One of the key methods by which we have continued to strengthen our ratings portfolio is by cross-promoting across our brands, having invested in data science and advanced analytics to improve our marketing efficiency.
With the inclusion of the Scripps brands, we have increased our marketing reach by over 50%. And through effective use of day and date, data-driven audience targeting, we are increasing sampling across our viewer base, and we're able to target and drive audiences to more of our own content.
And we also are now layering in the targeted platform of our 18 GO TV Everywhere apps, 1 for each one of our channels, in which we can take the pulse of what people are watching in real time, increasing our valuable, first party data.
We are just beginning to refine our capabilities in this area, and what we ultimately may be able to achieve across this truly differentiated platform. 
Internationally, we continue to see some very strong traction from our content sharing and monetization strategy, where we now have identified nearly 3,300 total hours from 50 unique shows and 150 individual seasons of Scripps content to use across the Discovery platform.
And we will continue to refine how to best optimize this treasure trove of content across every global region and platform and across linear, digital and OTT.
Turning to our distribution strategy. We've made substantial progress in reaching consumers across critical over-the-top platforms in the U.S. We look forward to having our networks launch on Sling later this year, and we are excited about our new carriage deal with Hulu, where we just announced last week that in addition to the 8 Discovery Networks on Hulu's Live TV, we will have 9 additional brands available to subscribers later this year, bringing our total to 17, inclusive of all tiers.
Having also recently launched on AT&T Watch, with a robust 8 of its 30-plus total channels, Discovery is as well-positioned across the OTT ecosystem as any programmer or media company.
The message here is clear and no mystery, we pride ourselves on being great economic and strategic partners to our distributors. All of our deals provide fair value and incremental financial value to Discovery, and nicely align our economic interests to the future growth of subscribers to these platforms.
As we look at the deployment of skinny bundles around the world, it does take a little while to figure out the right pricing and the right marketing. But in almost every country, skinny bundles have grown and have been a big growth driver.
We expect the same here in the U.S. that over the next few years, the skinny bundles will provide real value, and our positioning will provide extra value to us, as we are on in a very compelling way almost every one of those platforms.
We remain steadfast in our goal to reach viewers across every key distribution platform and bundle offering in the ecosystem, both in the U.S. and abroad. We also continued to attack our direct-to-consumer opportunities across an expanding number of initiatives and a broader global canvas.
With the recent onboarding of Peter Faricy from Amazon, who ran Marketplace, we gain an experienced leader whose background in building platforms, tech stacks and direct-to-consumer products and unique insights into how to acquire, cultivate and nurture relationships with users gives us confidence that we are building the right type of team with the right skill set to drive this critical priority going forward.
Our strategy here is differentiated from most other media companies. At our core is a great collection of fully controlled quality and trusted programming ranging from immersive storytelling, to functional lifestyle content, to long tail and headline sports, the Olympics in Europe, golf in every country in the world outside the U.S. and behind this desirable portfolio, we are leaning heavily into OTT, with some of our most passionate, superfan brands and verticals, such as Motor Trend, where our subscriber base has more than doubled since we merged 1 year ago, and where we own a rich ecosystem of online and off-line events, entertainment and content for auto fans.
Eurosport, which is finding real success in its more focused seasons pass model; Dplay, our direct-to-consumer product in Europe, which is gaining traction as an SVOD service in Scandinavian countries with original commissions.
Our GO TV Everywhere apps. We now have 1 for every one of our channels, where we are augmenting and differentiating our linear bundle offering, establishing a great foothold in targeting a younger demo of viewers and it's beginning to really work.
Our Golf TV product, with the PGA Tour, where we will go live with a global offering early in 2019, with a broader phasing in over the next few years until we are fully global outside the U.S.
We are more enthusiastic than ever about our partnership with the PGA Tour, and the value of this superfan must-have content and the opportunity to build the global home for golf across all platforms with our Golf TV streaming service.
We're excited to announce today our first Golf TV broadcast partner, J:COM, which will allow golf fans in Japan to enjoy extensive live action on J:COM's existing Golf Network linear channel. This is a real win for the passionate and growing community of golf fans in Japan, promising to deliver even more of golf's biggest moments all year-round, available however fans want to watch. We have ambitious plans to work together to develop a broader digital ecosystem, leveraging Golf TV's invigorated, comprehensive content offering and J:COM's Golf Network Plus App.
Like the competitive bidding environment that took place with Sky, we watch industry M&A closely and how it reinforces our evolving global strategy. And we have made a lot of progress through our transformation to continue to reinforce that strategic position.
Looking ahead from here, we see a stronger, more powerful and more differentiated Discovery, and one that is continually adapting to the changing needs and affinities of our global fans.
And while many in media continue to chase the scripted ball, Discovery is leaning into real-life entertainment on all screens and services. We have global scale, strong free cash flow, and now even greater depth in content and brands to launch more superfan services on more platforms.
And we are appropriately investing against this opportunity set in people, resources and technology around the world to facilitate this strategic pivot. We look forward to providing you with additional progress reports as we move forward. To discuss the financial impact of all this and our third quarter results, I'd like to turn it over to Gunnar.

On the -- moving from 3 to 2, I see that as quite encouraging and we're just getting started. If you look outside the U.S., subscribers are still growing 2% to 3%. And here, we've had this decline. I've talked about it before. It really is about these overstuffed $100, $80, you have to carry it -- every broadcast network, every sports network and there's really been a rejection of this overprice. And it creates an ecosystem that's -- that has much more challenges than we should as an industry, because we're walking away from many people that would love to have multichannel for a lower price.
The thing that's quite interesting in terms of how this gestates is they have to figure out the distributors, and they're quite smart. How do they -- what channels do they carry in these baskets? And then how do they price them? And then how do they market them? And so the thing that I think is very encouraging is you have AT&T aggressive, you have Charlie with DISH aggressive, Hulu and Randy being very effective, Sony, you just have more and more, Philo, players in this space, and we've started to quantify how they're doing with each other.
And you're starting to see that some are holding back with marketing until they figure out what are the right channels. Some are figuring out who do they market it to? But in almost every market in the world, these skinny bundles have been a really a big accelerator of growth with a young generation and in times, when there's -- when GDP is flat or wages are declining, there's movement to these tiers.
And that's one of the things that's held it up for years, is that the big distributors don't want someone who's paying $110 to revert down to a $40 or $45 a package. But in the long run, every other country effectively, most -- almost every country, has just kind of taken the gulp and moved toward that.
And that's what's resulted in the 2% to 3% growth around the world. And we're on the precipice of that now. So -- and as you look at each of these skinny bundles, we do extremely well in terms of not just having our channels carried, but if you do the calculation of the percentage of viewership that we're getting, when we have 200 channels and we're getting 25% or 30% of women and people, and then how do we do when we have our top channels carried against 30? It's quite significant. And it will provide, I think a lot of upside, and we think we could be the big winners here. So we want to figure out how do we help these distributors market this. We love the Hulu deal. We're very excited about what Randall is doing with AT&T Watch and DirecTV Now, and what's going on in general in this space. And I think over the next 1 year to 2 years, you're going to see an aggressive push into this space, because these distributors are going to get -- our currency is going to be how well you do it. And this will be a big ticket. So we're excited about it.

Well, look, I think we really haven't seen that. And more importantly, as we talk to the distributors, they're talking to us about how do they market this. I think you see an awkwardness in that some of these packages still are carrying too much stuff. And so they're actually losing money when they sell a package for $40 or for $45 or for $35. And it's because these packages are still -- they're forced to carry some stuff that they don't want to. And so I think what you're going to see is, one, there'll be a drive toward accelerating the growth, even if they maybe aren't making as much money and look for long-term asset value and building the relationship with customers. But two, I think you're going to see some of the channels that are carried on these bundles taken off, because when you look at how a lot of those channels are performing, and you look at the stuff that was forced in, it's the -- they're not necessary from a consumer perspective. And so I think we're in this moment where they're not really getting behind them. How do -- do we want to market these right now? Do we want to take off a couple of channels before we do, so we have some more margin? Or who exactly do we want to go after? DirecTV Now, for a period of time, was doing very well. And I think you got to look at how they're being marketed. But in the long run, consumers want these and the industry is -- has already put the stick in the ground and is -- and has said yes, we're going to get behind it. And I think it's one of the things that's going to be helpful as you guys every quarter, taking a look at who's getting what? So I would say, it's too soon to say that it's slowing. I think that we'll probably see in '19, I believe, there'll be a very significant acceleration because there's a big demand and there'll be some share shift. Who has the better package? Who's cheaper? And in many countries, you see some of these skinny bundles where it's okay to lose money, because you pick up a broadband subscriber. And then you have an opportunity over time to offer that consumer more.
So all of it works to our benefit. It all works to our benefit. We are in a much different position than we were. And so we're just happy that our content is not that expensive and that we're on these packages.

Sure. Thanks, Jessica, and congratulations on the wedding.
Okay. Look, I think that Golf TV reflects this idea of who we are, and a little bit of a misunderstanding of who we are. We're not a -- just a linear TV company. And when we came together with Scripps, there was this narrative, oh, it's 2 companies that are just linear television. We bought Scripps because that -- the IP that they own around food, home, travel, cooking, they own that content globally everywhere in the world. And we look at food, and we said -- we say, that's one of the few -- everybody wakes up every day and at some point they say, what's for breakfast? What's for lunch? And what's for dinner? That's a shared -- you can say that about very little IP. And so the opportunity against food, home, all of that IP is the way we see our company. And so that's why we got into sports in Europe, and it's one of the reasons why we own -- for all the sports we have in Europe, we own those rights on every platform. We haven't fully monetized it yet, because we're way IP long. On the Olympics, we think we're going to do a lot better job in monetizing it, coming up in Tokyo. And in terms of the tennis and the cycling, we'll continue to do a better job. But if you go to Europe now, you don't see it on every mobile player. You don't see deals being cut with some of the big FAANG companies. It's because we have all that IP, and we're waiting. The exciting thing about Golf TV is we're above the globe. And you look at the companies that are creating huge shareholder value, cable was -- the franchise and then you get the whole state, you get a region. But then you compare that to the FAANG companies that are above the globe. And with Golf TV, we are above the globe. And so the ability to be in partnership with Jay Monahan and the PGA Tour, and take all of those personalities, more than 50% from around the world, 2 of the top players from China, and step up above the globe and say, here's the golf ecosystem where you could read about golf, buy product and look at all of this tour content live on any device and us to be in control of the full ecosystem. How much do we put on broadcast? Do we start a golf channel, in a particular market? How much do we offer? When do we offer it? And we have a lot of exciting things that we'll be announcing. We'll start on January 1, and we don't have -- the way it works is by 2022, we'll have the entire globe. But on January 1, we have Japan, Russia, Italy, Belgium, Canada, Spain, Turkey and more. But there was some existing deals for the PGA that roll off. But when they do roll off, we have the full rights across every platform. So if you see a mobile player carrying it, if you see a deal with one of the FAANG companies, if you see a deal with like what we did with J:COM. And with J:COM right now, there's tremendous growth with golf, and we were able to structure a deal, where it's very favorable, better than we expected on the PGA Tour content itself. On top of that, we're going to be promoting and cross-promoting each other. On top -- in addition to that, we structured our overall deal for all of our channels in Japan. And we come out with a net positive where owning this great IP that's highly in demand, and we've retained all of the rights over the top. And so it's great local assets that the PGA Tour brings, and we think we can even enhance that. We are investing in it, and you'll be seeing some announcements over the next couple of weeks, with some very exciting stuff, because we're serious about this. We look at the demo, there's 3 billion people in China, 2 of the top players on the tour are there, and we control all of it. And so we look at Asia as a big growth engine, but we look at this idea of above the globe, and then you take a FAANG company and they say, I like this. You got scripted in movies and you got 10 of those services, what do you guys have? We've got golf above the globe. We can do something together with golf everywhere in the world. So that's -- in the next couple of weeks, you'll be hearing a lot more from us on this, but it reflects who we are. We're a global IP company.

When you think about this superfan IP company, this whole idea, really driven by Malone 5 years ago saying, what do we have that people will watch when they could watch anything? And what do we have that people will pay for before they'll pay for dinner? And so whether it's cycling in Europe, whether it's the Olympics, tennis, here golf everywhere in the world, Oprah, food, home, science, natural history, we really like this idea that we are not on the scripted and movie side, and we own all of this IP. And we can take it up to the FAANG companies. We can take it to the regional guys and we can take it ourselves directly in an aggregate package or individually like we're doing with golf.

Thanks, Ben. I think the first most important part about GO is, and if you haven't gotten on it, you should play with it. It's these authenticated apps that we now have for each of our channels, is -- it tests a simple question, because of the skinny bundle issue here in the U.S., there is -- there are a lot of people that -- younger people that aren't watching TV or just generationally they're not watching the TV in the living room. How appealing is our content to that generation? And when we look at the scale of young demo that's spending time with our GO apps on TLC, ID, HG, Discovery, it's pretty compelling. And we're doing original content for the GO apps. I think we're further ahead by a lot than anybody else. And I think it makes sense, because we have channels that people love. There's sort of 3 baskets of channels. Four. There's sports, there's news, and then there's the broad channels that people go to for a scripted show that they love, but the brand doesn't mean that much to them and then there is us. These quality brands that people love. And we -- it has been a big growth engine for us. We spent 2 hours in a meeting with Karen Leever and her whole team the other day. We're talking about what else can we do to drive more people to become aware of it, because when the fans of TLC and ID or HG authenticate in, they're spending a huge amount of time. We're getting a big premium on the CPM, and it is affirming to us that we have IP that people love. And then we can see exactly what they're watching. What are they watching? How much time are they spending? We can -- and so it's helpful on the data side, but it's also helpful to us as we produce content for them for these apps. And we start to pick up a better sense of exactly what this younger demo that's spending less time on TV is doing. And you're going to -- you see that growth in our numbers. Part of that 5% is that there's a -- these GO apps are really -- they're starting to generate real significant value for us, and will continue.

Well, first, there are a lot of elements to every deal. But Charlie is very creative and clever. He was the first player to emerge with Spanish-only content, and he created a huge amount of asset value. He's very entrepreneurial. And he takes a look at us and he says, okay, we got a regular deal, which was, I think, very favorable for both of us. He took a look at what's going on with Sling, and said, you know what? You have really good content that will help me get this thing growing. And having your services, as he said yesterday, will help the overall value package of Sling and make Sling a lot more competitive. And not having our stuff was probably a bit of a challenge, because we have 3 or 4 of the top channels -- 3 of the top channels for women, the top channel for men, top channel for African-American women. And so I think that's -- we're hoping that that's going to be helpful to Charlie. But the other kind of things are things that Charlie and I talk about all the time, which is, hey, that we have more IP than anyone else. And we have loads of IP in different languages. So if -- there's a huge population, let's say, in Chicago of people that have immigrated from Poland over the years, and speak Polish. We're the leading player in Poland. We can take all that content in, and that can be offered on the satellite right in and in ways that could be very potentially compelling for Charlie, compelling for us. If there's a big Italian population. So I think when you take a look at our company, and you take a look at somebody that's as creative and strategic as Charlie, we do our traditional deal and he says, you're the leader in global pay-TV and you own everything. What else do you have that might be interesting? And so we're having some conversations about some things that we have that might be interesting to him.

Sure. Well, look, I think we have -- TLC is quite strong, pretty much across the board, but 90 Day Fiancé is really like -- it reminds me of Housewives when I was at NBC -- with the NBC Cable Group. It's not one show, it's multiple shows. It runs for most of the year. It continues to grow. On Sunday night, where we have -- it also is working for us globally. But on Sunday night, it's massive numbers and it's created -- it has huge social energy around it, and we think that it's -- that's sustainable, but the rest of the network is strong. And it's also a network that caters to suburban and Middle America, in a way that I think is pretty unique. But a lot of our channels are doing very, very well right now. ID is doing great. Henry Schleiff and Kathleen Finch have been digging in on Travel, and Travel is way up. HG has turned around. And so we are in a business of a portfolio. Having said that, October was a little bit of a challenge, one, in terms of some premieres on Discovery. We got a great show coming up that launches in early December, Border Live, that we're optimistic about. We think it's quite exciting. But we have an inherent significant advantage, and it's our job to take advantage of it. Broadcast has been declining at 9% -- 8%, 9%, 10% for the past several years. It's unlikely that that's going to change. The broad cable networks, broad entertainment cable networks have a much -- have a very competitive environment with Netflix and Amazon and HBO, and it's a tougher game and they're very committed to reruns of content. And those networks people tune in to for series, scripted series, and then you have the quality niche networks. And so we were up 1% in the last quarter when everyone else was down 8% or 9%. Are we going to be up 1% all the time? No. But we shouldn't be declining at 9%. We have great brands that people love, that they're spending more time with. And so we think that when we looked a quarter ago, and Brian was -- and NBC Universal was the #1 reach in TV, and they were at about 17%, we were at 13%. A quarter later, we're at 15% of viewership. And Disney and some of the other major companies are flat to down. And so our game is, can we grow, but even if we can't grow, if we could be down 1%, down 2%, while everyone else is down 6%, 7% or 8%, then our aggregate share of television is going to continue to grow. And we've got to get the word out, because very few people recognize that we're the number 2 TV company in America, and we think we could take share.

I'll just -- let me start with the return. When you see a bid for Sky, and that asset trading at 17x, where they have a big business in the U.K. and a business in Germany and Italy. And we have a broad business. We're making over $1 billion this year and next year, we're going to -- we will be making a lot more than that outside the U.S. with a huge business across Europe. But also the fact that we're the leader in sports, 2 to 3 sports channels in every country. And the return also has to do with the overall asset value. Can you aggregate the type of IP that we have across all of Europe, not just the Olympics, cycling, tennis that we were able to buy, and we bought it good in terms of low single-digit, to aggregate it? And we're getting smarter about how we do it. The channels are doing well. It's helped our overall packaging. A lot of people have gotten reduced. Take a look at the other players in media, down 5%, down 10%, down 15%. We've been able to grow our affiliate line. And in some cases, we make different decisions about how we move IP. I think you'll see over the next couple of years a real acceleration, because we're not selling that IP yet to Tim at Deutsche Telekom and to Vodafone, and to Telenor and -- or to Apple or the Facebook. And they're in the business of wanting sports. And we have very valuable long-term sports. But you couldn't reaggregate it. If somebody said I'd like to be the leader in sports in Europe. I like channels. I'd like to own IP content that could reach across affinity groups to 750 million people, you simply couldn't do it. And so for us, I think it's -- it remains very valuable. And I think you'll see, as we're able to sell it to other platforms, like the NFL, get sold to Verizon. You see more and more. You see T-Mobile offering content in order to decommoditize their platform. When platform companies want to decommoditize, there's big opportunity. And we think that Brian can be a meaningful opportunity. Sky Now is a very strong platform. He was over yesterday in the U.K. talking about driving Sky. And when they're looking for what can they put on Sky Now across all of Europe, we're one of the major players in every single market that could give them local IP and local sports. And we'll make that decision as to what works. But I think there's a lot that we can do with Sky, with the mobile players and there's a lot of opportunity. On the regional sports, we've said -- we see our -- we like outside the U.S., we like our European position as a leader, but we think we're late here. Those businesses can be dicey. I was involved in those businesses with Bob Wright and Chuck Dolan in the early days. And they really have to do with how long you own that IP for? And I think in many cases, they were at the top of the heap in terms of what they were able to generate. So I think unless it was a great deal, you wouldn't see us in there.

Thanks a lot. The attractiveness of the Golf TV for us is driven by being in this business of direct-to-consumer for the last 5 years. And a lot of what we thought was going to work hasn't -- it didn't work. A lot of things were harder than we thought. Some things surprised us as being really loved and attractive to users. And -- but one of the elements is, how much live IP can I watch? How often? So the idea that we have 48 weeks of content. We have the Asian PGA Tour. We have Latin America PGA Tour. We have the PGA Tour itself, which is the premier tour everywhere in the world. We have the Senior PGA Tour. We have the web.com tour. And we will make -- we're in discussions to add to that. But to start with from Thursday through Sunday, we have an enormous amount of great IP, in most cases, in time zone. And because of the fact that we made this announcement, and the fact that Jay and I kind of went on a little bit of a tour on how important this is and the commitment that the PGA Tour has to this. There'd been a number of people that have raised their hand, and organizations, that have said, I want to be part of this.
And so with 48 or 49 weeks of great, great content, do we need to have every major? Eventually, I think we will. They'll want to be on our platform. We're building a full-on ecosystem. In the old days, you would wait for once a month, if you love golf, for your 2 golf magazines to come, and then you'd read it under the covers. Well, now you can read it under the covers, but you're going to read it under the covers on your phone. And you're going to be reading about the players. You can buy what you want. It has all kinds -- instructional video. So we think this full-on ecosystem will be quite compelling. It's the vision that Jay and I have together. And when we're talking to the players on the PGA Tour, they all want to be part of this, because they think -- for all of them, it's like -- this is exactly what I would have wanted when I was growing up, and won't this make tour more compelling. And so if you look at that, and then you say you're a major and you're going to be 1 weekend, for 4 days, do you want to try and reach golf fans everywhere in the world for that 1 weekend? Or do you want to come on our bus that's circulating above the globe? So we think we have a very good hand there. And we will be making some announcements, some exciting announcements, but the big investment in this, we think is behind us. Because we think we got the premier content. On the Go, Gunnar?

The last point on Golf TV, because I think this isn't about Golf TV, this is about a global platform above the globe, in 52 languages. There's no other company that can do that. And there's no other company that has between 10 and 12 channels in every country, letting people know about it. And if we can do this, and we believe that we can, and we got Jay and the PGA Tour with us, and we've got all the players with us. If we can do this, then we will have established a global platform. Global platform, you got Netflix has a global platform. Apple has a global platform. We have a global platform, Which we'll be promoting to with all of our linear channels. But on top of that, if you're a federation with a sport, if you're badminton, if you're ping pong and you want to go above the globe, where do you go? So we think we're building something that if we could find the right recipe here, both from an infrastructure and technology perspective as well as an understanding of what nourishes an audience, which the magazine business went through for years. They had to figure out, how do we create a magazine that people love and pay for every month? We've been at this for 4.5 years. We don't have the answers, but we think that this above-the-globe, superfan business, and it's not just sport, then we can start to slot in all of our stuff. So you'll hear us on Golf TV, but you'll feel our enthusiasm because we think this above-the-globe concept with IP, it really reflects who we are as a global IP company.

Yes. We're the only -- Disney can go above the globe with their kids content, but we're one of the few companies that really see ourselves that way. And we actually have the ability, with all of our content, we're paying the piper. We, as a company, have made the decision that we're going to go IP long to get above the globe. And it's -- this strategy in Europe is very similar, 750 million people is an awful lot. But we are looking for content that is globally appealing. So the great thing about golf is they love it everywhere. The great thing about cycling is it has a great appeal broadly. The great thing about tennis is it has great appeal broadly. There are a lot of other sports that are more local. And you can get expats that love that content, but it isn't -- it doesn't -- it isn't the same. And so for us, are we interested in that once we build the platform, in helping to support that? Maybe. But the bigger game, I think, are these global sports. How do you aggregate everybody that loves curling? How do you aggregate everybody that loves ping pong? How do you aggregate everybody that loves badminton? They may seem small, but in the end, maybe our platform becomes an exchange for that. And we're not paying for it at all. Because we've built the best global engine with the best promotion vehicle on the ground. That's the hope. It's going to take a long time, but that's how we've structured our company, above the globe.