Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to review both our Q1 performance and the meaningful progress we are making since our launch of discovery+. 
Across our operating segments, brands and global markets, I couldn't be prouder of how our company has executed, near flawlessly, responding with creativity, precision and focus across the board while, at the same time, accelerating the pace of innovation throughout our organization as we embrace substantial growth opportunities around the globe.  We continue to reposition the company and put it on a path of sustainable growth for the long term. 
Our ability to generate free cash flow is crucial, allowing us to fully fund our pivot and underscoring the efficiency of our model. Indeed, even during this moment of increased investment, as clearly evidenced in our financials this quarter, our free cash flow machine is working harder than ever, and it is reinforcing an evolving narrative about Discovery's differentiated hand.  
With the strong global launch of discovery+, we are now scaling a very well-received global direct-to-consumer offering that complements our incumbent linear channel presence in every television market around the globe. In Q1, Discovery had the most watched domestic pay-TV portfolio. Internationally, we enjoyed an impressive seventh consecutive quarter of linear share growth, anchored by our 27th straight month of growth in our female genres and best-ever quarterly performances in several markets, including the U.K., France and Germany. This growth was supported by the continued global expansion of our Scripps lifestyle brand and content. We achieved this while simultaneously launching and building discovery+. 
Our continued strategic focus leverages Discovery's powerful competitive advantages, well-established consumer connections in every market in the world, vast local language IP ownership, deep and expanding distribution relationships and a super efficient content production model to power both our global direct-to-consumer expansion and our core linear business. To achieve this, we are investing more than ever before in our content across the board to support these platforms.  
So far in 2021, it is all coalescing and exceeding all of our early benchmarks across almost every KPI. We are pleased to report that just 4 months into our U.S. launch of discovery+ and with the vast majority of our international expansion still ahead of us, we have 15 million total paying subs across our global direct-to-consumer base. And we continue to move forward with strong momentum. 
When I think about our 15 million direct-to-consumer paying subscribers that we have today and the fact that we were able to add 10 million paying subscribers since the end of last year, we're just really impressed with our traction. At the end of Q1, we crossed 13 million paying global net subscribers, representing sub growth that compares quite favorably to our peers over the same period, underscoring the value, appeal and stickiness of our content, all of which supported our conviction about our opportunity ahead. 
But our sub count tells only part of the story. We are equally encouraged by early metrics and KPIs across engagement, churn and monetization and ARPU, particularly in the U.S., which likely place us at the very top of an impressive list of peer offerings, many of whom have had a far longer runway thus far than we have. Roll-to-pay has been between 80% and 85% of pre-trial subs. Engagement is approximately 3 hours per day per viewing subscriber and well ahead of linear. The retention is strong, giving us confidence that while early, monthly churn is trending towards low single digits. 
Consumers clearly love the discovery+ product. We see that on social, in the App Store product ratings and the feedback from partners, clients and talent in the marketplace. Our App Store ratings rank as among the sector's top. Our Apple App Store rating is 4.9 and based on a very large number of reviews. Our strong early KPIs are driving exceptional monetization. Our $4.99 AdLite product, with only 4 minutes of commercial time, generated over $10 of ARPU in the quarter, already well ahead of our longer-term goal. And it's still trending up.
Our overall blended U.S. ARPU of around $7 is already in line with what we generate in linear, and we see healthy momentum for that figure to grow during the course of this year. And on a global blended basis, we are seeing ARPU of over $5. Gunnar will provide some additional detail on metrics and KPIs. But in short, we are working towards a substantive customer lifetime value, particularly as contrasted against the cost to gain a subscriber, encouraging us to lean in from an investment standpoint when it comes to marketing, content and technological capability in order to maximize this meaningful growth opportunity. 
We have an extremely focused approach on all the ways we can be available to the broader swath of users while driving a rich and dynamic user experience. A cornerstone of this will be expanding our partnerships with many of the world's leading distributors and platforms. We recently launched on Comcast Xfinity Flex and soon on X1 and are deepening our relationship with Amazon around the globe with availability on Prime Video Channels in the United States and a global rollout plan for other PVC markets.  
Now let's look at Italy. It's a great example of a market where we see encouraging early signs of the long-term growth potential against which we are executing our strategy, bringing together our market expertise, strong local talent, sticky original content, management resources and relationships, production and technology infrastructure and popular brand and channel presence. 
Like a number of other markets in Europe, Italy is relatively underpenetrated with respect to pay-TV at roughly 20% with really one main distributor. It has significant mobile penetration and usage and where Discovery enjoys a healthy pay and free-to-air presence with depth and local in-language content. And though we have grown our audience share, the existing pay-TV market structure limits the upside from this segment of the ecosystem. 
The launch of discovery+ has catalyzed a new growth trajectory. Our addressable market has grown more than 10x from pay-TV to now include mobile and broadband. discovery+ enables an entry cost for premium video that's 75%-plus more affordable than traditional bundles. And discovery+ ARPU are already more than 3x greater in our wholesale portfolio. This is a powerful combination of potential universe and price growth. 
What we are seeing in Italy guides our thinking on the prospects of what our other international markets could look like. There are significant markets, such as Brazil, Germany and Australia, with similar characteristics and where our ability to offer a direct-to-consumer offering packaged with mobile or multi-platform operators should ultimately result in new customers, higher ARPUs and a deeper, direct connection with our  
[Audio Gap]
Of equal importance is the balance we have been able to strike across our linear and direct-to-consumer businesses. Reflecting on our Q1 performance, which, by many measures, is still facing COVID-related headwinds, I'm proud of our team's ability to manage through difficult operating circumstances. And you will see that in our Q2 outlook. Gunnar will take you through the details, but I'm pleased to note that in every international region, we're seeing positive advertising growth versus 2020 with record shares in Q1 from major markets like U.K., France and Germany. 
We are seeing the great resilience in our advertising business not just internationally but also domestically. This, taken together with very strong scatter pricing in the U.S. and public spending across the globe, give us confidence in our advertising outlook for the balance of the year, especially with the growing discovery+ opportunity. We couldn't be more excited to present to our advertisers at this year's upfronts on May 18, at a time when our brands and programming have never been stronger or more relevant. At the same time, growth in both domestic and international distribution revenues will be boosted by discovery+. 
Net-net, we see a healthy inflection in our revenue trajectory behind the global backdrop of improving underlying advertiser demand and continued share gains, particularly in our international markets. Taking a step back and assessing where we are as a company, I'm extraordinarily optimistic. We've gotten off to a great start with discovery+, exceeding our expectations [indiscernible] and are effectively managing through a dynamic, fluid and exciting a time as I have ever seen in my many years in the media business. 
We are encouraged by the engagement and reception to discovery+ from our consumers, advertisers and distribution partners around the globe, underscoring the strength of our differentiated hand. This is an early tailwind that gives us great confidence as we lean even harder into our pivot. 
Yet, as important as discovery+'s success is to the future prospects of the company, of equivalent importance is our core linear business, the foundation of the company and backbone of our strong free cash flow. As we drive [indiscernible]  long-term, sustainable growth, it is imperative that we nurture both sides of the company as interconnected and supportive to one another.   
Thank you, and I'd like to turn the call over to Gunnar, after which JB, Gunnar and I will take your questions. Thanks so much.

The only thing I would add to that is outside the U.S., we've been doing real partnership arrangements, whether it be Vodafone or Sky, where it's seen as a real positive. And the fact that Comcast -- Brian is a great operator. He's launched us on Flex. We're now going to be launching on X1. So we really -- effectively, we have 2 sides of a terrific partnership. They're getting value in -- and we're talking to a number of other distributors that we'll be following on. But it's not cannibalistic at all with Comcast. They're able to create value for us and for them by -- and I think they have some real entitlement. They're a broadband leader. And these channel stores have really developed. And Comcast is looking. And between Flex and X1, it could be a real generator of value for both of us. 
And as Gunnar said, the share of our traditional channels are going up. They're selling those channels. The cost of those channels are very low, and we're probably the best actor in that space in that we're providing the core value of the bundle. And we have renewed some deals since we launched discovery+, and we've done very well.

Thanks, Doug. On the upfront, look, I don't know that I've seen 50% increases in CPMs off of a prior year upfront before. The CPMs are very high. But what we really have an advantage of is that the broadcasters have been getting $60-plus, and we've been getting less than half that. And now, all of a sudden, instead of [indiscernible], we're booking a -- we're really making progress in booking significant dollars in the $40s, high $40s, even $50. And part of that has to do with the fact that our share is going up. We have some hit shows, whether it be mail on Discovery or whether it be shows like 90 Day Fiance, which is the #1 show on television, and we've started to get paid a lot more money for that. 
And so I think you will see the -- our CPMs, I think, meaningfully better because we have a lot of headroom still to drive our CPM versus competitors that are -- that have been at a very high level. So I think we hit this upfront at a very good moment. 
In addition, we have now some scale inventory on discovery+ which is selling very well. And in the -- in that environment then on GO, we don't have the disadvantage of -- it's a -- a viewer is a viewer. So we don't have that inherent disadvantage versus the broadcasters. So we're getting paid on every sub. 
And we also have a very good demographic which is generating dramatically higher CPMs than we're seeing in traditional. 
So overall, I think the advertising market, very, very strong. Upfront coming up, feeling good about it. 
In terms of balancing, the idea that we have viewing subs on discovery+ spending over 3 hours and that we have the highest ratings and that our churn is extremely low is telling us a lot about the quality of this product. But what's really interesting is that the top shows, our top original shows and top shows from our channels, are only generating about 10% of the viewership. We have a very long-tail library about the size of Netflix, and people are spending a lot of time with it. 
And a lot of times -- so we don't have like the one -- we don't have the one-hit show or the one-hit movie. But I think as a result of that, we're seeing much lower churn than our peers' and usage that is a lot more, and that's generating real economics for us on the advertising side, which has surprised us, the kind of economics that we're getting. 
We will continue to experiment with how we move IP around. We have a lot of originals now on discovery+, and we have more coming. And we'll be doing that globally, in addition to the local content that we have outside the U.S. 
JB, maybe you could speak to the balance as we look outside the U.S. for discovery+.

And Doug, maybe if I can just add to that. It's an upside. But right now, I mean, the trends are so overwhelmingly positive. I mean we have so much opportunity without having to fiddle with the consumer experience here, right? As we said, we're already tracking north of $10 ARPU for that headline product. And as you would imagine, there's been a positive trend over the course of the quarter as we have sort of fired up the subscriber base and attracted more advertisers into the product. So there is an underlying positive dynamic. 
But if you just take a step back here, why are we saw excited about this? Number one, we're -- we've ceased to just sell a commercial demo. It's a big difference between the linear TV and our digital platform here. We're selling every single eyeball on discovery+ and TV Everywhere for that matter. 
Number two is we've got a really level playing field here. That big gap between broadcasters and cable CPMs that we've been discussing for and seen for decades here just doesn't exist. It's premium online video, and we're getting full value for our product. Not only that, we have a highly engaged audience. You heard some of the stats that we mentioned that are probably top of the industry. Very family-friendly content environment. 
Couple that with the fact that premium online video inventory is scarce in the first place because a lot of the viewership is happening on ad-free platforms. That drives super high demand and a hot market environment right now. 
The other thing that I want to make -- the other point I want to make here in terms of upside is we're still in the early innings from the perspective of our product offering towards advertisers, right? We have just launched our [ Binge ] advertising product, pause ads. We're working on more. And it's -- in a way, it's part of the prioritization exercise here to get all those features online, but there are a couple of great other ideas. So I do think that we will -- without even playing with the number of minutes here, we will have a pretty positive run rate here for ARPU over the next couple of months.

But for us, the market feels right now very strong for us. We're growing both our ad revenue and affiliate revenue. Our ad revenue is growing dramatically. But it also gives us a relationship with every distributor. And what we're able to do is provide a value to the distributor in the bundle where, in many cases, pay-TV is only 20%, 30% penetrated. And then they're super with us on discovery+ and saying, let's reach the rest of the universe. So the markets tend to look very different. 
And so the idea of supporting us with discovery+ and on our traditional platform is something that just has a lot of symmetry outside the U.S., plus we have the ability to promote on our platforms. So -- and we have a massive library. 
So for us right now, having this -- generating a lot of free cash flow and growth in our traditional, maintaining and strengthening our existing relationships -- and it's a -- they need -- they don't want the channel stores to take all the business. So they're coming to us and saying, discovery+ is terrific. That's good for us. It's good for you. How do we help? And that's whether it's the mobile players or the broadband players. 
So for us, we think we can [ play ]. It's an advantage for us.

And remember, we have 10 to 12 channels in each country. So the scale is bigger.

Sure. Thanks, Alexia. It's a lot younger, more than -- about 15 years younger. And it's also about half of people that have cable and about half of people that don't have cable. And the advertisers are -- and also, with the length of view so high and the engagement so high, we've been doing extremely well. 
To your point, we look at AdLite as kind of a breakout hit. Here we are trending right now well over $10. And as we get bigger, it's continuing to grow. And we have this strong demo. So we look at AdLite as something that, as we look at ad free versus AdLite, we've been talking to those customers, and at 4 minutes an hour, they seem very happy. The ad free, they're very happy, but we don't really see a difference. And the ability to generate significant incremental economics off of the AdLite. So you'll see us pushing on AdLite. 
And when -- in the ad free, which was very inexpensive as we were going to be rolling it out outside the U.S., the ability to do an AdLite outside the U.S. -- JB and I, after seeing this data, immediately, 2 months ago, were wow. And so we've been pivoting because there could be upwards of 50% incremental revenue. And as we get to scale more than that by doing the AdLite and you have a very good customer experience, so which was a surprise to us -- we really thought people are used to commercials they're not going to want any. But it's one of the reasons we're not going to 5. They're so happy with the 4, and we're getting such a premium for it. And it's working so well we're just going to ride it.

And for most of our core services, for all of our core services, we have very protected carriage as well. So the ability to -- one, I don't think they would want to do anything to us, but we have very protected carriage in terms of being on the tiers and not being able to be moved around at all. 
So you'll -- you should continue to see us, by the very nature of our agreements, be at the very top. And the fact that they could add our channels to tiers to drive viewership, which we've seen in some of our newer deals, that we might -- we'll probably do better.

Yes, now we can. Yes.

The thing is that we were up significantly during the pandemic, and we were able to produce content. And we were really able to grow share pretty significantly everywhere in the world. Some of our channels like TLC and discovery+ and HGTV, they don't have the same cycle that scripted does, but we weren't able to produce a lot of content for those. We're now back to about 90% or 95%, and you'll be seeing more of our fresh content coming in. 
So one, I think on a CAGR basis, we look different than everybody because we were up meaningfully during this period. But two, we're going to have more content because it took us a little while with some of the Fixer Uppers that we could have -- that we wish we were -- we had some of the impact of the pandemic. But we're now 90-plus back, and you'll see more fresh content. And I think we'll continue to gain share and outperform.

Look, we're learning a lot. We had a ton of originals. And we could see what's working, what kind of content people are watching. We have -- it's pretty fluid. We have higher production values. We've spent a little bit more star power on discovery+. We're trying to figure out what is the plus. Fixer Upper, we didn't -- and Chip and Jo, we haven't put anywhere except for discovery+. That was a big helper to us. The BBC content will only be on discovery+. 
We're trying -- we're experimenting with -- we've put a 90-day series on that only went on discovery+, and it drove a lot of subscribers and a lot of viewership. And then those viewers are watching our whole 90-day library with over 150 hours of original on there. So we're trying to -- and then at some point there, we've put that back on, some of that content back. That's what we're trying to figure out right now. 
But we've been able to feed the growth. As Gunnar said, we're seeing some steady and strong growth on discovery+. And we're really focused on growing internationally where JB is taking it out. And internationally, it's a little bit of a different story because we're local in sport. But JB, why don't you talk a little bit about the international piece of that balance?

The only point I would add is the reason I talked about in my comments about Italy is 80% of that country, all of our content is new to them. So as you look across Europe and Latin America, even though we have a very successful pay business, that we have a huge library, having been in these markets locally for 15, 20 years, that we could now go to an offering at a very low price and be available to 80% of the country that didn't have access to us before. 
So in Europe, how do we window it and how do we move it back and forth is a very different question when you're going into a country that's 20% or 30% penetration. And it's now new to the overwhelming majority of the population. They've heard of it. They've heard of it. They have good feeling about it, but maybe they couldn't afford to buy it or they want it on a different device, but it's a different calculation.

It's tough for us to take 1 month or 2 months or 3 months and say, this is where it's going to be forever. The numbers are very good, and we are in the low single. And we'll see over the -- even if -- we think it's trending down. If -- we think that, that may change over the next couple of months, for the good or the bad. But right now, the -- by every measure, the churn is significantly lower than we expected. And it's one of the reasons why we're leaning into it, not just the length of view, but the very low churn and how happy people seem to be with the product.