Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. The first quarter was a transformational period for Discovery, marked by a number of important milestones that will help to further differentiate our strategy from the rest of the marketplace, enhance our portfolio of quality, trusted brands and position us for our next-generation of growth.
In addition to reporting solid operating momentum across our businesses, we closed on our Scripps transaction and quickly began integrating the 2 companies. And thus far, I can unequivocally say we love this combination even more now than when we first announced it.
As Gunnar will detail, our combination is exceeding expectations on every level, which you will see reflected in our upwardly revised synergy target, and we are continuing to drive more synergy value off of this base and look forward to updating you in future quarters. In short, we feel real good about where we are operationally, financially and strategically. And we see multiple areas where we can create meaningful, long-term value. Behind this momentum, we are ahead of plan to rapidly reduce our debt levels and now plan to be around 4x net debt to pro forma adjusted OIBDA by the end of this year.
I'd like to share a few thoughts on the state of our industry, our differentiated position as the global leader in real-life entertainment and why we are increasingly confident in our strategy. Let's start by looking more closely at the current state of our business. Despite the challenges of the ecosystem, our existing business continues to show real growth, and that growth continues at the same time we are investing meaningfully across the company in new opportunities like direct-to-consumer, new technology that we expect to bear fruit and give us meaningful growth in the years ahead.
We have a steady financial and operational tailwind and a model that provides for strong, visible free cash flow generation. We are a free cash flow machine. Indeed, our free cash flow is like a moat in turbulent times. It's a distinguishing, strategic asset for Discovery. That free cash flow will, over time, provide us with a loaded gun, giving us flexibility to deploy that free cash flow like bullets wherever we see opportunity to drive shareholder value.
Whether it's investing in content, IP, platforms, products and services, extending our content on to all bundles and services, whether linear, digital, mobile or direct-to-consumer, or just buying back our stock, we will have the cash to decide.
Our focus on cost-efficient real-life entertainment, leveraged across all formats, regions and methods of delivery, gives us another distinct advantage over our peers. We're not caught up in the increasingly competitive and high-cost scripted content game that has captured so much of our industries' attention and resources over the past several years. 
We don't just do shows. We curate passion brands for enthusiast audiences who, in a world where they can watch anything, seek us out because our content provides them with something special and useful for their daily life. From cooking dinner to designing their dream home or car, we engage our viewers with content that entertains and inspires while also providing real everyday value and utility.
We don't have just viewers either. We have superfans, consumers who trust our brands and believe in our talent. And we have families who feel safe and entertained while watching our content.
We're also not renters. We own the vast majority of our content across regions, platforms and formats and have the flexibility to take it wherever we want. As more and more viewers turn to their mobile devices, our strategy around global IP ownership, married to our portfolio of high-quality passion brands and utility content gives us a distinct edge. We're different than everybody else.
And finally, we aren't just in the U.S. We are truly international, with our sales teams and relationships with consumers and our creative teams in over 220 markets, a marketing platform that can light up any show or brand in any market. With our portfolio of world-class free-to-air, broadcast and digital assets, facilitated by an industry-leading cloud-based IP platform, we know better than anyone how to take content around the world in multiple languages, and we're just getting started with the Scripps IP.
I believe these distinctions make us more differentiated relative to our peers as ever before and increasingly well positioned to grow and deliver value as our industry evolves. Additionally, I remain confident in our ability to gain further penetration on skinny bundles and virtual MVPDs.
However, here in the U.S., despite a number of promising advances, our industry still isn't fully meeting the needs of its viewers. The vast majority of skinny bundles domestically are still, by and large, anything but skinny. At $35, $60, $90 or more a month, they're inflated by the heavy cost of retransmission consent and sports. And given that nearly half of all households are either light or nonviewers of sports and that about 25% of all audiences never watch any sports at all, the industry should be able to find a better way to accommodate what consumers really want. 
The tolerance of consumer subsidizing all that sports content is waning and weighing on the U.S. sub growth. The good news is the market is now beginning to respond to consumer sentiment and demand for nonsports real skinny bundles. Many pay-TV and mobile companies have announced they're going to do nonsports skinny or entertainment-heavy bundles. And new virtual providers have started to provide these offerings to try and meet consumer demand.
As these offerings gain a stronger foothold, which I believe they will, the skinny bundles will go a long way to improving the stability of the U.S. ecosystem, even maybe gaining some traction against subscriber declines.
These bundles present a terrific opportunity for content providers like Discovery. It's our sweet spot. I have been saying for years time's up. It's time for the U.S. to begin to look like every other market in the world.
Turning to our transformation process with Scripps. Gunnar and I will provide more detail. At this point in the process, we feel good, and we feel like we are in full command and control, drilling and driving forward every day, trying to optimize our company's, Discovery and Scripps, full potential.
Turning to our combined efforts, we introduced the new Discovery to the marketplace here in the U.S. at numerous upfronts over the last few weeks to a very strong response from the advertising community. We're off to good start.
The upfront, which feels healthy, presented us with the first opportunity to showcase our full and unique offering and what we mean when we call ourselves the global leader in real-life entertainment, a marketplace position that has great scope and reach, a deep endemic advertising base and category leadership across key quality brands: food, home, science, crime, Oprah, and cars, to name a few.
Because we own and produce all of our own content, we have unique flexibility as we face the advertising market. Our portfolio accounts for 20% of ad-supported cable viewership in the U.S. And we have 4 of the top 7 networks for women in total day viewing on all of ad-supported cable, I think, the first time a company has accomplished that.
We couldn't be more excited about this year's upfront as we go in as the new Discovery with trusted quality brands and a strong comprehensive menu of demos and very broad reach across our networks. We believe we will be very successful for our advertising partners; the agencies; and most of all, in creating more value for the new Discovery.
I'd also like to share a few highlights from our digital businesses where many of the initiatives we carefully seeded over the past few years are beginning to report meaningful user traction and revenue contribution as we expand our competency in building direct-to-consumer products and services.
Our TV Everywhere business, comprising our GO apps, continues to provide meaningful contribution as a source of higher CPMs and incremental revenue and audience share, delivering more than 25 million streams monthly. We recently extended GO with the creation of an OWN app, and we anticipate adding HGTV and Food Network in short order. We think all of that will create more value and stronger demos in the future.
Internationally, the Eurosport Player continues to benefit from the broad exposure it received on the back of the 2018 Winter Olympic Games. As we collect the greatest share of data and insights from each sporting event and season, our dialogue with sports superfans becomes even sharper, allowing us to better target subscribers for upcoming events, such as cycling and tennis at the moment and, ultimately, at a better managed churn from sports that are rolling off.
The Motor Trend Group, our digital automotive joint venture, is another great example of how we are taking our expertise and nourishing superfans in niche genres through a key consumer vertical, where we can become the multiplatform leader. The Motor Trend app, our OTT SVOD product, already has nearly doubled its subscriber base from when we came together last September and is quickly becoming a leading digital destination globally for auto fans. As a next step, we will rename the Velocity Network to Motor Trend network this fall, reinforcing our linear and digital car franchises under a common brand.
Going forward, you can expect us to expand on this strategy in other key verticals, such as food and home, where our category leadership with Scripps presents numerous opportunities. For example, how do we own the kitchen with advertisers and e-commerce companies across multiple platforms and formats.
In sum, we love our hand. Our differentiated position, where our IP ownership, aggregation of quality brands and focus on nourishing our enthusiast audiences with content they love and seek out in a cluttered content world, will continue to open up new and exciting ways to connect with our fans.
With the integration of Scripps moving swiftly forward, we are defining our future as the new Discovery with a broader strategy, portfolio of assets and a financial profile that we believe will allow us to deliver great upside to our shareholders this year and in the years ahead.
Thanks for your time this morning. I'll now turn it over to Gunnar.

Drew, as we look at the synergy, just simplistically, Discovery itself is at about 1.4 -- was at about $1.4 billion in free cash flow, and Scripps was at 8. And we look at the cost synergy that we have. We have $600 million now in hand that we believe we can fully execute on, and we still have a number of buckets that we're looking at, another 40 or 50 workstreams, which we'll get back to you on. But our target is we really think that we can -- there's no reason why we shouldn't better than double our free cash flow. One of the main reasons for this transaction was all the strategic elements that we'll talk about and how this grounds us as maybe the leading IP global media company in the world. But when we look at our $1.4 billion, together with our synergy, we think we can get to $3 billion. And so getting to $3 billion for us is a target, but we're going to be relentless about it. And we also think that there's some upside to that as we look at revenue opportunity moving our content around the world and seeing how this great portfolio works with the advertising market. So that's our target.

Well, just generically, as a big driver is the ratings of Food and HG. And one of the values of putting these companies together is not only the global scale that we have, but the portfolio that we have in the U.S. And we're never going to be in a position where all the business -- all the channels are growing at the same time. 1.5 years ago, TLC was down 25%. We said to you, we're going to focus on who the audience is, how we grow it. We said we thought we can continue to drive ID. We thought we can get Science going and Velocity. Discovery has been down. Food and HG are down. And one of our big priorities is focusing on those audiences. In the case of HG and Food, the actual household audience is quite strong. What we really need to do with those 2 channels is continue to refresh them and grow them, and we've got a great team. One of the reasons that we were so attracted was the quality of the leadership there, and we've been -- we're convinced in spending more time with Kathleen Finch and her team that we have a great team. But we are doing a lot of work on who the audience is, how we continue to nourish them. It's what we do for a living. But we also have been much more aggressive in getting our authenticated GO apps out. I mentioned that -- we're generating 25 million streams. It's primarily people under 30. That's something that wasn't being implemented at HG and Food. And so a piece of this is really trying to innovate those platforms by getting the content authenticated on all devices to as many people as possible as quickly as possible, and we think that'll generate some growth. But then really digging in, like we did at TLC, like we've done at ID, and like we did at Discovery and we need to do again to continue to grow. We look at the marketplace, and we think it's really a function of us. There's an opportunity for us despite what's going on in the marketplace to grow these channels, and we just have to do as good of a job as we can creating quality content.

And we are on a mission in terms of speed. We think having that free cash flow in hand and that flexibility is very important. We like our assets, but we want to get now to a point where we do have that flexibility of looking -- of investing more, of buying more stuff, of buying back more of our stock, just having the full flexibility to use that -- the, figuratively, the bullets that we have as a result of being a company that's generating so much free cash flow. And we do feel like pace is important because with things moving in the marketplace, we could uniquely acquire, invest or take advantage of what we see as an opportunity even within our own company.

Okay, thanks, Vijay. We don't comment on deals, but we think that if -- that we have very strong quality channels. We think Scripps does, too. And as some of these over-the-top bundles develop, we think we really are in the sweet spot. Based on every survey of what people want, whether it's Discovery's #1 or between ID, Food and HG, they tend to be either 1, 2 and 3 or in the top 3 of the top 5 channels that people want. And we're moving toward this point of instead of stuffing these bundles with what gets leveraged in through retrans and sports to thinking about what's going on everywhere else in the world, which is the way you build a product, what do people want? And we have a lot of the great content that people want, and we're investing in making it better. The other piece that's important as you look at -- as we look at where we are versus the marketplace is, you look at one side of the business, what Scripps did in movies and executing in a -- with exceptional storytelling, they've attracted some of the best producers and writers, but it's getting a lot more expensive. It's getting a lot more crowded. And when you look at what are the offerings, if you're a consumer, and you want to spend $10 or $15, what could you get aside from traditional cable? You get Netflix, movies and scripted. You get HBO, movies and scripted. Stars and Showtime, movies and scripted. Amazon Prime, movies and scripted. And so when we look at what we have, we see all of that as over there. I've said before, that's kind of the ball at my kid's soccer game, and everyone's running over there. But you look at the rest of the field, and you say, if you're here in the U.S. or you're anywhere in the world and you want to have, as [ Reid ] said years ago, Netflix doesn't have everything, but there's some -- if you go there, there's some good stuff that you're going to like, and it's going to nourish you. And if you just put together our entire portfolio, which we own globally, and you said that we were going to offer that platform alone. We could do it with others. We could do it with a few others. We could do it with one of the broadcasters. We could do it with a broadcaster in each market. But let's assume we did it just ourselves globally. What other company could offer a multitude of 18 brands, 10 of them that people know everywhere in the world, and offer it for less than any of those channels and have content, whether you're in Brazil, Mexico, Italy, Poland, the U.S., Canada, when you look at that content, and you say, there's loads of characters, stories and brands that I love. And so when we look at the marketplace, we say -- it was announced 2 weeks ago. There's 2 players with over 200 -- with over 100 million subscribers, Netflix and Amazon, and there's a hunt, including with Disney -- fantastic company -- they're going to try who's going to be the next one to get to 100. I believe the next one to get to 100 is not going to be another scripted and movie player because there's just too many of them. Oh, another one of those? What's the difference? Who has what scripted series? What we have is different. It's quality. And what mom around the world wouldn't say that they -- and it's safe -- that they would want what we have to offer. And so as we look at how we go direct-to-consumer, going global or going regional, doing something with one of the big FANG companies, doing something ourselves, all of that looks attractive to us because we think the marketplace is very crowded and that the understanding of what each of those means is melding together, and you're starting to see a lot of the same stuff, and we're different.

On the question on AT&T. I don't really want to comment on any specific company. AT&T is a great company. There are a lot of very strong multichannel-to-the-home companies, and they are listening to their customers every day. I do -- I can't predict whether the moment is now, but the moment is coming. It's -- consumers can't subsidize these massive sports rights anymore. It's not fair, and we're suffering from it. The idea that you have to pay so much money in order to get the bundle. It's something I've been saying for years. I think it's going to end. It will either be driven by 1 or 2 players moving quickly and then others following. Or it'll be driven by some of the entrepreneurial companies that are already popping up. But there's no question in my mind -- because it's an outlier. You look at all the countries in the world and the skinny bundles, and you see the ecosystem there, and most countries are healthier than we are because we don't have an offering for somebody that doesn't have a lot of money. We don't have an offering for someone that goes to college. Their only choice is to get Netflix. It's not sensible that we have all these broadband subscribers and that the only product that they're offering now is Netflix. Why aren't they offering products that they help develop or they invested in for all these years? And so I think sensibility will come to the marketplace. More importantly, consumers will -- are going to get what they deserve, which is an entry-level ability to have multichannel cable without subsidizing sports and paying a massive amount for -- to get an entry. On the point of what's happening in the marketplace, we love it because we've been hanging out outside the U.S. for the last 25 years. It's where I spend most of my time. In Europe, we're the largest pay-TV media company in the world. We have infrastructure, sales, content and marketing knowhow every country in the world, our brands are everywhere. This has been a conviction driver of John Malone and of Bob Miron from the Newhouse family before I even got here. It's the heritage of our company that we're taking these quality brands everywhere in the world. And so there've been times when it's been lonely. And there've been times as we've been investing in growing our free-to-air and our brands and building our infrastructure all around the world, where -- when we'd go into the sports in Europe, people said what are they doing that for. Now we're the leader in sports. We've got so much success with the Olympics. We invested in kids in Latin America where we're bigger than Disney in Brazil. And we've been doing that all with an eye towards the where's the ball going to be, and we think having this very big international business was quite clever, and owning all these IP everywhere in the world globally is clever. And so when we see people fighting over Sky, that looks to us like, hey, we've been there. We're in business with Sky. We compete with Sky. We're bigger than Sky on the content side in Italy. And it looks to us like the market is coming our way. And when great companies like Disney and Comcast are looking for scale, they're going to look around and they're going to find there's very few companies that have scale. Our goal is to stay as we are right now because we think we can generate huge free cash flow. We think that we're right about these affinity brands that we own that we can make the turn, that people are going to want to buy it, whether it's the big global companies, the regional companies. We saw it with T-Mobile. They're starting to offer Netflix. Well, when mobile companies around the world want to offer something special to decommoditize that platform, we've got a whole menu. Having said that, there's nothing different that we would be doing as we look to create broad shareholder value and execute on this free cash flow machine that would be different. If we -- whether it's a year from now or 4 years from now, if we're the leader in sport, if we're the leader in -- with an international infrastructure and free cash flow and EBITDA, and if we're the leader in kids, those are things that would be very attractive to us in terms of shareholder value, but it also would be on a parallel basis very attractive because I don't know that there's another company that has that basket.

There are some broad-reach comparisons, as with cable versus broadcast, that when you look at them, they just feel out of whack. With broadcast getting $45, $50 CPMs, and cable really in the $10 to $20 CPM, and then you took a look at our ability to deliver across our women's networks on any given night a 3 rating or, on a good night, a 4 rating or a 5 rating, the ability for us to -- the differentiation from the perspective of the advertiser was the ability to generate scale. Well, the -- and to be able to have reach that's compelling. We now have some very strong reach, and we have some ability to really give detail on demographics and people that maybe arguably are more engaged with our platforms than they are on a broader platform. And so we think that there's some opportunity to make the argument that we have a very -- that our audiences are even more valuable. It's an argument that we would have been making before, and it's an argument that we'll make now.

Thanks, Steve. It is a work in progress. We are IP long. We own all of our content on all platforms. And as much success as we had with the Olympics, and we had a lot of success, we really expected that most of the mobile players across Europe would -- we have the rights to the rings. So we could provide the rights for mobile players to affiliate with the rings year round. We could have provided a lot of exclusive content to different providers in the marketplace. It wasn't quite ripe yet. But the idea that we own the Olympics for the next 9 years, and we've had, from the date that we did the deal, 11 years to build around it is a -- for us, we think, a successful formula. And outside of the Olympics and Eurosport, we own all of our content globally. And we look at it really more in the long term. But this -- one of the big successes that we had with the Olympics was generating 0.5 million subscribers paying for the Olympics in less than 10 days and being able to build a platform that got top ratings and that generated 3,000 hours -- over 3,000 hours of streaming and the ability to navigate and curate within that platform to very good reviews and at the same time to provide content in over 20 languages in linear and on cable, so we certainly, more than any other company, know how to provide content in every language on multiple platforms. And what we learned about the Olympics is on a parallel track to what we've learned with the Eurosport Player, that people seem to be willing to pay and not churn out a lot on things that they're really passionate about. So for the people that love the Olympics, they really want it. It's one of the reasons why we've gone from the buffet, which we still offer, to this idea. Just like you buy a magazine for tennis or you buy a magazine for cycling, that we be give you much more dense, much more IP, short form, long form, within a specific area. And so we pass on a load of stuff, but we are on the hunt now with food, with home, with cars, and we're looking at what other opportunities are there globally to own IP for the long term that we can not only build a global platform but monetize it. And we'll be focused on what we pay for that IP to make sure that we can generate global IP, but global IP that if we can get the turn, either through a global player or a regional player, that we can generate real value. Food and HG and Travel are 3 that we think we can globally take advantage of. But we are looking at loads of opportunities, but we've passed on a lot of them because we're looking for the right ones.

Thanks, Michael. I don't know if you timed this in some kind of a special way, but I think this is the second year in a row that I have to wish you a happy birthday. On the Scripps side, one of the things that they did was -- their commercial load was very high and their promo load was extremely low. We were the opposite. We have now the ability to promote across all of our networks. So this idea that on any given night we're getting a 3 or a 4 or a 4.5 in women, for instance, we now have the ability to use the promo not only to promote a particular network, but if we have a great show, to be able to go across ID, OWN, TLC, HG, Food. And in fact, HG spent a lot of money buying local time on ID trying to get people to come over. And so we're going to try and understand promo in the traditional sense, our unique ability to do promo across our channels to move people around both to save dollars but also to maximize the movement of audiences. And then the importance of fully monetizing our platform. We've also developed a lot of analytics that are quite important. We're seeing, for instance, when we go on our GO platform and we can quantify what the viewership in terms of length of view and age, we can get a dramatic increase in CPM. With some of the analytics that we have in place now, we have an ability to get higher CPMs. And we look at what Viacom is doing, we're doing a similar thing. Maybe there's an opportunity. We're talking today maybe about doing something with them. And so the net-net is we're going to put it all together, and we'll all figure out how do we maximize growth of our channels, taking advantage of the unique ability we have that no one else has to reach across all of our platforms and let people know. We're even looking at this idea of not just promoting. But if somebody is watching on HGTV, and the next show coming up is a show that they don't want to watch, what would normally happen is they'd go to their other 5 or 6 favorite channels. But can we alert people that are watching HG, here's what's coming up on Food. Here's what's coming up on ID, TLC and OWN. We're doing on a pilot basis, but we think that reach could be successful for us, or unique at least, and we're trying to figure out how we use it. On the Olympics, I think the Olympics is a great model for us. We were on all platforms for over a decade. We could build expertise. If we got a 0.5 million subscribers in direct-to-consumer this past time, what worked with Snap? What worked with Facebook? What's the ceiling? Could we get 1 million next time? Could we get 2 million? How would we get it? What we do differently? And so the ability to iterate is very, very important. For us, I think it's unlikely that you'll see us competing in these 3-year cycles of football. To the extent that we do, it'll be because we get -- we have some unique opportunity, but look, the Bundesliga was difficult for us. And in that case, we paid almost no increase and it was difficult for us. And so it was a good experience, and it led us with better IP to get into this joint venture with ProSieben. But it also taught us a lesson in what we do and what we can do. And so I think it's unlikely, particularly when you're competing with platform companies that are trying to build asset value on the back of that IP and are willing to lose money on it. And so I think we're going to stick to our knitting, which is let others pay a lot for that kind of IP. And if we could own all the other sport at low single or reduced rates or high single, in some cases, if we think the IP is great for an extended period of time, and that's what we've been doing much, much longer renewals because we have something very unusual with Eurosport. We're the only Pan-European player. That's where we're going to go. And the Olympics just added to that patina. The IOC couldn't have been happier. And so is there an opportunity for more Olympics in the future? Maybe. Our relationship with Bach is extremely strong. And is there an opportunity to get more IP? Well, if anybody was thinking, who should I be in business with in Europe in sport, there's more and more leagues and IP owners that are saying they want to be in business with us.

Well, we were on a mission with Scripps -- before Scripps with ID. Because it's the #1 cable channel in America for women. Just to take a victory lap for Henry Schleiff and his team, the last fully distributed top 10 network in America was in the -- and it was History, and I was on the board of that, and FOX NEWS. And 7 years later or 8 years later, we launch ID, and then Henry and his team come onboard, and it's now the #1 cable network in America. It's loved. Its length of view is the same length of view or more than FOX NEWS. And so we have been on a mission for the last couple of years to say that we should be getting more value for that great audience and for the type of audience that we generate in daytime, in late night, in prime, and the numbers only keep growing. And so now as we have a bigger menu, and we're going into the marketplace, and we have a Jon Steinlauf running our operation, who had an ability to generate higher CPMs across the board at Scripps, got a better power ratio than we did, we hope that some of his know-how, his relationships and his unique approach will help ID as well as the rest of our channels.