Thanks, Nate, and thank you for joining us today. Starting on Slide 5. We had a strong start to the year, significantly exceeding our revenue expectations and achieving the high end of our EPS guidance. Revenue increased 9% organically to $3.5 billion and adjusted EPS increased 13% to $1.47 per share. All of our segments beat our organic growth expectations in the quarter. Banking grew 7%, exceeding our 6% expectation; Merchant grew 15% versus our low double-digit expectation; and Capital Markets grew 6%, with 8% growth in recurring revenue.  
New sales increased our backlog 8% organically to $22.5 billion. This consistent strength in backlog aligns with our midterm outlook for 7% to 9% organic growth, and our sales pipelines remain strong. I'd like to thank the team for their sharp focus on serving our clients and for their continued execution.  
Turning to Slide 6. The pace of change in our industry is very exciting. We've invested ahead of this change and throughout the pandemic to position FIS for success. We moved our technology infrastructure and application architecture to the cloud, and we continue to bring new or significantly upgraded solution suites to market.  
In Banking, our multiyear investment strategy has positioned us with the best-in-class capabilities across core and digital banking, issuer processing and wealth management. We further expanded the modern banking platform geographic reach this quarter by enabling public cloud deployments with Microsoft Azure. This will expand our reach into key markets like the U.K., Thailand and New Zealand.  
Our team has also successfully launched our new Banking-as-a-Service hub. This platform offers an all-in-one finance experience for our clients and enables them to rapidly create and deploy new embedded finance offerings for their customers.  
We recently formed a partnership with Circle to enable our merchants to receive settlement in USD coin and Crypto.com, will be our first pilot customer. In addition to our ability to quickly deploy advanced technologies, international reach is also a true differentiator for us. Our Merchant business added 7 new countries in 2021 and plans to add 15 more by the end of 2023. In keeping with the crypto theme, Capital Markets recently announced a new partnership with Fireblocks to enable our clients to store and issue digital assets as well as to gain access to decentralized finance.  
Across multiple verticals, industries and client types, we continue to develop mission-critical systems at global scale that empower our clients to innovate and grow. The power of FIS doesn't stop with our ability to deliver unique solutions. The true value unlock is leapfrogging from leading solutions for individual client types to offering expansive embedded finance experiences that can bring all of our capabilities to bear for every client. We have technology platform initiatives underway to simplify the consumption of our cloud-native capabilities, either as end-to-end solutions or as individual components. More and more, our clients are asking for access to solutions from all 3 of our operating segments to enable robust transformations across their enterprise. These initiatives will speed access for them and open up rich new revenue streams for us.  
We are also evolving our go-to-market strategy by aligning our sales organization to directly target these new opportunities. Despite market fears about disruption, at FIS, we think we are the disruptor. And we will help our clients win now and into the future.  
With that, I'll turn the call over to Stephanie to describe how this vision is translating to our operating segments and to review their first quarter performance.

Yes. The only thing I would add to that, George, I mean we did expand geographically by 7 countries. We've got another 11 countries on target through 2023. If that continue, it will also accelerate the growth. So we feel very good about the guide we've given on overall merchant, and the e-comm is going to be -- continue to be the fastest-growing segment within it.

Yes. Look, Darrin, we appreciate -- first, we appreciate the non-merchant question. That's great. Obviously, we couldn't be more bullish on the Banking business and how it's performed over the years. If you look, you've seen consistently strong execution in the sales pipeline. You've consistently seen strong building of the pipeline as well to replace the signings throughout the quarter, and we've seen strength over that, over the last 4-plus years. The backlog grew about 8% this year, which should give everybody confidence of the future opportunity in Banking and Capital Markets because predominantly, those are the 2 businesses that contribute -- contributed to that backlog number. 
We are seeing strength across all of our categories. Our issuer business has just done a really, really great job. Our leader there, who's running our issuer business, have done a phenomenal job. You continue to see it take share. Stephanie highlighted a really significant win on the issuer side, all around our PaymentsOne category, which we launched PaymentsOne on almost 3 years ago. It's the most advanced issuer platform in market.  
If you look also what's contributing to that growth, you're seeing a lot of acceleration in our Digital One offering, which is really the third generation of digital experience. It's a true omnichannel deployment that we're now rolling full in market. We've seen a lot of growth in that over the last 18 months.  
Of course, this all started with our Code Connect offering, which is the most open micro services, API layer in industry. So -- and then you culminate that with what we're seeing in modern banking platform. We've seen some really strong wins in NBP. We have now a number of those customers live in production and more coming in, and the pipeline is very full on that.  
And as we highlighted, we've now enabled that on Microsoft Azure, which allows us to push out of the U.S. more effectively. So all of that should give everybody confidence that Banking has truly been structurally transformed since it stays at growing in low single digits, and it will continue to perform very strong given the backlog signings and the future pipeline. So we feel great about the business.

Yes, Rayna, it's a great question. I'll start, and Stephanie can add to it if she would like. Look, Banking has always been a highly competitive marketplace for us. We've had a number of non-U.S. companies trying to break into the U.S. for years. Frankly, the sophistication about the regulatory requirements have always been a deep moat to entry. But also, Rayna, we absolutely participate really in the upmarket. 
So the larger the financial institution, the better. And then you just get differentiated, highly differentiated by scale. Our ability to square off against some of the largest banks in the country, right, with the complexity of solutions, it's more than just core banking. You have to bring robust issuer processing. You have to bring openness. You have to bring a robust professional services grouping. So we feel very good about our competitive position.  
Are we seeing it more competitive than we have in the past? The answer is no. It's always been competitive, and we've always done very well against that competition. When you think about pricing, all of our contracts are long term in nature. Most of them have consumer price index adjusters in them. So as you start seeing CPI increase in inflation, you'll see that translate through our pricing models around per account, per transaction. So we do get coverage there as well. But we're not seeing an increased price competitive front. It's always been -- as I said, it's always been competitive, and we're not seeing any more increase in competition we normally do.  
We will say, the demand continues to go up. I've talked a lot about this on multiple calls. We're really at an inflection point where a lot of financial institutions have really held on too long with their legacy technology. And so people are now pressed up against a time line where they're going to have to start making some decisions. They're going to have to embrace cloud computing. They're going to have to embrace omnichannel. They're going to have to embrace openness. And that really plays in to the significant investment we've made over the last 5 years that Woody highlighted in his prepared remarks. So all of that compounds, we really feel good about our position in the Banking business.

I mean look, Jason, if you play in the enterprise space, you're going to have -- your biggest quarter is going to be Q4 because of holiday season. So I mean, you're just naturally going to see a drop in transactions and volumes going into Q1. To Woody's point, this is nothing more than normal mix that you would see in any Q4 to Q1.

That's right.

That's right.

Thanks.

Yes, Lisa, let me start. The competitors differ depending on size of institution. So as you're dealing with large regionals or large national financial institutions, we're competing much more with in-house developed typically with a very old legacy core system at the center of their in-house development exercise. And that's the predominant competition. We would see -- you would see people going through an analysis. Do we try to build it again like we did 40 or 50 years ago? Or do we partner with a company like FIS? You'll see certain startups in there, but frankly, the start-ups don't have near the scale or the technology to be able to deliver for all the answers I gave you and Darrin. 
As you move down market and as you move into small regionals, large community banks, community banks, call it that $5 billion and greater, you would see classic competitors of Fiserv and Jack Henry in that space competing there as well. Once again, as you start looking, our market share grows as you get larger and larger end market. So as people combine together, you're still seeing M&A activity a lot in the banking space as they continue to grow through M&A and through just their organic growth efforts and they get larger, we become the more natural landing spot. 
Once again, back to the sophistication of the solution, the breadth of the capabilities, our ability to allow them to have flexibility to run their business, whereas when you're in smaller community banks, you have a much more one-size-fits-all approach. As we move down in community bank markets, we also have capabilities there. And once again, small -- in traditional community banking, we do very well. But that's when you really do just start seeing the traditional competitors. 
As far as your global question, your non-U.S. question, we think it's a great one. We have traditionally -- we've been outside of the U.S. in our Banking business for a number of years, but it has not been a strategic focus given the level of activity we've seen in the U.S. markets. We've really pivoted that whole Banking business and accelerated its growth rate just off U.S. focus. 
We do think our new technologies, whether it's the modern banking platform, whether it's PaymentsOne, whether it's Digital One, and Code Connect do allow us to expand on that. We highlighted this quarter, we just certified our MVP platform on the Microsoft Cloud. That's going to help us move into a couple of other countries. And I do think it will be -- we do think it will be a contributor to our -- further accelerate the growth for the Banking business going forward.

Yes. Look, I think we see a real good opportunity in our Merchant segment. We are really good about -- we feel great about our e-commerce, our enterprise segment. We feel good about the Payrix acquisition and helping us in the SMB market with card-not-present. Clearly, you're seeing mix issues as we come out of the pandemic, but we continue to take share in the enterprise and eCommerce. The Nilson Ratings substantiate that. So we feel very bullish on the overall Merchant business and feel very comfortable with our guide on that, not only this year but going into the next several years. So I think we're very well-positioned.

Yes. Look, I mean, Ashwin, our view on this hasn't changed. I mean given the current valuations of our stock, given the current dislocation of where we think the share price of trade, that the best use of cash on a derisked return is buying back our own shares. With that being said, we have traditionally done M&A as a company. And so it's been a key component of our strategy. And obviously, we want to make sure that we continue to watch what's going on in the market. But right now, we feel very good about our competitive position. 
We feel we're strong across all 3 of our segments are executing very well. As I said, Nilson should substantiate this share loss narrative in Merchant. You see what we're doing in the Banking business. And let's not forget about our Capital Markets business from that performance, which shows the strength of the overall capability and the strength of our go-to-market and the strength of our execution. So right now, the best use is certainly deploying that capital through share repurchase. 
As we get a recovery in our stock price, we would certainly look to, at some point in time, open up our lens again and start thinking about M&A and what are new markets we could possibly break into, what are new capabilities that we can put through our distribution channel to further accelerate growth from here. But at this point in time, we're very comfortable with share repurchase and obviously, returning cash to our shareholders through our dividend, which we increased 21% as well. And as Woody said in his prepared remarks, we're prepared to do that again at the early next year as well. So hopefully, that gives you context.

Let me start, and let's let Woody get to the specific percentage of total revenues at SaaS. I mean, I'll remind you on Capital Markets, this was a very detailed transformation that we drove through in our Capital Markets business. It started at the acquisition of SunGard, moving it from a product company to a solution company and then deploying those solutions through a SaaS-based model. 
When we bought the company, it was in the low-60% recurring revenue. And most of that recurring revenue was in the form of either a processing fee or in the form of a highly recurring maintenance fee. So we wanted to transition that business and really start deploying Capital Markets once we built all the solutions and modernize them and put them together through a more SaaS deployment. The team has done an excellent job of that. We've continued to accelerate our SaaS-based recurring sales model. It was up 8% this quarter alone. 
You've seen that very consistent, Ashwin. We've been holding our license fees flat. So what we've been trying to do is we run a little over 300 million license fees a year. We don't want to dig the whole while we're growing through the transformation. This is the exact playbook that we executed in the Banking business decades ago. So the customers are very willing to take advantage of our processing environment, our SaaS deployment and our modernized solution. 
And the reason why is because, as Stephanie commented when we were at the user conference, what you're seeing large financial institutions are realizing, processing is no longer a differentiator. Total cost of ownership, speed to market, resiliency capabilities is where they're going to differentiate. And the Capital Markets business is very well-positioned to take advantage of that. So over the last couple of years, we managed to grow that, Woody, from 60s to...

Yes. I'll remind our investors, this is a business that, at some point in time, we will start discontinuing license fees. So right now, we're renewing these term license with existing customers. We're taking on very few new logos through the licensing channel. All of our new logos are coming in through our SaaS-based model, which shows the strength of that product and how many actually new customers we're also bringing into the mix. But there will be a point where we'll start discontinuing the license model, and then that will accelerate it, to Woody's point, of where it will be upper 80s, perhaps even low 90s. And you'll have a very, very small percentage of license business going forward.

So Dan, just kind of to build on that. If you think about our enterprise business, to move 200 basis points, you've got to take a lot of transaction volume to do that. And that's where our enterprise play comes in. We've highlighted over throughout the pandemic, strengthen our sales engine in enterprise, right, and in eCom. And so you're just really seeing not only the large enterprise share gainers, right, that Stephanie referenced, but also our success in coming out of the pandemic, reinvigorating our sales engine in enterprise as well. So all of those things are playing a contribution to the 200 basis points. 
The question around debit and credit in our enterprise play specifically really doesn't have a play.

For us, it really don't matter. For us, we're there to capture transactions. And whether it's presented as a credit or a debit transaction, really, our fee structures are very resilient in that. So you've got great stickiness in the enterprise because of scale. We have very, very low turnover. So clearly, what you've seen is just us taking share through the sales engine. Our large existing enterprise customers taking share through their scale and then the resiliency of the revenue stream credit and debit really, we're virtually immune to their [indiscernible]. It's really more transaction-based than volume-based [indiscernible].

That's right.

Well, look, James, I mean, we've been in business for a very long time, right? So as you think about it, a lot of technologies in financial services are based on historical legacy platforms. We took -- we pivoted the company back in 2015 to really start focusing on the next-generation capabilities that we're going to need to be -- that you're going to need to compete for the next 20, 25 years. And so as you start looking at, whether it was in the Merchant platform where we invested heavily in the new acquiring platform, and access Worldpay, we've got that fully online now. 
Whether you look in the banking sector and you look at what we've done around modern banking platform, which is the most leading technology for cloud-native core banking system in market, you've seen that with our wins. But look at what we did on PaymentsOne, which is a cloud native issuer platform for both debit, credit, prepaid. You then move into our Digital One, our omnichannel experience that wraps around those capabilities. Once again, coming fully online in market and then our Code Connect platform for our micro services layer. 
You then move into what we did in Capital Markets, where we really leaned in our solutioning about bringing our capabilities and launching that in the cloud to leverage both buy-side and sell-side-type Capital Markets capabilities on SaaS deployment. That all boils down to we're wrapping up those programs. 
And so we increased our capital starting back in 2015. We were running at about 5%. And we ramped that up to, I think, as high as 11% of total revenues. And as those platforms have now come to conclusion, you would expect those investments to come down. 
Now Woody and -- we've all talked about, we'll maintain that around 6% to 7%. We think there's an opportunity to continue to lean in and add functionality and continue to grow and expand our revenue growth and our share. But all programs come to a natural conclusion. And we're just on the back side of the modernization of our solution stack. 
Now we do have a historical back book that, at some point in time, we'll start migrating. Stephanie highlighted some of the stuff we're already doing in Banking. We've migrated more than 1,500 of our clients to PaymentsOne as an example. But more to come on that as we upsell and migrate our existing customers to those capabilities. But we feel very good about our competitive position. You see all of our segments growing and taking share by various metrics. And so at this point in time, we're just -- we're wrapping up a lot of these platform transformations.

Yes. No, exactly. Exactly. We feel great about it.
Well, look, I want to thank you for joining us this morning, and thank you to our dedicated colleagues for another strong quarter. Before we conclude, I wanted to give a special thanks to our team for hosting a very successful annual client event. We had over 4,000 participants. This live event was a remarkable showcase of our solution suites to industry leaders. We are grateful to be interacting in person where our client-centric culture truly shines. Feedback from the event has been exceptional as clients and prospects learned how our innovative capabilities can solve their most pressing business needs. 
We remain committed to providing world-class technology solutions to our clients so that we can stay ahead of the curve. This commitment will lay the foundation for our growth in 2022 and beyond. 
If you had any further questions that were not addressed on this call, please reach out to our Investor Relations team. Thank you, and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day. Goodbye.