Thank you, Nate. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I'm extremely proud of our third quarter results, which returned to positive organic growth for the quarter, an impressive results for our team, given the backdrop of a global pandemic. 
We continue to sell new business, grow the top line, expand margins and generate exceptional free cash flow. Our strong performance demonstrates the durability of our unique business model and underscores our commitment to lifting our clients and communities. While others have been forced to retrench and preserve capital, we continue to invest for growth, bringing new solutions and services to our clients now.  
This quarter alone, we launched several new solutions, including Access Worldpay, which is now the world's most advanced payments gateway; ClearEdge, a new subscription-based offering that enables community banks to run a highly efficient, modern bank while also benefiting from simplified pricing and contracting; Ethos is our innovative, new data ecosystem that provides clients with a unified view across our enterprise, powering data-driven insights and automating reporting. In addition, we partnered with The Clearing House to launch our new real-time payments managed service, which provides a complete turnkey service for financial institutions to quickly and cost-effectively connect to the United States' real-time payments network.  
Even with all these new solutions, we continue to look beyond our own current capabilities to see what's next on the horizon for our clients. I'm pleased to announce that we recently completed our fifth annual Fintech Accelerator program, which was just named Best Fintech Accelerator by Finovate, and we launched our new FIS Impact Labs, both of which are focused on accelerating transformative innovation into the market. Now more than ever, our clients are embracing innovative technologies like these and our scalable end-to-end solutions are increasingly in demand.  
We saw evidence of this demand from our recent InFocus client event, which was heavily attended and expanded its reach virtually this year to nearly 40 countries and which drove a 25%-plus increase in demand for FIS solutions. Our strong new sales performance has increased our backlog by 6% organically during the third quarter. And our pipeline is exceptionally strong, up more than 30% year-over-year as we continue to grow and win new business.  
We are also adding our new sales opportunities for revenue synergies. As of the end of the third quarter, we are generating $150 million in annual run rate revenue synergies and we have $60 million more currently being implemented with our clients. This puts us in great shape to exceed our $200 million revenue synergy target before the end of the year. We clearly have the momentum to continue accelerating revenue growth through 2021 and to sustain high single-digit top line growth into the future.  
Our ability to leverage our world-class scale is driving ongoing margin expansion. Adjusted EBITDA margins expanded 340 basis points sequentially and 30 basis points year-over-year during the third quarter as we continue to harness the operating leverage inherent in our business. We remain focused on further enhancing our superior cost structure by driving automation, streamlining our organizational structure and generating expense synergies through our proven integration capabilities. 
Our unique combination of durable revenue growth and persistent operating leverage enables us to generate exceptionally high levels of free cash flow. We will use our free cash flow to invest back into our business, both organically to delivering innovative solutions like the ones that I mentioned a few moments ago, as well as inorganically to expand into new high-growth segments of the market. This, in turn, will reinforce the momentum that we're building to drive continued growth acceleration.  
Turning to Slide 6. People often ask me what's next for FIS and how their investments allow us to compete with disruptors. In order to answer that question, it's important to understand not only where we've been, but where we are going, what's new and what's next for FIS and most importantly, for our clients. It begins with the pathway to transformation that we started 5 years ago. We consolidated data centers and moved solutions to the cloud. We rearchitected our application stack to be modular and componentized while upgrading and integrating our enterprise tool sets. And we launched a dramatically more client-friendly approach to delivery and service.  
Now we are leveraging our technology and expertise to leapfrog over inflexible point solutions using cloud-native open architecture to deliver digital omni-channel solutions that are simple to integrate and easy to navigate. In this way, we are helping our clients to quickly adapt to rapidly changing consumer expectations with innovative solutions that are fast, flexible and frictionless.  
What you can expect to see next from our centers around our unique ability to tailor end-to-end experiences by connecting the global financial ecosystem in ways that only FIS can do. We serve each of our clients as a trusted partner by building new and unique capabilities to better solve their challenges. We then scale these new capabilities across our cloud-based environment for the benefit of all of our clients in a highly efficient and cost-effective manner. 
This is the advantage of our unique business model. And we're just getting started. By investing approximately $1 billion annually in new product development and R&D, we are bringing tomorrow's innovation forward now. And by using our one-to-many model, we can continue to grow faster than the market, support our clients' needs and sustain their technology leadership.  
I'll give you a few examples of how we are bringing together capabilities from across the business to create new and exciting growth opportunities on Slide 7. Case New Holland is a global leader in agriculture and industrial equipment. They have been a valued client with our capital markets business for the past 3 years, leveraging our auto and equipment finance solutions to deliver a robust and automated digital experience for its customers. They recently asked us to help them to drive data and insights as well as improved acceptance across their network of more than 900 dealerships. Now we're bringing capital markets together with merchant by partnering to drive frictionless payments.  
Another great example is our Premium Payback solution, which enables consumers to pay for purchases with reward points. Demand is very strong from both our banking and merchant clients as there is a compelling value proposition for each of them as well as for the consumer. Thousands of financial institutions, representing more than 7,000 card loyalty programs, are enrolled in the FIS Premium Payback ecosystem. In this quarter, we added one of the largest issuers in the world to our points bank, further driving adoption. 
In addition, we announced this quarter that Walgreens is now one of the growing number of merchants to offer its customers our Premium Payback service, joining companies like PayPal, Shell and BP. The ability to use loyalty points is becoming an increasingly important factor in consumer decisions on where to shop. Highlighting the type of next-generation value that we are offering to our clients now.  
Another area where we are driving phenomenal value is with our merchant bank referral network. When we signed the Worldpay deal, we thought that we would be able to sign 3 to 4 new bank referral agreements per year. As it turns out, we have signed more than 15 significant new bank relationships, adding well over 1,000 branches to our partner distribution network in the first year.  
Lastly, it's gratifying to see one of the key benefits of the deal come to fruition as we expand our global reach. We're leveraging our combined scale to enable our merchant business to enter new countries and markets. Our e-com business remains a global leader and continues to be a partner of choice for multinational companies and leading global brands. We're expanding into 6 new countries this year, including Argentina, which we announced most recently.  
With our new domestic acquiring licenses, Worldpay from FIS can deliver advanced payment technology to both merchants and global companies operating in these countries around the world. I'm also happy to announce that we have successfully expanded our integrated payments business into Europe. We signed more than 30 partners there already and are finalizing agreements with several more. Winning these new partners gives us access to distribution that will drive accelerated growth through 2021 and beyond. With recent investments in the U.S. as well, new wins are up significantly within our integrated payments despite the pandemic.  
Before I turn the call over to Woody to discuss the financials, I do want to highlight a couple of marquee wins that we had this quarter on Slide 8. In banking, we added another top 30 financial services firm to our growing roster of large client wins. They will use our Modern Banking Platform to power their online bank and chose FIS because of our cutting-edge technology and omni-channel capabilities. We are also seeing strong success with our digital and mobile banking solutions. This quarter, we signed an agreement with a top 50 bank, who chose us because our Digital One and mobile banking solutions will enable them to rapidly innovate, further differentiate their consumer user experience and increase their speed to market for new products.  
In merchant, we signed a top 100 luxury retailer, who chose to partner with us because of our end-to-end capabilities, including our debit routing, e-commerce and differentiated omni-channel technology. Sticking with the omni-channel theme for a moment, I'm very pleased to announce that Walmart, the world's largest retailer, recently began processing e-commerce transactions with us, further expanding our existing relationship. It's a testament to our superior client value proposition and omni-channel capabilities that we continue to win share of wallet with our largest global clients. In integrated payments, we signed 2 of the world's leading dealer management system software providers, 1 in the U.S. and 1 in the U.K. Between the 2, it will provide us with distribution to thousands of dealerships through these leading ISVs.  
Turning to capital markets. Demand for our end-to-end, SaaS-based solution remains robust. I'm excited to announce that we signed a deal with a leading global technology company to power their complex multinational treasury function as well as to modernize their B2B payment operations. The company selected FIS because of our cloud-based technology, flexible deployment and simple integration. We also signed a significant new deal with a large Japanese bank to provide a middle- and back-office post-trade derivative clearing solutions. The bank chose us in order to leverage our new API-driven technology stack to drive efficiencies and reduce operational risk.  
I'll conclude my prepared remarks back where I started. We clearly have the momentum to continue accelerating revenue growth through 2021 and to sustain high single-digit top line growth into the future based on our new solutions, our unique ability to combine our knowledge and expertise from across our business and new ways to solve our clients' challenges and due to our continued sales success with marquee clients.  
I'll now turn the call over to Woody to discuss the financials. Woody?

Yes. No, we appreciate the compliment. I think the team did execute well. We continue to build the backlog out. As you're seeing, the implementations have been going very well on the Modern Banking Platform, installs as well as across a number of our other new products that we've launched. You'll start seeing some of our modern banking wins start to come online towards the very end of this year through some friends and family rollout but primarily will ramp up throughout next year. 
As we've talked about on prior calls, Tien-Tsin, I mean, these are these are really big contracts measured in tens and in several instances, well over $100 million. And so as they start launching up, you'll see that growth accelerate through 2021 and contribute to that.  
From a margin perspective, you're right, there are some start-up costs. But you'll also see well ahead of where we thought we would be on cost, so very comfortable as we look towards margins into next year and continue to expand those. And that's really just, given the durability of our business model, we're able to offset some of those start-up costs through other margin acceleration in other areas. So we're very comfortable where we are there.

Yes. I would actually put a little spin on what you just said. I would say depth and breadth are required in this industry is what we're seeing. We're starting to -- you need the depth in order to drive the scale to be able to be at a total cost of ownership to drive value to the end customer. You need the breadth because frankly, especially what we're seeing in some of these large signings that we've had over the last 9 months, is people are looking to leverage more of their buying power with a single solution provider, frankly eliminate the need for custom code and carrying cost and uniqueness. 
And even with the openness of like Code Connect and our open API framework, our ability to leverage that and drive value into the customer is differentiated compared to the customer then having to manage now on a new third party, et cetera. So I think breadth and depth are important. And we're continuing to see that expand in the sales cycle.

Thank, Brett.

Yes. No, look, I think that's very important for us. We talked a lot about it. We're really excited about getting that end market. We've actually been testing it with a series of our new customers. What it gets us is really speed of implementation. Our ability now to bring people into and gain access to all of our various payment types and all of our various currencies that we transact business on a global nature is really second to none. And so if you look, it's a ground-up build that really is a next-generation innovation that gives our new customers, these large global merchants an opportunity to bring in their developers into a DevOps environment to quickly and expeditiously test in real-time and onboard. 
So you see speed of onboarding, you see flexibility and gain of access to all of our back-end systems all through a very simple, easily utilized deployment mechanism. So we're excited about this. This will clearly be the single gateway for us for the future going forward. And obviously, over time, we'll move our other remaining gateways to this over the next 12 to 18 months, so real excited about this development coming online.

Yes. No, I think it's a great comment, Dave. I mean, obviously, you've got to go back to almost 5 years ago, when we really put the company through just a huge pivot towards next-generation technology and transformation. We invested heavily in cloud-based computing. We then brought on our application stack and start investing heavily there to take advantage of the cloud. And so now if you look, what's different is we're really at a really differentiated level at this point in time. We've lowered our availability times now to, in some instances, 10 minutes or less, where a lot of the industry is still at 24 hours. We've brought on new capabilities. The speed at which we're able to drive new capabilities in market have accelerated dramatically. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we're really just getting started. 
And all of that is really translating into our sales engagement. So kind of to the comment Tien-Tsin made about breadth, what we're really starting to see is people are looking not for just what's the next-generation status on our FIS Modern Banking Platform, but that's just one of many solutions we're bringing to market. But what we're seeing in banking is people are looking for that. They're looking for an open API layer. They're looking for a differentiated digital experience. They're looking for back-office services to augment some of theirs. They're looking for advanced automation around data and decisioning. And all of that is now coming together in solutions. 
So we're pretty pleased with what we're seeing in the sales channel at this point and really seeing the results accelerate through the growth curve in banking. And as you said, if it wasn't for the license grow-overs, which you guys look at the license fees every quarter, that's consistently declined every quarter this year. And so it really just shows the power of the company through driving long-term, scalable, reoccurring revenue to offset that as we transition through that. So yes, banking had a great quarter.

Yes. No, look, I think Access Worldpay, and honestly, just our current position in global e-com puts us at a very competitive advantage to compete and continue to win share. We highlighted a new win of bringing on some Walmart volume in e-com. So as you look, we're really differentiated in that space, continue to be the leader in global e-commerce. And we continue to feel very bullish on where we are going with our sales wins.

Well, look, I mean, as I described earlier, I mean, every contract is a little different. But what we are seeing is a broad breadth of additional services being wrapped around these modern banking wins. So in all -- in some instances, those customers were already doing issuer payments on the debit side, for example, with those customers. In some instances, we've expanded payments into those spaces. In other instances, we've had to leverage Code Connect in order for them to gain access into their existing payments provider. So it's really been a combination of all of the above, David, as we've worked through that. 
It's a real interesting dynamic as we see these customers. We talked about several quarters ago, would we see a top 30 institution really go through a core transformation? Well, now we've answered that question resoundly, which is yes. We've had several. But what's really interesting is more and more now are expanding more of what they're taking from us, which starts to making them look much more like a regional or even a community bank in how they're thinking about their next-generation total cost of ownership to deploy retail banking. So it's a long-winded answer to a little bit of all of the above.

Yes. I think it's a great question, George. I mean what we're -- what we've consistently seen, obviously, we've actually seen a slowdown during the pandemic with M&A activity across our various clients. But I'll just go back to historically and remind you, especially in the banking business, we tend to be in the larger side of the market, right? So the largest regionals, super regionals, national and global institutions. And because of that, our customers tend to be the acquirers. And over the last several years, what we've really seen, even when they're not, most of the time when our customers being acquired, given our scale in the large side of the market, we've been very fortunate in not only being able to retain the business but actually grow the business through moving the acquirer onto our platforms. 
And so we think that trend is going to continue. We do see continued -- the strength in the sales channel frankly is based on some comments I've made in prior calls. I think a number of the larger global institutions and a number of the larger institutions frankly have just held on too long to make technology investments, especially around core banking, especially around modernization, digital enablement, openness, et cetera. And I think you're seeing that now translate just into a really strong not only pipeline, sales success and obviously increasing backlog. 
I want to thank you for your questions, for your participation in today's call. We'll conclude with Slide 15. While we are excited about the momentum that's building within our business and the growth prospects for FIS, I do want to reinforce our continued commitment to helping our colleagues, clients and communities thrive by advancing the way the world pays, banks and invests. We continue to invest in innovation to drive top and bottom line benefits for FIS and our clients, but we haven't achieved success through investments alone. 
Our colleagues remain key stakeholders in our business, and we are becoming the fintech employer of choice by maintaining an inclusive and diverse environment while fostering a culture of innovation and growth. I sincerely want to thank each of you for your continued efforts. We would not be where we are without you. For our clients, we will continue to deliver tailored end-to-end experiences by leveraging differentiated technology and unique expertise. Together, we will exceed consumers' rising expectations with solutions that are fast, flexible and frictionless. And lastly, for our communities, we will continue to get back, not only during these challenging times but always in order to have a positive impact on the places where we live and work. Together, we will continue to win as one team and deliver on our commitments. 
In closing, I'd like to thank you for your investment in FIS. We appreciate your support. Thank you, stay safe, and goodbye.