Thanks, Nate, and thank you for joining us this morning. 
Starting on Slide 5. By all metrics, our colleagues delivered a historic operating performance for FIS in 2021. Our strategy continues to resonate with our clients and prospects, and our team continues to execute at an exceptionally high level.  
For the full year, revenue increased 11% to nearly $14 billion. Margin expanded by over 200 basis points to 44%, and adjusted EPS increased 20% to $6.55 per share. Growth for the year was driven by strong performance across our operating segments, with Banking at 8%, Capital Markets at 8%, and Merchant at 19%. 
In the quarter, Merchant came in softer than we expected due to the Omicron variant. As you will see in our deep dive on Merchant later in the deck, without this impact in late November and December, our Merchant growth would have been even higher.  
For the year, we generated record free cash flow of $3.6 billion.  
We returned $3 billion to shareholders, increased our dividend and acquired Payrix, which will accelerate Merchant's eCommerce offering for platforms that primarily serve SMBs. We also successfully completed the Worldpay integration nearly a year ahead of schedule, beating our initial revenue synergy target by 50% and more than doubling our initial expense synergy target. 
We had a very strong sales quarter, even with the Omicron variant, due to the strong demand for our differentiated solutions. New sales increased our backlog to a record $23 billion, an increase of 8% organically. By any account, this was a record year for FIS and the strongest operating performance in our 53-year history.  
Turning to Slide 6. Given our sales success, we wanted to highlight several landmark wins across our company with clients and prospects who look to FIS as their trusted technology partner to help them to expand or transform their business. 
In Banking, this includes a top 15 global financial institution who wanted to accelerate their growth and expansion in the U.S. by executing a digital strategy. This innovative client selected FIS and the Modern Banking Platform to modernize their infrastructure using our cloud-native processing platform. They will also use our cloud-native Digital One platform to enable their strategy, which was a key selling point in their decision-making process.  
Additionally, Amerant Bank signed a significant deal to outsource most of their solutions to FIS, which allows them to transform their business from a multi-vendor solution to a single innovation partner. This will drive a significant savings for Amerant while bringing their solutions to the most current technologies, which is a great example of the power of the FIS portfolio. These wins are indicative of how the differentiated capabilities in our Banking segment drove the more than 30% increase in new sales for the year.  
Turning to our Merchant segment. Geographic expansion was a core tenet to our strategic rationale of the buy of Worldpay. Throughout 2021, we entered 7 new countries, which continued to push accelerated growth in our merchant offerings, especially eCommerce. One of those markets was Argentina. And as a direct result, we signed the country's largest airline this quarter. They chose FIS because they are looking for a trusted partner with a sophisticated vertical expertise and global processing platform that will help them grow their business.  
Another key rationale for the Worldpay acquisition is our ability to utilize our combined solutions and data to increase authorization rates. We now integrated our merchant and issuer processing solutions to create AuthMax Preferred. This innovative new solution dramatically increases authorization rates for transactions, where we are both the merchant acquirer and issuer processor based on our insight into both sides of the transaction. With this significant innovation, we can improve authorization of historically declined transactions as much as 40% for trusted cardholders of Worldpay's participating merchants. This generates significant revenue uplift for our clients.  
Based on this advancement, Netflix expanded our long-standing relationship this quarter to quickly take advantage of this new capability. Given our strong pipeline, we are looking forward to building on a record new sales increase in Merchant to more than 40% for the year.  
In Capital Markets, we signed our largest deal in the history of this business with Franklin Templeton. Like our T. Rowe Price announcement a few quarters ago in the wealth vertical, this anchor client establishes us as a leading global player with a differentiated international transfer agency solution that will provide a new leg of growth for capital markets.  
Additionally, the recent investments we've made in our Cleared Derivatives platform are driving significant new wins, including SocGen this quarter, which will transition their middle and back office through our innovative solution. 
We could not be more pleased with the structural transformation that has occurred within our Capital Markets business. This team has done an outstanding job of combining our industry-leading products and to advance end-to-end solutions that are clearly resonating through our sales channel. Like our other segments, Capital Markets had a record year in sales and organic growth with new sales increasing more than 40% for the year.  
On Slide 7, I'd like to revisit a topic that we discussed last quarter, which is the opportunity that we are seeing in the market to bring solutions together from across our segments. 
Buyer preferences continue to move in our favor, with clients consuming more of our solutions across their enterprise to create unique client experiences. Last quarter, we brought forward the example of Amazon, first utilizing our NYCE debit network capabilities from Banking before consuming our omnichannel merchant-acquiring capabilities and adding our treasury and cash management solution from Capital Markets. 
Given our success in revenue synergies with the Worldpay integration, we continue to evolve our go-to-market strategies through better organizational alignment, which allows us to take advantage of a broader addressable market for our unique solution set. These changes are driving real results as we grow our list of clients that are working across our business segments in unique and differentiating ways. 
As we continue to build capabilities, programmatically addressing this opportunity to create innovative new experiences truly unlocks the power of FIS. We will continue to bring this forward in the coming quarters as we think this alone could accelerate our growth rates from current levels.  
As we close out 2021, I'd like to take a moment to recognize some of the awards FIS earned and to lay out priorities for 2022 on Slide 8. This year, we saw a tremendous recognition for our leadership in fintech as a global company. To name a few, Fast Company Magazine named FIS in their Best Workplaces for Innovators List, which recognizes companies that empower their employees to improve processes, create new products and invent new ways of doing business. 
In Merchant, our Access Worldpay earned honors for Highest Authorization Rate by the Strawhecker Group. In Banking, our Unity Wealth Management Platform was named Best Technology for Family Offices in the PAM Awards. And in Capital Markets, our Cleared Derivatives Suite was named Post-Trade System of the Year, Global Investor Group. 
We were also recognized by Fortune as [ the ] Most Admired Company, and we were named a Best Place to Work for the LGBTQ+ community for the fourth consecutive year. Lastly, we were recognized for the Best ESG Reporting by IR Magazine.  
Turning our focus to 2022. At FIS, we have consistently invested for growth, executed at scale and delivered innovation at the highest level. We will continue to focus on unlocking the power of FIS in an organized and systematic way. This will be centered around delivering compelling new solutions for our clients and taking advantage of our significant head-start in the cloud to innovate at speed. We will also continue to componentize our technology stack to make all our industry-leading solutions available to every client, regardless of the segment where they reside today.  
This will enable us to expand into attractive new verticals like crypto to capture fast-growing and emerging new markets. We have built FIS into an industry leader over the past 50 years. And in 2022, we will again demonstrate how FIS will further its lead over the next 50 years. This business will continue to grow and generate exceptional profitability and free cash flow, which we'll use to maximize shareholder returns and drive continued strong organic growth rates.  
Finally, I'd like to address a couple of executive announcements that we made this quarter. First, Bruce Lowthers decided to leave FIS to pursue a role outside the company. Over the past 15 years, Bruce has been a champion of our transformation, and the result of his focus and contributions has been significant acceleration in growth at FIS. Thank you for your service to FIS, Bruce. We wish you all the best with your next role.  
Second, I'm pleased to announce that I've promoted Stephanie Ferris to be President of FIS. Stephanie returned to the company in September of last year as Chief Administration Officer, after originally joining FIS from the acquisition of Worldpay in 2019. She is a seasoned global executive with over 25 years of experience leading payments and technology platform businesses. She also has impressive experience driving digital transformation, frontline customer engagement and inclusive growth. This is a tremendous achievement, and we are excited to have Stephanie step into this new role. Congratulations, Stephanie. She joins us today and will continue to participate on future earnings calls.  
Stephanie, welcome. I'll turn the call to you.

Yes. No, Rayna, thanks. Yes, it's a great question. Honestly, we don't -- we're not seeing a lot of change from a demand standpoint. It's been very strong, and it continues to accelerate that strength into 2022. We're coming off a record year in Banking sales. That was off a record year in 2020 as well in 2019. So we've seen consistent acceleration of our signings. 
What we're seeing in that industry is a massive transformation and the needs to occur off legacy technologies. And we are well ahead of this trend. As you know, we started our cloud migration over 5 years ago. We started our cloud-native development applications in market 3 years ago and then brought modern banking with the last one that we brought forward. 
So seen a really strong pipeline around all of those topics as financial institutions around the world are going to need to transform to go to more componentized, highly nimble architectures, open systems to allow them to drive and innovate against some of the other disruptors that are entering in the space. 
As you think about interest rates, and obviously, there's been a lot of touting of interest rate expansion, this is a good news for our financial institutions. So it will actually embolden them to continue to accelerate that spend and that demand on those fronts. But we think we're extremely well positioned going in 2022. We're coming off a great year in Banking, and that's going to continue throughout next year.

Why don't I start, and then we'll let Stephanie add. 
I mean as we're guiding to -- for the Merchant business, we really see the Merchant business growing in low double digits this coming year. If you look at historically based on where the Merchant business group prior to COVID, this is certainly a substantial acceleration given our exposure into eCommerce at the enterprise level. We counted eCom growing at greater than 30%, minus travel and airlines. So we've got a really strong business. 
This actually, in 2022 in the short term, is going to be very little tailwind for us. But we do think it's very strategic to move into this new market that we've talked about on prior calls that we are not traditionally in. So that's why we think this acquisition is going to be very important for our future expansion in this end market. But I'll let Stephanie add to that.

Yes, Darrin, it's a great question. The quick answer is absolutely. I mean we think these are, in the near term, easily 7% to 9% growers as we get beyond a couple of these headwinds in Banking. 
From an asset pool, I think we're best in class at this point in time. Woody just highlighted it. Our free cash flow is increasing because our large program spend is coming down, because our large programs are completing, right? 
And so we knew we were going to have to go through this process. But if you look from a Banking standpoint and you look at our Digital One capabilities, which is truly an omnichannel digital experience, cloud native from the ground up, built, we're into hundreds and hundreds of institutions now that have deployed various components of that Digital One platform. 
When you look at Code Connect, we've got a similar scenario. You look at our modern banking platform and some of our key wins. 
With that being said, we have had some competitors announced that they're entering into the space. And we think that just endorses our strategy that we started 3-plus years ago. I mean, so today, we're leader in cloud deployment. No one can beat us on availability. No one can beat us on total cost of ownership and delivery to improve our private cloud as well as our ability to burst to the public cloud. When you look at our application stack, we have the most advanced solid application stack in market today and even our capabilities of driving further outcomes through back-office type services, et cetera. 
When you look at Capital Markets, it's a very similar story. We told everybody that we were going to start leaning into Software-as-a-Service and deploying in a one-to-many model our leading capabilities after we brought our applications together and modernized those through an end-to-end solution stack.
You look at what we saw in 2021, you look at what we're seeing in 2022, that acceleration is just going to continue.  The only headwind we have in that market is really our license fee grow-over business, which, over the years, we've been telling the market very consistently, the percentage of revenue tied to license fees continues to decline. But we do still have license fee volatility due to the term nature of those fees. 
The reoccurring revenue on Capital Markets has been growing very, very strong now for a number of years that continued through 2021. So both of these businesses have continued to perform exceptionally well, and our timing has been very strong, given now this inflection point that all of our financial institutions and large investment houses, private equity firms are going to need to be going through a modernization strategy, and they're all looking to drive that in a highly resilient outsourced fashion. 
So we feel great about these 2 businesses, a little headwind in the Banking business this year due to the grow-overs Woody talked about. But this is a very -- these 2 businesses can easily grow greater than 7% in the coming years, and we feel very good about it.

Yes, Darrin. The only thing I'd add to that is, look, I mean, Woody's kind of hitting on it. The aperture gets more open, right, as some of these pullbacks occur in valuations. So we've all always talked about it. These -- when we look at M&A, we've got to find capabilities that are driving new product or service to an existing market we serve or break us into an adjacency. Financials matter, right? Obviously, we've got to make a strong investment for our shareholders, and that return is important. Culture is important. But we can have a pretty wide aperture when it comes to things that we look at now given the scope of our business. But M&A will continue to play an important role once we get our balance sheet reloaded, and we'll continue to look for strategic ways to accelerate our growth from here. 
We're not looking to do turnaround deals, and that we've been very clear about that. We've gone through a tremendous transformation at FIS. You can go across any one of our businesses, and you look at this modernization effort is starting to become behind us, right, with our capabilities in market, even when you look at Access Worldpay and the new acquiring platform on the Merchant side. So really, it's going to be all about things that can accelerate our growth from these current levels. And last year was a record growth year for us. So just really strong operating performance. So we'll continue to evaluate that lens on M&A.

Yes. So let me take that. Let me take the cross-segment sales. I think the team has done an excellent job driving cross sales through the Worldpay acquisition. I mean, we exceeded more than $700 million in cross sales, and so we far exceeded our original guide of what we thought we would get. 
What that has opened up is this opportunity that we just got significant cross-sell opportunities across the entire base. So what needs to be done from a product standpoint is we need to continue to drive our investment in some of these modernization platforms and exposure through componentization. We're going to continue to work on that through this year. And then those programs will predominantly be completed at that time. 
You've seen us lay the groundwork and some of the -- some of the stuff we've done through cloud. We've got now over 83% of our compute in the cloud. So a lot of the technical aspects of this are done. Now organizationally, we are starting to pull the organization together in a very different way with our go-to-market motion. 
So historically, while our sales have been enterprise in nature, they've been enterprise in nature within the segment. We're now lifting those up, and we're starting to bring our sales teams together, where they're enterprise in nature across the entire company. And we're doing that by focusing first on our top 200 client base. That's where a lot -- most of our revenue is generated. We want to lean in on to that base first and really drive that sales team to engage, where they're bringing the full capability of FIS. 
We're really just getting started on that. We've got a little over -- there's a little over 20 of our top 200 clients today that are executing across all 3 segments. That's going to grow exponentially with this first change. We've had a lot of success with this in the past, where we've lifted up our sales from the product level to -- first to the customer level and then to the segment level. We're doing the same thing now. We're lifting it up to the enterprise level. 
So we're really excited about this opportunity. We think this alone could accelerate our growth rate from where our current 7% to 9% targets are. So we're going to certainly continue to keep our investors up to date on this. Just made the change last week as we rolled it out through our sales kickoff meetings, and so really excited about what the future holds here.

Simply stated, Dave, we're seeing no difference in yields as they decline due to the pandemic, as they come back to after the pandemic, the yields return. So there's -- we're seeing zero evidence of anything impacting our yields from that viewpoint.

Yes, Lisa, it's a great question. I'll start. We'll let Stephanie add in on this. 
But at the end of the day, I mean, this is a fantastic product that's specific -- not specifically -- it's good for all of our merchants, but our eCommerce merchants really are going to like this solution. As you pointed out, this was an area that we thought there was a unique opportunity for as we put the companies together. The team has successfully come together. There was a lot of work here in getting these 2 data streams together and really being able to tie all of this together, successfully launched this in very late Q4. As we highlighted, Netflix, very early adopter of it. We really can see some significant improvement in decline rates. And when you're especially in the eCommerce world, that decline rate is very, very important to manage that and to make that as strong as possible in order to drive onboarding growth. 
So I think we'll see a lot of demand early on from our eCom merchants, but it will push down into all of our merchant capabilities. It's just another way for us to differentiate the strength of FIS going forward. But just launched it in late Q4 and just coming online, so excited about the future of it.

Thank you again for joining us this morning, and thank you to our dedicated colleagues who continue to show their commitment to providing world-class technology solutions for our clients so that they can stay ahead of the curve. This commitment will lay the foundation for our growth in 2022 and beyond. 
If you have any further questions that were not addressed on this call, please reach out to our Investor Relations team. Thank you, and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day. Goodbye.