Thank you, Pete. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to announce today that FIS delivered another solid quarter with results in line with our expectations. We continue to see strong client engagement around investing for the future, signaling increasing demand for our solutions. Sales momentum continues to be strong with a solid pipeline and growth in our revenue backlog. Our strong first half results combined with our visibility into the second half of the year and accelerated growth in our Integrated Financial Solutions segment allows us to raise our EPS guidance for the second quarter in a row and push our EBITDA margin to the high end of the range for the full year. Woody will provide more financial details in his remarks.
We continue to make solid progress towards our data center consolidation, solution modernization and other operating efficiency initiatives. These programs will drive long-term operating results, scalability, growth and resiliency.
Turning to Slide 5. Key themes in the quarter focus on improving sales, strengthening pipeline and continued trends towards outsourcing. Turning to our segment results. Our Integrated Financial Solutions segments saw another strong quarter of organic growth with accelerated growth sequentially. As expected, we saw a nice rebound in our payments business, while demand remained strong for our retail banking, wealth and digital solutions. Processing volumes also accelerated across the segment.
As an example of key wins in the quarter, in a competitive core takeaway deal, a mid-tier commercial bank based in the Midwest chose FIS for our advanced core banking solution to support its long-term growth. This is significant because our client was being acquired and the acquiring bank chose to convert to FIS solutions given the strength of the overall solution suite. This example continues to underscore FIS' strength in the large complex banking sector. Additionally, we won an exciting contract to significantly expand our work with the leading provider of tax-preparation solutions, making us the company's exclusive ROS payment provider for taxpayers. 
Finally, in showcasing the strength of our solution scale, a $20 billion financial institution expanded their existing relationship with us by converting to our new FIS core banking platform, which includes new digital channels, a full data conversion and numerous back-office solutions including item processing, electronic funds transfer and output solutions. This deployment occurred over a single weekend with flawless execution and seamless onboarding.
As we discussed on our last call, the IFS spend environment remains robust. We continue to build on the positive sales results established over the last several quarters, creating momentum into the back half of 2018 and into 2019. In our Global Financial Solutions segment, these results reflect a large grow over in license fees in 2017. They also reflect a continued swing towards a long-term processing agreements instead of on-premise licenses. This swing to outsourcing is a very good outcome for the business, driving much higher revenue predictability in the future. We continue to be pleased with the transformation of this business, which over time will evolve to operate more like our IFS segment. Based on the quality and breadth of our solutions, coupled with continued strong demand, we believe we are well positioned to take advantage of this trend. For example, a large regional bank expanded its relationship with FIS by signing a new agreement for a hosted solution to help the bank real-time payments and connect to the clearinghouse real-time payments network. 
As announced earlier this quarter, we now provide certification services for all financial institutions that want to participate in these real-time services. A second North American institution is leveraging the power of FIS to launch its new direct bank. This FIS hosted offering is leveraging end-to-end solutions from our entire portfolio including digital banking and component-based core processing. This new direct bank continues our leadership role in launching direct banks across North America.
We also expanded our relationship with a global investment bank by providing outsourced risk and compliance solutions for its listed and cleared over-the-counter business. As a final example, in the U.K., a financial services company recently became our first client to go live on our cloud-based payments-as-a-service offering. This innovative API solution enables the market to digitally offer any payment type to their customers including new faster payments as well as traditional payment such as wires and ACH. Given the current pipeline and sales success in the first half of the year, we expect GFS to drive stronger growth during the back half of 2018.
Turning to Slide 6. Overall, we continue to drive solid momentum and are making very good progress on executing our strategy that will drive long-term transformational results for us and our clients. We outlined a number of these actions for you at our Investor Day in May, including focusing our investments and accelerating our initiatives to provide the most modern solution set in the industry, remaining on track to operate more than 50% of our technology solutions within our private cloud by the end of the year and continuing driving increased efficiencies within our operations. We just completed 4 large events hosting thousands of clients from North America, Europe and Asia Pacific. Our continuous focus on modernization and value-added solution integration aligns with client demand and has been at the forefront of our sales success in growing pipeline throughout the year. We are pleased that our clients are enthusiastic about our strategic focus areas and the benefits they will bring to their organizations.
We also just completed our third annual FinTech accelerator program, which was again focused on sponsoring and shaping high-potential FinTech startups. This program, which has been extended for another year, is solid proof of our innovation strategy in action. Client feedback across all of these events, coupled with our first half results, underscores confidence in our strategy and investment decisions, and gives us clear line of sight into our ability to deliver on our goals, which are to drive long-term growth through innovation, increase sales through solution differentiation and continue to build our global scale. We remain very confident in the value we are delivering for our clients and believe that the value will continue to translate into consistent and profitable results and strong returns for our shareholders. 
Woody will now provide additional detail on the financial results for the quarter.

Yes. Now, I mean to build on that, Dave. You saw it in Woody's comments around the reoccurring revenue, you've seen GFS accelerate from 70% to 75% in reoccurring in a year, and this is just that trend that we've been signaling. But we've got a lot of our clients now, not only looking to take advantage of our software, but how do we take advantage of FIS' processing ability and really lower their overall total cost. So it's a great outcome for the business because over time, you'll see GFS move more like an IFS number. Those margins will continue to accelerate as we get the economies out of delivering that out of our data center environment. So it's a good long-term outcome for the segment.

But if you always look at the historical context of that business, Q4 has always been a big quarter in sales.

And it's very traditional that our clients enter into agreements, so they can kick off the new year with a big project or a big program. So Q4 has always been a big quarter in that business, specifically.

Yes, no, it really is, we're really feeling good about the IFS segment. Frankly, about, in general, IT spend across the entire sector, both IFS and GFS, we've seen 3 quarters in a row of strong sales across both segments to your point. And specifically, within IFS, we're seeing good sales really across several areas. Frankly, payments has been strong, but it's been more in adoption. So we're seeing accelerated volumes, we're seeing our sale success come across. Frankly, next-generation core banking, we highlighted a number of those wins in the prepared remarks. We're also seeing strong embracement of digital channels, so mobile -- and frankly, omnichannel as we roll out our DIGITAL ONE capabilities, which is really an omnichannel deployment across both the segments, we're seeing our clients clamor to that to try to take out cost out of back-office and actually also drive a better interaction with their customers. So it's really, Dave, across multiple product lines. I think it does show the strength of FIS' overall product portfolio and that's also resonating. So we highlighted another big digital bank signing on with us. We've become pretty much the standard in digital bank deployment in North America. And once again, that speed to market, that ability to drive a more open core componentized architecture with open APIs, allows people to get quick to market. So we're pleased with the trends we're seeing across our sales channels.

Well, it's interesting. We've had -- we had a very strong sales quarter in I&W, specifically. In fact, we've had 3 strong quarters in that. And from a sales standpoint, from a true new total contract value of our sales engine bringing it into to the firm, we were ahead of where we were last year. And so we're feeling really good about the demand that we're finding for our products. When you really boil it down, we talked a lot about this in the SunGard acquisition, so if you back up, you remember, we saw an opportunity to actually put these products together and form more end to end solutions, and we're seeing a lot of success with that. I think that is also some of the things that's driving people wanting to take this software, this solution now as a service. Because they're now entering into contracts with this, where we'll take multiple products and really give an end-to-end total solution and therefore drive it through our data centers. But the sales engine is operating very well in GFS and has consistently for the last year. And so we're pleased at the sales results for the first 2 quarters.

Yes. I'm going to build on that, a minute, Brett. As we talked about it on Investor Day, by the end of this year, we'll have $100 million in run rate out of operating savings just through data center consolidation. And by the time we're complete with that program in early 2021, we'll have $250 million of run rate. So you're going to see -- that's why we had so much confidence in Investor Day about the margin projections of this business going forward. We're really getting the benefits of this leverage, the teams working together very well. We've seen the operating leverage for years in the IFS. So by nature, as the business grows faster, you'll naturally see a higher contribution margin that will also pull those margins up.

Brett, as we've been through this process before, multiple years ago with IFS and IFS used to be a heavy oriented license business. And as you're going through the sales process, you first sell the prospect on the product itself or on the solution itself. But to Woody's point, I think the surprise for us was more of those customers that would have traditionally licensed the product, really have pushed more towards outsourcing in somewhat dramatic way and that 70% reoccurring to 75% is a big bump in a single year. If you look at the back half of the year, we're continuing to model that license fees will continue to be there, but we also recognize this outsourcing trend, which is a good thing, will continue.

Yes. It was, Brett, we're having a lot of success. As we talked about on Investor Day, this is a journey. We're multiple years into that investment now and now you're seeing the results of that and actually starting to see some wins that will be launching our fully new componentized solutions and will continue to bring more and more of those to bear. But we're also taking advantage of that investment in modernizing our existing platforms as well over time. And so our clients will get the benefit of that as part of doing business with FIS as we take them through the natural upgrade cycle. So we're excited where the teams are on that development effort and we're also excited to start seeing this actually come into market now.

Absolutely. And so as you think about that, the lumpiness comes in the form of license fees. Now that we've got 606, historically, we were able to renew clients early, right? And pull in those license fees. So that gets normalized through 606. To Woody's point, in the back half of the year, you'll see that re-recognition. Honestly, Darrin, as you look at the percentage of reoccurring revenue increase, it actually gives us more confidence in the guide, not less. And you're going to see that accelerate not only in the back half of the year, but into 2019 and beyond. So we're very comfortable with the business. The sales performance has been very strong. And as we on-board this and on-board these large processing agreements, it's going to accelerate the growth.

Absolutely. It's a very consistent model as people come into the SaaS offering, just like IFS, you've got a 12 to 18 month on-boarding cycle and then you've got high reoccurring revenue, a good solid contribution margins throughout the life cycle of that contract.

And to your point, Darrin, we saw good solid sales in Q4 last year, Q1 and now Q2, all in IFS. So that stuff is all going to be on boarding in the back half and early part of next year. So we think it's a real good news story and the quarter was really just about as straight down the fairway as you can get.

Well, if you look at IFS now, it's roughly about 90%, right? So you'll continue to see -- it really depends on how quickly people quit taking on-premise license, of software. I can tell you historically that was kind of a 10-year transition over [ at ] IFS, so it was long term as the market moves. But there's very clearly larger and larger institutions are looking to get more leverage out of their purchasing power with their suppliers. And one way of driving that is into the -- is getting the benefits of our data center investment. You hear how much we're investing in cloud-based technologies as an example. There really is no sense for our clients to replicate that spend. They should come with us. And as we move more and more of these technologies into our private cloud, we can just do it at a much more cost-effective rate than they can. So you'll continue to see this movement over the future quarters.

Yes. No, I think it's fair that you'll see larger and larger contracts being signed out of GFS with a much higher reoccurring revenue, especially as our clients starting embracing the solutions that we're putting together for more end-to-end capabilities across our I&W landscape. So I do think you'll continue to see that revenue backlog grow. Woody highlighted significant growth in it this quarter-over-quarter, and you see it in the reoccurring as well.

Chris, we haven't got into disclosures quarter-on-quarter, but it was definitely very strong. I mean, we saw the sales success definitely double-digits growth, and so we're very pleased, where it is at this point in the year.

Yes. The big metric that we look at there is really our term fees. It's very hard to predict, when acquisitions are going to occur. Right now, we're still modeling our term fees to be flat year-over-year. So we're not seeing -- we haven't seen the exposure -- an increased exposure to that, at least based on our forecast over the last year. But it's certainly something that we continue to watch.

I think there are several things driving it, Dan. If you think about it -- let's back up, one of the things that we did was, we pulled the sales organization out of the individual product lines as we went through the SunGard integration. We got a lot of benefit of that, we got a lot of leverage out of the sales force. By doing that, we also then started putting products together, especially across the I&W landscape to form more end-to-end solutions, which historically, that market had bought more front, middle or back-office in very discrete buying decisions. We're now seeing more end-to-end capabilities, and we've highlighted a number of those wins over the quarters. So then, when you add the fact that FIS, given our scale in data-center operation, we've talked a lot about that, almost all of the IFS business is now taken in a SaaS model, there's a couple of minor exceptions. But in general, the IFS, entire IFS segment is a SaaS model. So now we've given not only a solution ability but also access to world-class data centers, which we've talked a lot about. And when you go to our clients and we're looking at prospects and working with them, it really is not only the capability of the product or solution, but how can they drive their total cost of ownership lower. And what we're seeing, and we've highlighted this for quite some time, we're seeing more and more of our clients push themselves to look at alternative ways to lower their overall cost and just by leveraging our scale in the processing environment. And frankly, we drive a lot of best practices around that. So not only can we drive to a lower cost, when we do it, we can do it very well. We're just seeing more and more of our customers open themselves up, our larger customers open themselves up to that kind of capability. So part of it is just more arrows in the quiver for our sales force, that prior SunGard [ organization ] really didn't have this capability at the level we do. Part of it is getting the sales force out of the product line, so now they realize, they can sell an entire solution. It aligns our compensation models more effectively. And then the third is really a trend in the market, where people are just looking, [ where ] their overall total cost of ownership. So I think all 3 of those things combined, is really driving some of the outcome we're seeing.

Yes. No. It's a good question. Honestly, we have had -- and we've talked about it on a number of calls, we've had the whole European market return slower than we would like. Over the last several years, we've  continued -- we have seen good momentum recently in our sales and our backlog. We highlighted a very nice win of launching a new client on our payments as a service offering in the U.K., which is all cloud-based and API ready. We've had a lot of success rolling out our new API Gateway to meet some of the regulatory changes. So I do think you'll continue to see Europe strengthen for us over the coming quarters and coming years. So I do think the environment's improving.

Yes. No, it's a great question. We actually highlighted in a number of our conferences. So, if you think about the evolution of digital, we would argue we're heading into the third major generation of digital deployment. We've been in digital dating all the way back to just mobile banking or internet banking, which was well over 10 years ago, we're on the forefront of that. Over the years, we've taken a number of steps through our digital architectures. And today, we're very, very competitive across mobile, Internet, also small business et cetera. What we see the next wave is really what we talked about with our clients and we're getting a lot of traction around this, is really an omni-channel deployment. So how do you take all of the both assisted and unassisted channels and bring them through a common architecture. It's really a way for our clients that -- to start not only leveraging the digital channels, but how do you leverage that into the branch environment as well and frankly, where the consumer gets a seamless experience. So that's resonated very well with our clients. And as we invest in that new capability and that new technology, you see a lot of our clients getting on that journey with us to take advantage of that.

It's all of the above. I mean, given our client base and given how large our client base in the U.S., a lot of our sales come in the form of cross sales to existing customers. But we've also been taking new logos in market. So it's really a combination of both -- across both of our segments, both IFS and GFS.

Yes, no George, we really are seeing a modernization focus resonate with our clients. And frankly, as you look at financial institutions, as they get larger and larger in the space, especially banks, specifically, North America -- I'm addressing IFS specifically now. As those banks get larger and larger, our market share becomes greater. And if you look at the capabilities of our existing solutions, I would argue they are best-in-class in the large bank market, if you then layer on our next generation capabilities that we've been investing in for a number of years, you are just starting to see us take -- not only take share, you're just seeing our customers get on that roadmap to move to a more modern capability. We highlight an example in the prepared remarks, where very unusual for one of our client -- not unusual for one of our clients to get bought, we all know consolidation occurs in the industry. But it is unusual for the buying entity to actually convert to the acquired bank's solution, and we highlighted an example, that in core banking this quarter. That several times that now has occurred over the last couple of years. So as these banks grow, to $5 billion, $10 billion, $20 billion, you're seeing more and more of a need to really take advantage of the FIS strength in functionality and capability. And we're seeing that in our pipeline signings, we're seeing that in not only our sale signing but also in our pipeline. So we feel great about the banking market in the U.S. We feel really good about the investments we're making. We think it plays for a solid outcome for FIS in the future.

Thank you for joining us today and for your ongoing interest in FIS. We're pleased with our operating performance of the first half of the year, which allows us to raise our earnings per share guidance for 2 quarters in a row. Importantly, our robust pipeline positioned us for strong results for the back half of the year and into 2019. In closing, I'd like to reinforce our core fundamentals. We have a proven market leadership position, driving continues innovation for modernization and improving your capabilities. We're serving healthy and improving market segments and have a very strong financial fundamental with a proven track record of generating shareholder returns. And we believe our business continues to have a compelling investment thesis and we look forward to delivering on our commitments. I'd like to thank our loyal clients, who depend on us to keep their business running and growing every day. The successful partnership between our clients, the leaders and employees enables FIS to continue to empower the financial world. Thank you for joining us today.