Thank you, Nate. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. The COVID-19 pandemic will be viewed as one of the most challenging times for our country and the world. However, I couldn't be prouder of our response and the execution of our more than 55,000 employees and delivering a very strong quarter despite all the challenges. The pandemic has been a catalyst, driving us to achieve outstanding results, all while maintaining our implementation, processing and product development commitments to our clients and prospects. This is very important, given our strong multi-quarter sales success and converting these wins to revenue as quickly as possible. 
COVID-19 has spurred changing consumer behaviors and reinforced the many benefits of automation, artificial intelligence and cloud-native technologies and a true omnichannel experience. Our conversations with clients who wish to adopt our next-generation suite of solutions are gaining momentum. And that continues to show to our strong quarterly sales results that we will discuss later. These trends and results drive our confidence in the company's ability to accelerate growth. 
Turning to Slide 7. I'd like to discuss our strong second quarter. Our revenues grew 40% to almost $3 billion. This exceptional growth was achieved despite the impacts of this historic pandemics impact. Given shelter-in-place restrictions around the globe, revenue decreased 7% on an organic basis. While revenue faced headwinds, we expanded margins by 150 basis points as we continue to drive down our cost structures through the Worldpay integration initiatives as well as ongoing benefits from investments in technology and automation. 
We generated $1.15 in EPS and over $650 million in free cash flow, reflecting the durability of our business model. Given the ongoing strength in our sales channel, our sold backlog increased 7% organically to $21 billion, giving us clear line of sight to continued acceleration of revenue growth. Given these results, it is clear our resilient business model ensures we can deliver strong results given our breadth and diversity of our solutions. 
Turning to Slide 8. Last week marked the 1-year anniversary of our acquisition of Worldpay. It was a significant milestone for our company and the industry as 2 of the preeminent teams and financial technology came together. Worldpay brought us world-class merchant acquiring with its high-value global e-commerce and integrated payment capabilities. 
In banking, we have continued our investment in the new products and services that are transforming the market, including Modern Banking Platform, Code Connect and Digital One. And in capital markets, we brought investments in technology to enable us to be more agile with the movement of money across the world. We certainly have a track record of success when it comes to advancing the way the world pays, banks and invest. We're thrilled with the traction that we've seen over the past year by creating a company that is significantly differentiated in the market. 
The subset list of accomplishments that we have achieved on Slide 9 since last July is extensive and covers every aspect of the new combined company. When we closed the Worldpay acquisition, the teams on both sides immediately came together in very collaborative ways with a focus of creating something unique in the industry. We continue to outpace expectations on our synergy goals and are well ahead of schedule to meet our aggressive 3-year synergy targets. At the end of the quarter, our teams have achieved more than $700 million in annual cost synergies and $115 million in annual revenue synergies. We have an additional $60 million in revenue synergies that we are in the process of implementing now, and we have a growing pipeline of cross-sell opportunities that will continue to drive additional growth. 
Our ability to exceed our synergy goals so early is a testament to the value our colleagues are creating by winning as one team. 
On Slide 10, we recognized early the changing dynamics of the industry and decided to pivot the company to growth by investing in next-generation technology that would allow us to successfully compete for the next 10 to 15 years. We launched our journey over 4 years ago by investing in data center consolidation and network modernization to position us to be the leader in cloud-based technology. Fast forward to today, we have a significantly smaller data center network footprint. We will reduce over $250 million in cost and have 80% of our total compute in the cloud by the middle of next year. 
Next, we invest in our application stack, which is based on a modular componentized architecture with open APIs that provide our clients the flexibility to innovate at their own pace. These investments included our Modern Banking Platform, Code Connect, Digital One, post-trading derivative solutions and next-generation syndicated lending. Together, these new products are propelling our growth in our banking capital market segments. 
Simultaneously, Worldpay was also investing in next-generation technologies. They launched the NAP platform, access Worldpay, advanced e-comm capabilities and innovative often fraud solutions. This has been the primary growth catalyst for our payments segment and what makes the combination of FIS and Worldpay so powerful.
Next, we moved on to differentiate ourselves through building on our industry-leading client experience. For example, we proactively committed to groundbreaking 15-minute service-level agreements for many of our cloud-based solutions in sharp contrast to the typical industry standard of 24 to 48 hours. And we simplified our pricing and contracting models for smaller financial institutions in order to make it even easier to do business with FIS. These enhancements to how we support our clients are resonating in the market.
Finally, we upgraded and integrated our internal enterprise tool sets, significantly improving our communication and collaboration capabilities and further enabling our colleagues to better support our clients. We began this journey to prepare for the future. While the pandemic has accelerated changing consumer and enterprise behaviors in ways that none of us could have predicted, it demonstrates that the strategic investments we've made in our technology transformation have paid off. 
As shown on Slide 11, our strategic blueprint ensure FIS' continued success revolves around 3 simple pillars: the first pillar centers around our ongoing investments in technology and innovation. The increase in client demand that we are experiencing for our differentiated and next-generation solutions will continue to power accelerating revenue growth trends for FIS.
Second, our relentless focus on driving efficiency and scalability is a key component of driving meaningful operational results. As we continue to integrate strategic acquisitions, we will further build our scale and operational efficiencies, allowing us to lead our peers with best-in-class margins. Lastly, we have a strong track record of strategically allocating capital to maximize shareholder value. Our disciplined approach to capital allocation includes investing in both high-growth acquisition targets as well as our organic investments in product, technology and innovation. 
Turning back to the quarter and a focus on sales results on Slide 12. Our clients are embracing our cutting-edge solutions, which empower them to better compete in a world where technology is changing at record speed. In banking, I'm pleased to announce that we extended our streak of consecutive quarters with double-digit year-over-year new sales growth, which now spans more than 2 years. Our new sales delivered over $1 billion in total contract value during the second quarter despite shelter-in-place ordinances. Client demand for our Modern Banking Platform remains robust as clients seek new ways to transform their legacy technology to a frictionless digital experience. We signed another top 30 U.S. bank on our Modern Banking Platform, Code Connect and Digital One omnichannel solutions. They chose FIs because of our product suites, cloud-ready modular architecture and due to our ability to implement complex solutions. We look forward to supporting the bank's goal to leapfrog from legacy technologies to the future of digital banking. This marks our ninth Modern Banking Platform win, including 4 of the top 30 U.S. banks. 
Our speedy implementation of real-time lending services for many financial institutions allowed us to streamline and process funding under the Paycheck Protection Program, supporting U.S. small businesses and families throughout the pandemic. We also aided several U.S. states by quickly ramping up operations to support prepaid and Pandemic EBT card processing during this challenging period. 
Turning now to merchant. Client adoption of our premium payback solution remains strong, and we continue to identify and close multiple cross-sell opportunities. For example, we entered into a strategic agreement with a top U.S. pharmacy to improve their loyalty program with our premium payback solution at its nearly 10,000 locations. Real-time redemption at the point-of-sale will drive foot traffic, increase spend and lower the pharmacy's cost of payment acceptance. We also recently signed an exclusive merchant referral partnership with a regional bank of over 500 branches. We will convert their existing portfolio of 15,000 merchants to FIS and will provide all processing and back-office support functions for the bank. Additionally, the largest independent gas station operator in the U.K. chose FIS to enable payment technology at 900 fuel stations because of our in-store payment technology and our robust fraud solution. 
Finally, I'm pleased to announce that we are increasing investments in our integrated payments channel. Together with several strategic partners, we are developing a creative new go-to-market solution and have commitments to migrate over 20,000 new merchants by year-end. 
Turning to capital markets. Demand for our SaaS-based solution remains robust. Clients are embracing our differentiated end-to-end solutions that span the front, middle and back office as well as our innovative RegTech solutions. We signed a deal with the top German bank that will enable them to increase operational efficiencies by consolidating 3 existing competitor point solutions onto our end-to-end solution suite. In addition, we signed a deal with a nonprofit finance cooperative with nearly $27 billion in assets to power their commercial lending suite. As you can tell, this was a very busy and highly successful quarter on many fronts.
I will now turn the call over to Woody to discuss the financials in more detail. Woody?

Thanks, Woody. I want to conclude our prepared remarks with Slide 18 by stating our continued commitment to growth and innovation is unwavering. We're focused on continuing to keep our colleagues safe while simultaneously pushing forward to become the Fintech employer of choice. We truly cannot be successful if we don't maximize our talent. Inclusion and diversity is very important to me, both personally and professionally as well as it is to all of us here at FIS. Recent social unrest in the U.S. underscores the prevalence of systemic racism in our country and around the world. To that end, we recognize our responsibility to strive for sustained social change, both domestically and globally. 
We are setting significant goals for our company, including to double the representation of black and Latin mix leaders at FIS. We are also rolling out further programs to help our colleagues with the increasing problem related to student loan debt for incoming U.S. college program participants. For our clients, we will continue to deliver innovative solutions and support during these difficult times. We will leverage our scale and global reach to provide best-in-class service and quality. For our communities, we are continuing to work on integrating environmental, social and governance factors into every aspect of our business. 
We recently launched our first-ever global sustainability report, which I encourage you to download from our website. As we maintain our commitment to ESG described in our report, I am proud of how we are operating our company with integrity and the highest ethics, promoting diversity and inclusion and preserving our natural resources. Further, we will continue to contribute to our communities by donating both dollars and volunteer hours to organizations that support financial literacy and inclusion. We will invest $30 million in minority-owned Fintech start-ups and double our supplier spend with minority-owned businesses by 2023. Creating an environment that enables our colleagues, clients and communities to thrive demonstrates how we are leveraging our technology and innovation at scale to reinforce FIS' global leadership position and to drive above-market growth. This concludes our prepared remarks. 
Operator, please open the line for questions.

Yes. Let me just add a little color to that. When you look at the sizing of these contracts compared to our traditional core banking deals done across community banks, order of magnitude, these are hands down very, very significant and large contracts compared to anything else you would do in core banking.
The other thing that's important to note, not only have we signed 7, as we described, but keep in mind, in the Modern Banking Platform wins, those are really deposits only at this point. So we have an opportunity as we launch their deposit portfolios and bring their deposit products online in this newer technology then to move into their lending portfolios and other areas of a traditional core bank. So we're real excited about this potential. I mean not only as we've talked about for years, penetrating the top 30 with really transformational core, we've got an opportunity to grow these core relationships with successful launches on deposits. So it's a really good indicator, as Woody said, to push that banking business above mid-single digits into a more upper single-digit kind of growth rate over time and makes us very confident to the 7% to 9% as we discussed earlier.

Yes. No, it's really across all key areas, Darrin. It's a great question. I mean the banking business and the capital market businesses both performed very well. We did see some return in our issuer transaction volumes, just like you would expect, as the acquiring volumes started increasing. So we see that flowing to our issuer cards. But honestly, the base business really performed because of all the investments we've made over the last 4 years in newer technology. And if you look at the success of the sales channel we highlighted today, we really had now 2 years of double-digit sales growth. And so what you're really seeing is that sales growth coming on board 12 months later and starting to see good solid performance in the banking business, and that's going to continue to trend up. We're seeing those sales come across our next-generation digital platforms, our next-generation Code Connect platforms, which is when you hear people talk about open agile APIs or micro services, Code Connect is our solution for that. We've been in market now for about 4 years with that, really extends the openness of all of our banking systems and we're seeing tremendous growth in that area. And then we've also seen very, very strong wins in core banking in the top 100, which is really a new trend that we've talked about that was being accelerated by the next-generation of technology. But now I think it's being further accelerated by the pandemic.
If you look over in capital markets, once again, another really strong quarter by that team. We've made a lot of investment in product over the last several years and also in the technology platforms, the data center consolidation. And when we looked at product, we started building out a lot more robust digital enablement. We really started looking at solutions that go across the front, middle and back office. We also pushed hard several years ago in the open APIs and micro services. And as you look at that, now the market is starting to transform that. So we really think we're just getting the advantage of a strategic pivot that we made -- started 4 years ago and is ongoing of this rapid investment in next-generation technologies. And as the market is breaking that direction, we're seeing the benefit of that in the growth curve.

Yes. No, I absolutely agree with you. I think that was actually the crown jewel that came out of the Worldpay combination. We've been real excited. When you really look at global e-commerce and dealing with the complexity that comes from that, you really can continue to see us being the kind of destination of choice in some of these large complex deals. And so very focused on pushing that strong demand. We had some nice wins already this year. As Woody highlighted, very strong growth in our existing clients, up 30%, minus travel in airlines. It's important to make sure we carve that out, but when you're looking at really the underlying health of this business. And so very pleased at our position. I think Woody commented in his prepared remarks, we're really leaning in to some of the next-generation capabilities there with access Worldpay and also doing a number of other things around our processing platform. So we really feel great about our position in payments and in merchant specifically. You saw us highlight a number of other wins. And so post COVID, I mean this is really a good, solid double-digit grower for FIS.

Yes. I mean when you look, David, you look at this quarter, we had 150 basis points of margin expansion. We actually invested heavily in our delivery capabilities because as you're ramping on this kind of sales growth, it's important that we've got the necessary staff to be able to deploy these complex solutions. So we'll want to make sure that we continue to balance it between innovation and driving modernization and transformation and also make sure that we continue to have margin expansion. But beyond the end of this year, there are a lot more levers that we have to continue to drive operating efficiencies, whether it's increased automation using artificial intelligence, which we're doing a lot with today and really investing heavily there. Or whether you look at leveraging our COO organization and drive more functional alignment to get more leverage and scale across some of our existing capabilities. But I'm very confident that you'll continue to see margin expansion for years with that finance.

Yes. I'll just build on that. The team is doing an excellent job of really leaning into the market and selling into the opportunities that we're seeing with regards to SaaS. Every quarter, I and Woody really look at it with regards to how many SaaS sales compared to license sales. And once again, I mean, this quarter was no different. We saw a lot more SaaS sales come in than what we did on the license side. I -- we've talked a lot about banking, and they had double-digit sales success this quarter. Capital markets was equally very strong on sales. They had one large anomalous license fee last year. But when you really look at the fundamental underlying growth of the sales engine, it was just a phenomenal quarter. And you saw the resiliency of it in the -- in its growth rate. So these 2 businesses are proving to be in very good shape at the right time in the market as you see the market breaking towards some of these newer technologies. So I couldn't be happier with what the teams are doing here.

Thanks, David.

Yes. No, look, it's a great question. Our big competitors here are typically in-house developed software over decades, augmented by typically some form of consulting or off-shoring firm. It's typically who we're running into. As you would suspect, these are very complex implementations of this size. And one of the reasons why not only do we have compelling technology that really competes very well in the industry, really the only proven company that can do these kind of large-scale complex transformations and with proof points over the years around the globe. So as Woody talked about, they run anywhere from 12 to 18 months. They focus -- we've got some of our customers that were really -- were literally moving off technologies that were installed in the early '70s, and we have some that are moving off technologies that were installed in the last 15 years. But there's a lot of complexity in this. It takes a large program effort to manage through that. At this point, you would expect, I'm very close to these implementations as well as the rest of our leaders in the company, and every one of these implementations are in green status at this point. So we feel very good at how the teams are working together. These customers have not been -- or these clients have not been through this kind of transformation in decades. So they're very excited about the opportunity of what this is going to drive for them to help them compete in market. And so there's a real sense of energy of not only getting these right, but getting these installed on time. If anything, they'd love to see us pull them early. So we're real pleased at where we are. As I mentioned with David, we're certainly focused on investing in our implementation pipeline. We understand we don't want our operating units to be the bottleneck for growth. So we're making sure that we're investing there to be able to accelerate and meet our implementation demand as the sales team brings these contracts into the company.

Yes. As we were talking about this yesterday, as you think about how much cash has actually come out of the global economy, we're very bullish on all of our payment offerings. And as we think about how much did that naturally come back post COVID, we think there's a real opportunity to really see a significant jump to electronic, a lot of it moving to card not present. All of that paint significant benefits to us, not only on the acquiring side, but also back into the issuing side. So we're very bullish on these businesses at the moment.

Yes. No, it's a great insightful question. We've got a number of those customers -- or substantial number of those customers that are running in-house on our legacy technology or even outsourced on some of our legacy technology. And so it's a real opportunity for us to cross-sell the Modern Banking Platform. Frankly, a lot of those customers are watching how a number of these top 30 institutions are going to transition and their success with the technology. But it really -- not only do we have an opportunity to bring on our lending assets on top of Modern Banking Platform, but we have a huge amount of runway through the rest of the top 100, and frankly, through the entire regional bank market. So just a lot of opportunity in the U.S. with this new technology. We also are seeing similar demands outside the U.S. But given all the movement right now in the U.S. markets, the sales teams are pretty focused there for now. But we think there's, as I've said in my prepared remarks, easily 10-plus years of runway with this next-generation core banking transformation.

It's -- honestly, as we've integrated the companies, it's almost getting too complex to break out synergies related to what deal or this deal. So we've really been just focusing on the go forward. Clearly, the Vantiv-Worldpay combination was very successful. And I think given our synergy results, you're seeing the success come out of the FIS-Worldpay combination. But we talked about this in the past on calls. We integrate these companies so tightly, it gets difficult to actually track what is a synergy and what's just operating execution and what sales execution at some point in time. And so really, we've kind of moved on beyond trying to track the Vantiv-Worldpay and just really focused on the FIS-Worldpay going forward. But feel great about where we are in synergies. Revenue side already being at $115 million is significant. You can go back on what our original estimation was, which was just $100 million by the end of this year, already at $115 million. We've got $60 million more in the implementation cycle with a really strong pipeline. So feel great about that execution. As Woody highlighted, we'll have the operating expense side of this completely done at $400 million point by the end of this year. So just a lot of really positive results coming out of the teams.

Yes.

Yes. No, we clearly are seeing that repositioning, and you've seen strong double-digit sales growth for the last 2 years, every quarter, coming out of the banking group. And when we talk about sales growth, that's new TCV, that's not renewables. So that's not -- we don't disclose that. We have very, very high retention rates, but really focusing on new business coming into FIS. And you're exactly right, the banking industry, and we talked about it on last quarter's call, if you look at what's happened, they continue to invest in digital over the years. The problem is given their legacy technology that's underlying their digital frameworks, they just can't move fast enough. They don't have enough agility in deployment, and they just can't get their cost down because of this foundational issue. And so we're now seeing people lean in heavily on Modern Banking Platform. They're leaning in heavily into micro services. And they're leaning into next-generation digital to take advantage of all of that. And just really seeing strong growth across the pipeline. And then when you augment all of that with a lot of back-office services that banks are continuing to push on all about trying to just lower their total cost of ownership. So a lot of people have asked, given the interest rate environment and given the pandemic, why aren't we seeing spend decline, the reality is most of our customers have just held on too long. And I think at this point, they realize they're going to have to transform and spend their way out of this issue they have in order to be able to compete in the future. And so we're certainly seeing the benefit of that through our sales success.

Thank you.

Yes. Some examples of that, Ashwin, you actually -- you said in your question, we're looking really hard at global real estate. We're successfully operating from home today. We're taking a real hard look on whether we even reopen those offices. We're also looking at some of the basis of some of our travel that we've done historically and really taking a hard look at that. We're also bringing a lot more leverage through our tool sets and technology, as I mentioned. And all of these things are good short-term levers. But as Woody pointed out, there'll be a number of things that we don't think we'll spend in the reopen. And so that will then push into next year. We also have growing efficiencies around some of these large programs, multiyear programs we've been running. The NAP program is ramping up. Our data center consolidation program are wrapping up. So all of these things will also push into our margins next year as well.

Yes. We're really seeing spend increase in the areas that we started focusing on about 4 years ago. So where are people spending and let's first start with where they're not spending. They're not spending for on-premise-type deployments. They're not spending in legacy technology today. Those are areas they're not spending on, which is where traditionally, they were spending in many instances over the last 3, 4, 5 years. What we're seeing is a really high accelerated spend of how do we take advantage of the massive deployment of cloud technology that FIS has done over the last 4 years. It certainly raises their availability to any -- to nothing the industry is seeing, frankly, lowers their overall total cost of ownership. So really taking advantage of our cloud investments have been very important. They're leaning in hard on our open API frameworks and spending a lot of money in that area. One, it gives them flexibility to modernize through a more componentized approach. So instead of trying to do something big bang, they're going to focus on individual components. That then leads into seeing a lot of spend around our next-generation componentized architecture, whether it's digital enablement. So as you think about our Digital One platform, that really is truly a new omnichannel platform, where no matter where the interaction with the consumer or the business occurs, no matter what channel, it goes through a unique platform. So there's a consistency. And literally, someone can start in one channel and end the interaction in a totally different channel. And we're seeing that not only in banking. We're seeing the same thing in capital markets. Frankly, seeing the same thing over in our merchant business as well. So you're right, they're definitely moving spend from the traditional legacy. They're putting a lot of those solutions more in a maintenance mode and then really trying to move and spend in next-generation digital engagements.

Yes. No, the pipeline is very strong. We're very pleased with what we're seeing going on in our pipeline. It continues to grow. We traditionally have run our pipelines at about 2x of what we're looking to generate in any given quarter in sales. And I would say our pipelines are running higher than that today. So we're real pleased with where -- not only our sales success, but the sales team is doing a very nice job of going out and building transaction momentum through pipeline. Obviously, not everything in your pipeline closes. We've talked about that a lot over the years that I've been CEO. But we're seeing very healthy activity in the pipeline as well, seeing a lot of deal flow coming in and going all the way through the decision. So at this point in time, I think Q3 is shaping up to be another strong quarter in sales force.

Yes. As we look at it, I mean, we certainly -- some of the customers that were utilizing or some of the merchants that were utilizing Wirecard, we see that as an opportunity for organic sales. We've already had some success in signing some of those customers, and we'll continue to focus on it. Obviously, they've got to clear our standards around risk tolerance and other things. But we see a really continued good sales opportunity across the board through our organic approaches with our go to markets and the various markets.
Well, thank you for joining us today and for your ongoing interest and investment in FIS. I would also like to thank our clients for the trust they place in us to keep their businesses up and running every day. I'd also like to send my sincerest thanks to our more than 55,000 employees worldwide, who, without their efforts, we cannot accomplish these results. If you have any further questions that were not addressed on this call, then please contact our Investor Relations team. Thank you, be safe and goodbye.