Thank you, Nate. Good morning, and welcome to today's call. I'm very pleased to announce that FIS and Worldpay have officially combined. We now begin the next exciting chapter in our pivot to growth strategy. I'm especially excited to welcome the Worldpay team as well as their clients and investors into the FIS family. Charles, Mark, Stephanie and key leaders from Worldpay are staying with the company and joining our team to continue driving growth in the merchant business and other areas of FIS. I couldn't be more optimistic about the future of this company and what we will accomplish together.
Clients and partners from both companies have shared how excited they are about the opportunities that the new FIS will bring to the table with our expanded capabilities. As a leading provider of technology for merchants, financial institutions and capital markets across the globe, this gives us the unique ability to create seamless end-to-end experiences. Together, we will advance the way the world pays, banks and invests, positioning us to power the digital economy. This combination redefines our road map to accelerating organic growth.
Both FIS and Worldpay had a strong second quarter, providing us confidence that our markets remain robust and that our teams remain focused on execution. FIS has successfully generated 6 consecutive quarters of exceptionally strong sales. In the second quarter, sales were up more than 30%, increasing our backlog by 7% organically, giving us clear line of sight to continued accelerating revenue growth.
Wins in the quarter continued to amplify client demand for our solutions to improve the digital experience for their customers and drive operational efficiencies. For example, in our IFS segment, a large regional bank with more than $35 billion in assets expanded its relationship with us through a significant new multiyear agreement for our Digital One item processing and capture solutions to gain new efficiencies, reduce costs and improve the digital experience for its customers. This move toward outsourced solutions also propelled a large U.S.-based insurance company to select our hosted enterprise platform to streamline key back office processes and improve the customer support experience.
Additionally, in our GFS segment, a regional arm of a top 5 U.K. institution signed a long-term agreement for an FIS core banking solution in support of the bank's goals to better serve its German-speaking markets post-Brexit. Also, a large asset management firm with more than $60 billion in assets under management chose to partner with FIS to gain cost and servicing efficiencies within its transfer agency operations.
Similarly, Worldpay has maintained a strong growth trajectory as the business is ideally positioned in secular high-growth payments markets, including global e-commerce and integrated payments. Within global e-commerce, Worldpay continued its exciting sales momentum by adding 14 new cross-sell wins during the quarter, bringing the total to 56. These wins show that Worldpay's global reach and tailored solutions are clearly resonating with merchants. 
On day 1 of the FIS-Worldpay combination, FIS organic growth rate increases from 4% to 6% on a pro forma annualized basis. The combination also creates significant revenue synergy opportunities of $500 million. We expect to begin realizing revenue synergies in the coming months, accelerating organic revenue growth trends towards 7% next year and then into the 7% to 9% range in the future. In addition, we will continue to invest in new value-creating opportunities to reinforce and enhance our growth by harnessing the power of our combined cash flow.
Later in the call, I'll provide further perspective on our transformation into a unique global leader within commerce and financial services and the differentiated value proposition that we'll bring to our clients.
But first, Woody will take us through our second quarter financial results. Woody?

Thanks, Woody. As we bring our 2 great companies together, we will structure our organization into 3 operating segments. This new structure reflects our distinct but complementary global businesses and the integration of Worldpay's talent and technologies. Going forward, our segments will be Merchant Solutions, Banking Solutions and Capital Market Solutions.
Starting with Merchant Solutions. FIS will go to market using the Worldpay brand. The segment will be led by Mark Heimbouch, Worldpay's former President and Chief Operating Officer, who will continue to build its leading market position in global e-commerce and integrated payments.
Our Banking Solutions segment will be led by Bruce Lowthers, who previously led IFS. In his expanded role, Bruce will continue to drive accelerating growth across our global client base.
Our third segment will provide best-in-class solutions across all facets of the capital markets industry. Martin Boyd will lead this segment, serving buy-side and sell-side firms as well as corporations and insurance companies.
The common denominator across all 3 of these segments is digital enablement across global markets. All 3 serve the largest multinational clients with leading solutions at global scale. They also bring innovative capabilities to help our small and midsize clients to be agile, resilient and to reach their full potential. Finally, all 3 are uniquely positioned in secular, high-growth markets.
Turning to Slide 8. We will go to market in all 3 of our segments with a powerful client value proposition. For over 50 years, FIS has driven growth for clients around the world by creating tomorrow's technology, solutions and services to modernize today's business and customer experiences. We do more than develop technology. We provide access to innovation by continuously investing to create innovative, secure, enterprise-grade solutions that position our clients and their customers for success today and in the future. With our data and insights, we create new intersections between markets and technology that solve for our client's future while delivering experiences that are more simple, seamless and secure to advance the way the world pays, banks and invests. Using our world-class scale, we enable our clients with global reach at the local level. With our connections across the global financial ecosystem, we provide our clients access to new enterprise-grade solutions that enable them to run their businesses more efficiently, grow more effectively and enter into new markets with greater speed and lower cost of entry. Delivering innovation and insight at this global scale puts us at the heart of commerce in the financial world. This is why I'm so confident in our ability to build on the strong foundations already laid at FIS and Worldpay to accelerate our revenue growth even further together.
I will now turn the call back to Woody to round out our financial discussion before he opens the call to questions. Woody?

Thanks, Dave.

Thanks, Dave.

Yes. Absolutely, Dave. Look, we now had 6 quarters of consecutive strong sales, obviously, very strong sales this past quarter. Pipeline looks really good. So we're real pleased with all the investments we've made on modernization, all of the work that we've done around data center consolidation. We've talked about new availability limits that we're bringing into market, our mass enablement programs. All of those are really pushing the former FIS in the mid-single digits, and we feel very confident that's going to continue across that base.

I think, Dave, when we start pulling the teams together and we started working on the -- when we started working on the various tracks, whether the business lines got together and start working on the revenue opportunities, and what we saw is the potential new product deployments across the various client bases. And even when we saw it across the -- on the operating side as well, we just started building a lot of confidence in our ground-up planning. When we come into announcement, we've done top-down due diligence based on experience. And based on what we saw during due diligence, we come into a synergy number. And that always gives us high confidence, and that we always have a -- we're always very good at exceeding those expectations. But then, as you build ground up, you really start gaining confidence on how you're thinking about what products, where the market opportunities are, what the cross-sell is, what's the total addressable market to address against that, and all of that has driven us a lot of confidence going into next year and delivering the revenue earlier than what we thought. We've also had great feedback from our clients. Both on the Worldpay and on the FIS side, our clients have been reaching out to us. They're excited about what this combination could mean for them. So all of those things come into play with why we're confident in the revenue synergies going forward.

I think the short term, what we're going to see, Jim, is, as Woody discussed in his prepared remarks, it's really our existing capabilities or Worldpay's existing capabilities and our ability to deliver that across our new combined client base. So early on, obviously, we'll be focusing on debit-routing initiatives. We talked a lot about that on the launch. We think there's some real opportunity to be gained there. When you start thinking about the data and analytics that Worldpay can do around merchants and merchants' portfolios to provide that access into -- that information to merchants, we were really nascent in that space over our merchant portfolio, so a real opportunity going that way. You see other areas where -- as you think about cross selling other opportunities on both sides, that will also step up. Longer term, we'll start seeing more pickup of merchant referral programs. We're going to start seeing more pickup of using our loyalty as a currency that we've talked about in the past and being able to deploy across that base. So we've got really a good line of sight into the revenue opportunities. The sales teams now post close are coming together and really building out all their go-to-market plans. Marketing has done a great job in letting them hit the ground running with launch materials on what we're going to be selling in those bases. So all of that's triggering a good, strong insight into our revenues side.

Jim, it's a good question. I mean everybody watches as interest rates go up and go down and what does this means for financial institutions. And clearly, as you're looking at interest rates being lowered, especially on a number of our customers, that will directly hit their net interest margin and therefore, hit their income. But what we're seeing, honestly, is what's going on in the industry, I think a lot of financial institutions, and we've talked about this on prior calls, they've really held on too long to their historical legacy technologies. And I think they're really in a mode now where they have to invest. And so what -- we've seen 6 consecutive quarters of very strong sales. We have a very full pipeline going in the back half of the year across all of our businesses, both Banking and Capital Markets and Merchant Solutions. So all of those things make us bullish and confident on the future. I don't think that banks are going to be able to pull back their spend in the short term because, at this point in time, they have to move to the next-generation platforms. They have to move to the cloud. They have to move to digital enablement in order to survive. And FIS is very well positioned to capture that -- those revenue opportunities as people are making next-generation decisions and really pushing in that direction.

Thank you, Ashwin. We appreciate it.

Well, why don't I start, Ashwin, and I'll let Woody chime in. I mean honestly, when you look at the operating synergies, the team just did an outstanding job refinancing Worldpay's debt, I mean, really generating over $100 million of savings there. So that's why, obviously, we needed to increase our $400 million target on that number going forward. Obviously, we got very high confidence in the operating synergies. As you know, we've historically exceeded those -- exceeded our synergy expectations by more than 30%. As you look at our revenue side, we're increasing the rate at which our revenue is on boarding. We've not extended beyond $500 million. I think we've just, to my points earlier, really are getting clearer line of sight of how those revenues are going to come onboard. So Woody talked about it, but I can't trivialize how hard the teams had worked between signing and close. If you look at all of the prepared information and do a combined call like this is, it's nothing short of amazing. But also, all of the business owners have really been doing deep dives week-in and week-out, building those plans around where we're going to tackle the expense side and the revenue side. So that's all -- that's really what's been the big change since our last public conversation about those topics. So high confidence on the $500 million. We see that revenue coming in earlier than what we originally expected, which is great. That will actually smooth that curve out some over the next 3 years. When you look at the operating expense, frankly, we want to make sure that everybody saw the interest savings that we did here and stay committed to the original guide on our OpEx, so that's why we raised that overall expense savings number. But we're very pleased at where we are at this point in time. The cultures of the companies have come together very well. I commented the landing of the leadership team from Worldpay in key positions in FIS was very important to me personally. So all of that just gives us a lot of confidence as we go into the back half of the year and into 2020.

Thanks, Dan. Appreciate it.

Yes. Yes, Dan. It's early. I've been -- as you would expect, I've already met with several of the largest Worldpay clients since close, so we've been real busy and engaged with that in those areas. Frankly, not seeing any concerns at this point in time. Frankly, when we look at the trends, they're very consistent across the board. We've modeled continued slowing in the U.K. due to Brexit. Obviously, we're not expecting any turnaround there. But our e-commerce volumes seem like they're performing well. Our same-store sales are growing well. And so all of those things would indicate we're pretty pleased with what we're seeing and that we feel very confident in the forecast.

Yes, Dan. Also, they are completely done with the U.S. consolidation movement, which is really positive. So just as we thought and we talked about in the announcement day, we felt very confident that not only the NAP program over in the U.K. was going very well. We also felt very confident in the U.S. and that U.S. platform has been consolidated now, so that's behind us.

Well, right now, I'm not seeing -- I mean it's a great question, Lisa. Right now, I'm not seeing any red flags. But with that being said, where I always spend most of my time in these very early days post close is with employees and clients. I've already been out on day of close, I met with 2 of the largest clients in Worldpay's portfolio. Right after this call, I'm on my way to London. We've already been in front of -- on a global town hall our employees because you want to make sure that everybody stays focused on our commitments, and that's something that I hit very strong, focus on the clients, make sure that we meet the expectations in the market. And then frankly, focus on sales. We just don't want anybody to get distracted. So early on, I'm focused there. I also spend a lot of time making sure that the cultures blend together. I talked about that in a minute -- earlier on the earlier call. These cultures are very aligned, which is great. But we will find subtle differences, and it's important to get those identified and get those perceived barriers or cultural barriers eliminated, so everybody can come together as a team. Landing the leadership team, as I talked about, was very important. So I feel great that we were able to do that between signing and close. So we've brought a lot of talent into FIS because of that. But right now, in the early days, that's where I'm focused. Obviously, that will shift very quickly to -- we are pivoting the growth here, and so we're going to have to shift very quickly in the next few weeks and really start focusing on go-to-market prospects, and I'll make sure that I'm getting engaged there as well. But Mark's doing of an excellent job. He's been with Worldpay for years. He really understands the business, and obviously, he's hitting the ground running, so -- but that's really where I'm focused on right now.

Well, you're going to see it through the revenue growth line. Obviously, you're going to see our organic growth rate accelerate, as we talked about, to approximately 7% next year. You're going to see it move beyond that to 8% and 9% in the years out. What we're doing, and we've already been doing it, we've got our teams together, our banking teams and our capital markets teams, sales teams and go-to-market teams together with our Worldpay teams. We've got -- in certain markets where we have huge presence, whether it's India, whether it's Brazil or whether it's Australia, we're getting those teams together. One of the things that's different about us is we're really a global company, but we have a local presence, which is very important. And us being able to leverage that local presence to make those introductions and accelerate change business for e-com penetration in those markets is going to be very important. So we're well down the path with those conversations today. Obviously, we're also doing steps to augment the product. We want to increase those authorization rates. We want to decrease those fraud rates. Really, we're already separate and apart with regards to e-commerce when you think about where the authorization rates are today. But how do we raise that 200, 300 basis points and really further distance us. So those 2 things will really help us accelerate into those new markets, and we're pretty excited about it. I think we'll have some really good traction. While we said, that's going to be later in the process, I think we'll have some -- we have potentially good -- some good, early wins here in the next 12 to 18 months.

Yes. Well, I think it's a great question. I saw the Nets announcement today. It looks like a good acquisition by Mastercard. A lot of people are focused on where faster payments is going, where -- how money movement is going to occur. We talk about it a lot. It's been a huge area of focus for us. We actually got into real-time payments now a little over 4 years ago with our Clear2Pay acquisition. That's gone very well. We're now in more than 20 countries running their real-time payment platforms today form on FIS software. When you look at what the Fed announced, didn't surprise me. It's logical that the Fed would also look to accelerate what they're doing in real-time payments. What I would tell you is those -- all those things create opportunities for FIS. So as money moves across the various channels, what's important to us is to make sure that we have the full breadth of capability to capture those payments as they move across various verticals. So as real-time payments accelerate, we're very well positioned to capture that volume. As e-commerce accelerates, we're very well positioned to capture those volumes. So we talked a lot about the breadth on a global basis across merchant, across banking, across capital markets. The other thing we have to realize is there is a breadth across our asset portfolio that really allows us to not be disintermediated as these new technologies roll on. So all of these announcements are just will long-term be positive things for FIS, as more and more money moves to various channels, so we can absolutely capture that and drive our revenue stream.

It's too early, Jason, to really talk about that at this point in time. I think Woody gave some insight into how we see the $400 million spreading. As we dig into these situations, we're very confident on the $400 million. We think in -- at FIS, we look across the full enterprise to make sure that we're taking advantage and getting the maximum leverage we have out of these combinations without damaging the business. Obviously, we want the -- we've said this a number of times, this is about pivoting to growth, accelerating our growth in the upper single digits and hopefully higher in the long term. So -- but we feel very good that a lot of those synergies will come out of the technology and business side but also the corporate side of FIS. But as we build into more of that, it's early. One of the things that we've always taken great pride in is being very transparent on where we are on synergies throughout the process. So as we get several quarters into this, we'll start giving more insight into where the majority of the synergies are -- we see are coming from or where we might see upside in any of those 3 areas.

And if you look on what they -- Shane and his team had another great quarter of cross-sells. We talked about it in the prepared remarks. I mean that really gives us strong confidence that he's going to continue -- he and his team are going to continue to execute. And based on what we're seeing in volumes and everything, there's just -- there's no indication that it should come off that guide.

Hey, Brett. Thank you.

I appreciate the question, Brett. As you know, when we announced that, that was a very long-term project -- program build. It is going very well. I would say we're in mid-innings to late innings. So we continue to -- the response has been terrific in market. We've actually made some announcements of key wins with some really early-stage innovators. We have now 1 in production on that platform. The product continues to be being built out on a modular basis. Obviously, we're doing it in a very agile, nimble way, launching from the ground up in the cloud. We're going to have some really nice announcements on that platform in the coming quarters, and we feel very good about that program.

Well, it's a great question, Brett. I tell you, Ido Gileadi, our global CIO, and his team have just done a phenomenal job with data center consolidation. We have over 80% of our digital applications now in the private cloud. We've launched -- we've announced publicly to our clients availability of less -- guaranteed of less than 15 minutes now, which the industry is at 24, in some instances, 48 hours. So it's really, really gone well. And so naturally, as we put these 2 technology groups together, that comes under common ownership within FIS. And naturally, those data centers will become part of the overall consolidation plan in the future. So we feel very confident. We've got a great team geared up. We're well -- we're 3 years into this program. You're seeing the benefits drop to our bottom line. And we'll just keep the team now churning as we bring these groups together. So we have very high confidence on execution. We have very high confidence in taking advantage of the next-generation technologies, and they'll be a key contributor to our synergy saves.

Thanks, George.

Well, let me first start with the integrated side. Honestly, it still continues to be strong. We continue to win new business. We actually think there's increased opportunity with the combination just given our size and sales, scale and reach. So we're very excited about integrated and how that business performs. We've talked a number of times on the call. Shane's really been very strong on the overall e-commerce side. So we don't see any issues. Frankly, as you talk about changes, typically, change is our -- is the benefactor to us. I mean it's the same way Worldpay is. We talked -- what's interesting about the businesses is when we see any kind of regulatory change or any kind of change whatsoever, we typically see that convert into a tailwind for FIS. And so we're confident that our growth rates are going to continue to be strong.

Sales continues to be strong in that area, George. I mean when you look at the historical backlogs and you look where backlogs are today and you look at the execution, we'll continue to go through a little bit of volatility noise just on that movement from license, on premise to outsourcing, and we'll continue to see that. But honestly, from an execution standpoint, our ability to take share, the teams are delivering very nicely against those sales. So we're -- we feel good about that business going forward.

Well, I think 2 things, Darrin. What's really changed is, honestly, if you look, we're well positioned in the larger financial institutions around the world, right? So whether you look at the mid-tier or large financial institutions, FIS is well positioned. If you look at that client base specifically, they really have held on to their technology investment way too long. Look at SunTrust and BB&T coming together, all about scale to drive innovation. So you're just seeing in that secular market an increased spend rate around technologies. And they're focusing on a number of different things. They're focusing on digital enablement of their capabilities where they're really going -- trying to go to next-generation omnichannel capabilities. Obviously, we're a leader in that space with our Digital One application. If you look at some of the things that Brett talked about -- asked about on Stephens, where you're even looking at componentizations and how do I move my legacy technology from some of these applications that have been in place for 30 or 40 years, how do I really move on to a next-generation cloud-based platform. All of these things are just driving an increased spend rate. And when you look at 6 quarters in of really strong sales, it just gives us high confidence that's going to continue. We've got a number of significant opportunities in flight, pipeline's very full, teams really engaged. And so I think timing is just really working in favor of FIS, giving where we're positioned in market, giving the type of clients we have, also giving where we've made investments. We started these investments on cloud-based technologies 4-plus years ago. We started these investments on next-generation applications 4 years ago. And all of that's really accelerated to our benefit as our customers look to modernize and transform themselves.

Yes. Keep in mind, Darrin, I mean, as you think about new sales across e-commerce, very similar to the FIS business in banking, can be a long sales cycle, but it also can be a fairly lengthy implementation cycle, right? You've got to integrate the software into the e-commerce environment. They're going to actually slowly start moving volume over. So the ramp really you start seeing in 2020. But as Woody shared earlier, we still feel very confident about the back half of the year and what we're seeing in those current growth rates. So really, sales, as we talked about it in these quarters, are really indicative of what it's going to look like 3 and 4 quarters out.

Yes. No, we talked about it. We really think that we're going to start seeing some revenue benefit here very early in the process, and so that gives us high confidence as we guided in 2020. They're really start pushing towards 7%. And we've got really good line of sight into those -- some of those topics we discussed on prior calls and today.

Yes. No, Ramsey, we think there could be a real opportunity there. Obviously, when you start talking about long-term combination of the company and some opportunities that might exist, that's one of them that we're looking at. But we're not really prepared to talk about that today.

Thanks for joining us today. We are thrilled with this combination. Worldpay is a respected global brand with the best-in-class executive team and over 8,000 talented employees. They have a loyal and extensive client base and partner network who represent some of the most successful businesses in the industry. This, combined with our profitable and very predictable financial institution business, banking and capital markets, all aimed at the heart of commerce and the financial transactions that power the world's digital economy, makes us a powerful combination. We are grateful to all our loyal clients who depend on us to keep their businesses running and growing every day.
Finally, I am personally thankful for our now 55,000 leaders and employees for their hard work and dedication in serving our clients. FIS is dedicated to advancing the way the world pays, banks and invests. Thank you for joining us today.