Thank you, Pete. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I am very pleased to announce today that FIS delivered a very strong quarter and start to the year, exceeding our revenue, profitability and earnings expectations and delivering exceptional margin expansion. Based on these results and a robust forecast, Woody will be increasing our EPS guidance for the full year.  
Top line growth was driven by balanced execution across our IFS and GFS segments. Key factors include the sales momentum we have been discussing for the past several quarters, the continued expansion of existing client relationships, growth of our clients through higher volumes of transactions and accounts and new client logos. We continue to be pleased by the accelerating market momentum globally for our products and services. 
Turning to Slide 5. In the quarter, revenue increased over 3% to $2.1 billion. We expanded EBITDA margins by 340- basis points, and adjusted earnings per share grew 33% to $1.09 per share. We delivered these strong results for continued execution of our strategic plan, investing for growth in our focus areas and driving increased efficiency within our operations. We have capitalized on our year-end sales momentum by successfully turning demand into closed deals and further expanding our strong pipeline. 
Our Integrated Financial Solutions segment drove top line organic revenue growth of more than 3% for the quarter. Q1 sales were robust, building on the momentum we experienced in the previous quarter. Demand remains strong for our retail banking, wealth and digital solutions. Outsourced solution deployments in key business verticals were particularly strong in the quarter, and we saw increase in user adoption and transaction volume growth across our digital banking platforms. 
Our GFS segment delivered top line organic growth of over 5% for the quarter. Growth across the segment was fueled by a diverse mix of license revenue from global institutions, especially within the capital market offerings, as well as higher processing and transaction volumes across multiple businesses. Core banking, buy-side and post-trade processing drove especially strong results. Margin expansion was exceptional this quarter at 650- basis points, driven by growth in our high-margin IP-based offerings and through the positive impact from divestitures of  lower-margin and nonstrategic businesses. 
Going forward, we're disclosing a new revenue backlog metric which provides insight into the total revenue under contract. We entered this year with a revenue backlog of about $19.5 billion, speaking to the strong forward visibility. Woody will provide additional insights. 
Turning to Slide 6. We continue to execute on strategic actions that reinforce our plan to drive transformational results for clients and FIS. This includes executing on our significant investment in continuously modernizing our offerings to meet client demand and drive our near- and long-term growth. Some of the capabilities we will be delivering in market for 2018 include: bringing new core banking capabilities to market that are built on cloud-based technology with common, reusable components which deliver speed, agility and efficiency for clients; consolidating payment platforms into our unified payment solution that delivers a consistent modern user experience across all payment transaction types; delivering our integrated omnichannel DIGITAL ONE strategy that provides modernized digital banking experiences complete with personalization, mobility and social engagement capabilities; bringing our next-generation post-trade solution to market, tripling processing power and performance; continuously adding new APIs to our very robust online gateway, Code Connect, which offers nearly 1,300 APIs for financial services; and deploying more than 50% of our solutions into the FIS private cloud environment. 
Proof that these investments are creating strong interest and demand, 3 weeks ago, we hosted more than 3,000 clients, prospects and partners at one of our large annual client events. This venue provided the platform for our clients to learn more about our strategy and modernization investments and get hands-on with nearly 170 solutions that provide proof of the investments we are making to help them modernize for their future. Feedback from our clients has been overwhelmingly positive, and results of the conference show a strong increase in demand for our solutions. 
This feedback, coupled with our strong first quarter results and robust pipeline, underscores our confidence in our strategy and investment decisions and gives us clear line of sight into our ability to deliver on our 2018 goals and beyond, which are to: innovate for long-term growth, drive strong sales with competitively differentiated solutions and build on our global scale. We remain very confident in the value we're delivering for our clients and believe that will continue to translate into strong returns for our shareholders. 
Woody will now provide additional detail on the financial results for the quarter and full year. Woody?

Yes. No, I'll start David and let Woody add. We had a very strong Q1 across the board. We had really good sales in Q4. It came into Q1 and had really good sales in Q1 as well. As we've talked in prior and the call, that gives us confidence for the back half of the year because most of our sales -- as you know, there's a long sales cycle, and then there's a long onboarding cycle. But we also had some nice license deals out of GFS that the team did an excellent job on in banking and payments in various regions. We continue to see good, strong momentum on our synergies while we finish the overall SunGard synergy program. We had not completely finished all of the programs we've had lined up. So we've actually -- we're onboarding some of those through the back half of last year and into this year, and that's generating results on the margin. So really, just across the board, we just had a really good quarter. Woody talked about our transaction volumes that were improving in Q1 as well. And all of that just translates into very high -- higher revenue than we expected at very nice margins.

Well, let me talk about it from a sales channel. We're very pleased where the institutional and wholesale team is executing. We've had really good, strong demand for sales across those product lines. As we've talked in the past, David, we're seeing a lot of those customers, especially Tier 1 institutions, where they've built a lot of those capabilities in-house, they're now looking to lower their total cost of ownership. You've seen the growth in our utility and post trade, but you also see good strong license sales and also SaaS model sales across that group. So it's really being driven by market conditions with just a lot of disparate capabilities. And we saw all this in some of our due diligence, but it's really nice to see it coming forward through the sales channel. And people are just looking for more effective ways to really pull together the front, middle and back office with capabilities that lower overall cost of ownership. So sales has been strong. You do get some lumpiness in the institutional and wholesale business because of the license fee nature, although we are pushing more and more to a SaaS model that will level that out over time. But we're very pleased with the growth rates in I&W, and we're continuing to see very strong demand in the pipeline. And the teams doing an excellent job executing against that pipeline and closing business.

Well, at times, we can be a little more conservative. We saw good, strong demand in Q4, but, frankly, 1 quarter doesn't make a difference for us. We've now had 2 really strong sales quarters in a row, which gives us -- frankly, does make us lean in a little more to market conditions and seeing them improve. The pipeline -- looking forward into Q2, we feel good about our sales momentum going into Q2 and what the pipeline looks like there. So I do think, right now, demand in the markets are improving.

Yes. We haven't necessarily disclosed the exact revenue of digital. It's been a very, very strong grower for us over the years. As I've just talked about in my prepared remarks, we're rolling out our new DIGITAL ONE capabilities, which is really an omnichannel approach to digital and, frankly, will be our third-generation digital that we've been -- deployed since -- dating all the way back to 2008. We continue to see very strong demand across our client base. We've disclosed on prior calls more than 40 million consumers running, for example, our mobile banking app. But we think it's going to be a continued strong grower for us for the foreseeable future. Digital has really now moved beyond just the mobile banking experience and really has moved across true omnichannel. And we're excited about this next-generation capabilities we're rolling out, and that's a great opportunity for us to upsell our existing clients but also continue to take market share with our leading capabilities.

Well, for us, when we think about -- when we think across our various verticals that we're serving, retail banking, payments, institutional and wholesale, from a true product gap trying to fill, I would say we've got very little gaps there. You've seen us fill a few over the last several years. We made an investment, for example, in wealth management. We did something with Clear2Pay on real-time payments. But honestly, we feel very good about the portfolio. One of the things we'll be talking about next week in the investor update is really line of sight, and you're hearing us talk about some of the new capabilities we're bringing to market, which will allow us to consolidate, frankly, in some instances, 2, 3, 4 platforms down to 1 next-generation capability. From a scale standpoint, we do feel that scale is always important. And while we have tremendous scale, especially in the processing world, as we talked about our revenue backlog today, we would -- we'd be interested in adding scale across any of those 3 verticals, if it made sense for our shareholders and for the company.

Yes. Jim, it's a great question. We're not forecasting a drop in consolidation in the industry. We think the consolidation will stay steady, although with me talking to clients as much as I do, a consistent theme are valuations are getting expensive, right? So as people look at their various opportunities to do acquisitions, that will come into play. But we do think, through 2018, we'll see fairly consistent consolidation in the industry. From a demand standpoint, I do see increased demand. We're seeing it in our sales channel on closing. Frankly, we run multiple, large user conferences just given the size of our company. We just completed, as I said, 3 weeks ago, our first one. We've got our next one coming up in another 3 weeks. In both of those, enrollment was up tremendously year-over-year, which also shows that banks are willing to start spending more discretionary dollars on travel to actually get exposed to new capabilities. So there's a couple of things that would indicate demand is definitely growing over the last 2 quarters, and we're seeing that push into the second quarter as well. So Woody and I are pretty confident in the remainder of the year that, that demand is going to continue. But we also think that you'll continue to see some fairly significant consolidation going on in the industry, assuming valuations don't just continue to rise at a too high of a rate.

Well, we're confident that we can do M&A activity and drive tremendous shareholder value, as indicated by the SunGard acquisition. But what I'd share with you is we also are a mature buyer. In other words, we could look -- we can look across retail banking, we can look across payments, we can look across institutional and wholesale, and there would be certain opportunities in any of those 3 verticals that could make sense. The valuations are high. I'm probably not telling you anything you don't know. So for us, we're very confident in our strategy we have. We're very confident on our increasing organic growth and expanding our margins. So -- but if an opportunity presented itself that made sense, that brought us a new product or capability to one of those existing verticals or broke us into an adjacent market we found interesting and we could do that and really return a lot of value to our shareholders, we'd consider it.

Yes. Keep in mind, our IFS business has a much higher reoccurring revenue rate, right? So as you think about it, it really is that revenue under contract based on the remaining term of the agreement and onboarding. But to Woody's point, it really onboards in that backlog very similar with the reoccurring revenue rate at the various segments.

Yes. Glenn, it's a great question. And honestly, we're seeing good, strong pull-through across a number of our verticals. We're pretty excited about all the new capabilities. Over the last 3 years, when you -- we were doing a lot of integration work on SunGard, but we were also doing a lot of innovation work around new capabilities. And a lot of that's coming on to the -- coming into market in 2018. So we've seen really nice growth across our digital channels, both in volume but also in sales momentum. We're seeing a lot of our -- several of our back-office services as people are trying to drive costs out of their businesses and lower their overall total cost of ownership, seeing nice growth there. As we move over into GFS, we saw -- we're seeing good demand on our new core capabilities, especially in some very large institutions and seeing good traction around some of those components and driving those into market. We've talked about -- on several questions today about the  strength across institutional and wholesale. So it's really a nice blend, and that's one of the things that we always felt great about FIS, is we have such a diverse product portfolio. Our clients -- various -- our clients are investing in various areas based on their needs. And given our capabilities and strength of our capabilities, we can participate in those engagements.

Well, I think, if there would be something that's really standing out, I would try to make some of those comments, George. We've talked a lot about domestically, in community banking, this need to outsource virtually 100% of their capabilities on a SaaS model. What we're seeing, especially in the larger banks and regional banks, both domestically and internationally, and I mentioned this in my prepared remarks, we continue to see an increased demand for SaaS in those markets as well. And one of the things that I've been surprised by, we continue to talk about that, but the size of institution that's willing to consider outsourcing a product -- whether it's debit or credit processing, whether it's core banking, whether it's institutional and wholesale, post trade, we continue to see a stronger increased demand in those outsourcing trends, which gives us a lot of confidence. Now in the short term, George, as you expect, especially in that GFS market, we have more license fees. So there's a balance. As people move more to the SaaS model, we could see some lumpiness and actually some pullback in our license fees, but we're very pleased by that trend. Obviously, as our reoccurring revenue continues to go up in GFS, that will raise the overall reoccurring revenue of the company, which certainly gives us much, much higher visibility, not only into our quarters but into multiple years out in our backlog, et cetera. So I would say that's the thing that probably is standing out the most for me, and we just continue to see that trend accelerate in the last several quarters.

I think it's still a competitive marketplace no matter what market we're participating in. I think we've talked, in quarters in the past, we might run into different competitors between -- depending on the geographic region or the particular product line. But as I've also shared, we've got extremely competitive products, and we're competing very well in the market. And our sales teams are executing very well. We continue to invest behind our sales force and grow the sales force in our various geographic and market regions, and that's obviously going to continue to pay benefits as well as we onboard additional sales reps and get them up to speed. But I would say we've not seen any change in the competitive environment to speak of, and -- but our products just continue to perform very well in market.

I really do see -- we've talked about a lot on this call we really are seeing just increased demand in market. I mean, Q4 was a strong sales quarter for us pretty much across the board. Q1 was a strong sales quarter for us across the board. Pipeline continues to grow and have good velocity. Interesting, on our user conferences, with the increase in participation, typically, that's the very first thing that's cut, is travel when people are really curtailing expenses. And so we're seeing nice increase across all of our major conferences. So all those would be good indicators for me that demand is growing, and we feel it's going to continue. Because people are really entering into -- as you guys know, our contracts are long term in nature -- and so typically, the sales cycle is anywhere from 6 to 12 months, probably closer to the 12 months in duration. Our onboarding times are in a similar range. So these are big strategic commitments our clients are making to purchase mission-critical, IP-centric capabilities. And so we feel good about it.

Thank you for joining us today and for your ongoing interest in FIS. We are pleased to start the year with a quarter of strong revenue, profitability, performance and earnings growth. Importantly, we are pleased to have a robust pipeline that positions us for another year of strong results. 
I look forward to sharing additional details about our accelerating growth plans and multiyear outlook when we convene at The St. Regis in New York City next week for our 2018 Investor Day. Joining Woody and me for a strategic update will be Marianne Brown, Chief Operating Officer of our Global Financial Solutions business; and Bruce Lowthers, Chief Operating Officer of our Integrated Financial Solutions business. 
In closing, I'd like to thank our loyal clients who depend on and trust us to keep their businesses running and growing every day. I'd also like to thank our leaders and employees for their hard work and dedication in serving our clients. It is because of both that FIS continues to empower the financial world. Thank you for joining us today.