Thanks, Nate. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our second quarter results exceeded expectations across the board and demonstrate the continued success of our pivot to growth strategy that we laid out before the pandemic.
Revenue of $3.5 billion was the highest quarterly revenue in our company's history. Revenue increased more than $500 million or 17% year-over-year, and adjusted EPS grew 40%. Sales results, which were the strongest in our company's history, are being driven because our solutions remain in high demand, enabling businesses of all sizes to advance the way the world pays, banks and invest.
This demand, combined with our organizational focus on delivering broader value to our clients, was also reflected in a very strong cross sales, driving our largest revenue synergy quarter-to-date, increasing our run rate by 50% or $150 million sequentially to $450 million. This sales execution, in turn, drove a $1.5 billion increase to our backlog, which is now greater than $22 billion. Our strong execution is driving us to raise both our 2021 guidance and increase our year-end revenue synergy target to $700 million.
In addition, as we consider client demand across our portfolio of solutions, we are extending our midterm outlook of 7% to 9% revenue growth through 2024. I want to thank and recognize our colleagues around the globe for their continued hard work and dedication. They are our most important asset and play a vital role in advancing the commerce and financial technology that keeps thousands of clients up and running and the economy moving today.
Turning to Slide 6, I'd like to highlight a few recent wins that demonstrate FIS' differentiation. Clients are increasingly demanding access to new capabilities that are outside of their traditional solution set so they can innovate in new and interesting ways. We have the unique ability to serve our clients horizontally across the breadth of financial technology with integrated cloud-native platforms.
Further, our open APIs are resilient and easy to use as clients expand their relationships with FIS. Our sales success with the Modern Banking Platform demonstrates its client demand as they look to differentiate with cloud-native capabilities. This quarter, we delivered the largest release since the start of MBP, including expansion of commercial deposit functionality as well as new enhancements to our lending module.
As we have previously discussed, one of the exciting opportunities with the current MBP clients is an ongoing ability to cross-sell additional functionality and modules. This quarter, we had our first cross-sell to American Express who added a new checking account feature to their deployment. This is a great example of our ability to land large, complex clients and the value of our modern platform. As we continue to add functionality, clients continue adopting these new capabilities to grow their businesses, which drives additional revenue for FIS and expands these important relationships.
Fifth Third Bank provides a second key example of the ways we grow our strategic relationships. Fifth Third is a long-time client who is on a journey to reengineer its technical infrastructure with a focus on resiliency and scale. This quarter, they expanded their relationship with us to replace their legacy in-house core with the Modern Banking Platform and their legacy wealth management system with FIS Unity.
Unity is our leading-edge global wealth management system and will provide rich data and insights for Fifth Third's customers throughout their wealth journey. It incorporates automated cash management, multi-currency and other advanced wealth management functionality in a flexible design that is fully integrated with FIS Trust Accounting. 
T. Rowe Price provides yet another example of an industry leader looking to FIS to help them modernize their 401(k) retirement offering with advanced technology. This landmark win will lay the foundation for other large asset managers to utilize FIS as they look to leverage our scale and expertise in the retirement space.
In addition, PayPal and Chevron both expanded their relationships with us to begin utilizing our cloud-enabled payment switching capabilities. And finally, WesBanco joined our merchant referral network in order to upgrade to our leading acquiring technology. As we continue to innovate, our integrated cloud-native ecosystem creates a powerful network effect that empowers our clients to transform and grow.
On Slide 7, I want to highlight another important win. I'm pleased to announce that Walmart will begin utilizing our innovative loyalty network, Premium Payback, for both in-store and e-commerce transactions. The value proposition for this solution is exceptional, driving positive outcomes for our merchants, issuers and the end consumer.
In other retail locations where we have rolled out the solution, we are seeing consumers accept Premium Payback's offer to pay with points approximately 50% of the time when they are prompted. Both our merchant and our issuer clients are increasingly eager to participate. And we expect adoption to continue to ramp as we implement the solution with all the innovative clients shown on the slide as well as more in the future. Premium Payback is a clear example of the network effect that we've created by integrating issuing and acquiring.
Turning to Slide 8. We invest heavily in new solutions and capabilities with the belief that the market is changing in how it consumes technology and looking for cloud-native architectures. The revenue contribution from solutions developed over the past 3 years continues to grow as a percent of our total revenue mix, up from less than 1% in 2019 to over 4% in 2021. This rapid growth is driven by our ability to cross-sell new solutions into our existing client base as well as adjacent verticals which increases our total addressable market.
New solutions also contribute meaningfully to our total revenue growth with contribution increasing from less than 1% in 2019 to more than 2% in total revenue growth in 2021. Looking forward, we expect new solutions to drive up to 3 points of incremental growth each year, supporting our outlook for 7% to 9% revenue growth through the midterm. At this point, a strong commitment to innovation is embedded in our culture and will continue to drive growth for years to come.  
I will conclude my prepared remarks with Slide 9 before handing the call to Woody. We are at the forefront of the industry with the broadest collection of cloud-native solutions available. We remain uniquely positioned to serve domestic and multinational merchants who are looking for a single trusted provider for all of their acquiring needs. We solve our clients' most complex problems ranging from global acquiring for their e-commerce business to treasury and cash management with our innovative Quantum software.
Further, on the right side of the page, we show our unique bundle of cloud-native solutions for financial institutions that demonstrate our ability to innovate at scale. Lastly, we highlight a few examples of innovative solutions that create compelling value propositions for both merchant and FIS clients in the center of the page.
Clearly, the investments we've made, enduring the pandemic and driving differentiated outcomes for our clients and for us, and we continue to make these investments today in order to power future growth. It's why we are confident in our forward momentum to drive strong 7% to 9% revenue growth through 2024.  
I'll now turn the call over to Woody to discuss our financial results and forward guidance. Woody?

Yes. Sure, absolutely.

Yes. As far as the Square acquisition of Afterpay, when we think of buy now, pay later, David, it's just another payment type for us. It's another unsecured lending mechanism. Obviously, we're enabling buy now, pay later in our largest merchants. We're doing it through partnerships because we don't want to take the credit exposure risk that comes with that. But frankly, we feel very comfortable not only competing in the national markets, but as we push down market into the SMB verticals, you're starting to see we're coming off record growth over the last 2 quarters in our merchant sales as we've now retooled our sales force and increased that and started pushing down market.
But clearly, we've got the most extensive capabilities in the merchant acquiring space today, and you're seeing that growth across our large enterprise, our large nationals, our multinationals, and that's playing to our strength in our sales results. But at this point in time, our view on buy now, pay later is just that, another payment type that we're going to accept. We'll make sure that we have that available to our customers if they want to offer that, but we're going to minimize taking the credit exposure.

Yes. Look, Jason, we've always had transformational M&A in our strategy. We continue to look for opportunities that bring us a new capability or a new service in existing market or adjacencies. The team is doing an excellent job of delivering new product out of our engineering group. And you're seeing the results of that contribute to our accelerated revenue growth. 
Will we do additional M&A in the future? Absolutely. Things are expensive. Right now, we continue to see the intrinsic value of our stock is undervalued. And so obviously, we're very focused on share buybacks and deploying free cash flow in that manner, but we're not opposed to doing M&A activity if it fits our strategy and fills in a gap in our overall capability.
Right now, we feel very good about our competitive position of product set. You're seeing it come through in our sales results. I mean second quarter was the largest sales record for us across the board. Across Capital Markets, across Banking, across Merchant, we hit record numbers for that from the sales in the existing quarter. So we feel really good about the strength of our position and where we're -- the demand for our products and services in market, but M&A will always continue to be something that we evaluate and look at. If it makes sense, then we'll execute.

Yes. No, it's a great question. Yes, it's a great question. It's really coming across the board. I mean you're seeing us succeed our cross-sales and revenue synergies with the Worldpay integration. We're real pleased on that, with the acceleration, and Woody highlighted a number of those products. But we're also seeing great adoption of our new product and innovation capabilities. Modern Banking Platform is up over 50%. You're seeing our issuer business with PaymentsOne up substantially. You'd look at what we've done in Capital Markets about end-to-end solutioning across the front, middle and back office, and you're seeing accelerated revenue growth there in Capital Markets as well.
So when we look at sales holistically, as I said, all 3 segments were up, had a record quarter from a sales perspective. But it really was -- it was new logo sales actually gaining share and taking share. It was cross-sells to existing customers of new product capabilities we're delivering to market or cross-selling existing products and then revenue synergies across the Worldpay integration efforts. So couldn't be more pleased with our sales channel.
And as I point out, you guys have seen this, we've now had multiple years of record sales and seeing that demand continue to accelerate. So that's what has us so bullish on the future of FIS. And you've seen the growth rates across all 3 segments consistently trend up as well. And now that the global pandemic, we're starting to see opening, obviously, in the U.S., Europe is lagging a little bit there and Asia, but as you're starting to see reopening, you'll just continue to see more accelerated growth going forward.

Yes. No, there's 2 points. Yes, no, it's a great question. Two points on the banking backlog in Q3. We don't need a lot of sales to hit that Q3 number. It really is backlog. You saw the backlog increased 8% which is, I think, on memory, one of the largest increases we've seen of that backlog. It's certainly the largest the backlog has been. So the team is doing a great job of delivering new capabilities. We've now got 6 of our clients on MBP in production. So you get a ramp effect of that going into that and also the new products and capabilities we're selling. But it's really just in delivery of that backlog into Q3. And so that just goes to show as that backlog builds, you're going to see a consistent ramp across that Banking segment.
When you look at Fifth Third, it's a substantial increase for us in contract value and the relationship because keep in mind, a number of those capabilities, they're going off in-house systems to our systems in a fully outsourced manner. And so for us, we see a significant step function as we deliver those capabilities and then start recognizing that revenue through the processing channel. So it's a great relationship we've had with Fifth Third for a very long time. So we're excited about expanding this and excited about helping them re-architect their technology stack for the future.

Yes, the success.

Yes. Darrin, I'll add, too, we've seen yield dynamics were positive as we see volumes and reopenings happen. The international business is reopening, but lagging the U.S. in terms of timing. So we think that's a tailwind in the back half of the year. Discretionary verticals are also improving as we've seen in both restaurant being up very sharply, both domestically and internationally. We really haven't seen any attrition. And our actual merchant count is up year-over-year and about 5% up sequentially during the second quarter.
So you add the sales, you add the merchant count, you add the outlook in terms of the yield benefit and the volume expectations, we feel really good about the back half of the year being in that mid to high teens. Further, we saw July improving compared to June, and it's in line with our 3Q guidance that we just put out and generally in line with the networks as well. And then the international business is trending a little higher than the U.S. in terms of volume improvement in July. So you add all those things together, that's how we think about mid- to high-teens growth compared to 2019, both Q3 and Q4.

Well, I think the nature of our business, Darrin, we've talked about this a lot, it's such -- it's so highly reoccurring in nature. And when you look at the backlog, you look at the acceleration of $22 billion, you look at the pipeline, you look at record signings in Q2 following record signings in Q1, followed by a record year last year in sales, you look at the delivery channel of what we're onboarding, you look at the trend and the recovery going on, I mean, we feel very confident in extending to 7% to 9% in growth and look at accelerating further beyond that.
You've got capital markets that we used to look as a low single-digit grower. You're seeing that move into, what, 6% organic growth this quarter. You're now in the mid-single digits. You're going to see Capital Markets, given its sales success, trend towards the upper single digits. Banking is getting well established in the upper single digits, given its backlog and given its sales success. And then you look at the strength of the Merchant portfolio and the recovery, I mean we had strong recovery across every one of the verticals we participate in. Our sales were strong across all those verticals as well. The yield dynamics have recovered from where we -- just as we said they would, back to kind of 2019 levels. 
So all of that comes together. We just got a lot of confidence that the engine is running very well and the growth aspects, just booking the historical sales to date will continue to propel us into that 7% to 9% range through 2024. Now obviously, we look at the pipeline as well. We've got a lot of confidence in what we're seeing shaping up in Q3, Q4 and into next year. So all of those things are just driving us to extend the long term -- the midterm outlook.

I think we positioned -- Dave, it's a great question. I think we've positioned in banking and, frankly, capital markets for the last several quarters. We're really at an inflection point for the industry. A lot of those technologies are legacy -- what people call legacy-based technologies. They're at -- they're in very old architectures. They're trying to respond and becoming more nimble and take cost out and getting more digitally native. And that's where that plays to the strength of FIS. We started this transformation almost now 4 years ago. Bruce mentioned a number of the products we're bringing online, Modern Banking Platform, Digital One, PaymentsOne, the list goes on and on and on in banking, and you're seeing a high demand for that.
So we're taking share from traditional in-house where large -- very large financial institutions actually built their own systems or leveraged some type of off-shoring capability to build their own through some augmentation or just running a very old piece of technology that's been in existence for decades. And so they're now reaching in and taking advantage of some of our modern architectures and doing it through our cloud because of all the investments that we've made in cloud-based technologies. And all of that really is timing us very well for this inflection point. So we feel very confident that we're just getting started on what I've described as a journey over the next decade, and FIS is exceptionally well positioned to take advantage of that globally and will.

Thank you.

It's a great question, George. I would say that our Merchant businesses, we're seeing good acceleration there. The team has done a very nice job of expanding the sales team and the technology stack and starting to push in the markets that Worldpay traditionally didn't play in. We're starting to see a nice acceleration there. So we expect that segment in the coming years to be a consistent double-digit performer on organic growth, which used to perform below that historically. 
When you look at the Banking business, I would say the Banking business is operating the way we thought it would. We've had good line of sight in that for a number of years of our investments. And we're seeing that actually kind of hit the numbers exactly where we projected and realizing that we were expecting some big ramps and big ramps through the sales initiatives. So we made a lot of investments there, and that business has been fundamentally transformed. And so we're seeing the results that we had hoped for.
Capital Markets actually has improved over what we thought. We traditionally thought when we bought Capital Markets, there was a strong position to expand there. We saw the ability to bring solutions to market, not just products, move beyond the licensing business into an outsourcing business. And we thought if we did that, we were conservative and thought mid- to low-single-digits organic growth there. And what we've seen is that business has transformed actually faster. And the demand for our front, middle and back-office solutioning, the new investments we made around RegTech and some of the higher growth areas of that market have really paid big dividends. And so now we're seeing that move much closer to the Banking business. So I think that's going to continue to accelerate for us. And that's why we think the 7% to 9% is very -- we're very confident in executing in that range for the coming years and look forward to continuing execution.

We do feel good, Ashwin, long term. Even in the out years, we've talked about 7% to 9%. But we've got consistent margin expansion built into our models in the out years as well. I mean the contribution margins of these new sales come on, as we've talked about in the past, they come on in very high margins. Bruce has talked about our ramp and investment in new products. And obviously, we continue to do that to continue to bring new product capability to continue to increase our overall growth rates. But we feel very good about where our margins are today. We'll have really strong margin expansion for the full year this year. Also highlights just how well we're doing with operating synergies and all of the revenue growth. So that will continue as we push into the out years with margin expansion in the midterm guidance we gave each year.

Ashwin, we don't comment on rumors, as you know. But what I would tell you is we've always had a strong viewpoint as part of our strategy is to continue to look at our portfolio and make sure that our portfolio of assets make sense for our long-term strategy. We signaled recently that we pushed some things into our other segment as nonstrategic. Would we divest things in the portfolio, don't fit our overall strategy? We've done that historically when you think about what we did years ago with our health care business and our public sector business. But typically, as I said, we signaled, as we move things into the other category, things that we are considering as nonstrategic, but we really don't comment on rumors on divestitures or acquisitions for that matter.

Thank you.

Thank you again for joining us this morning. And thank you to our dedicated colleagues who continue to show their commitment to providing world-class technology solutions for our clients so that they can stay ahead of the curve. This commitment will lay the foundation for our growth in 2021 and beyond. If you have any further questions that were not addressed on this call, please reach out to our Investor Relations team. Thank you, and goodbye.