Thanks, Nate, and thank you for joining us. Our third quarter results demonstrate continued strength of execution across the company, with revenue growing 10% to reach $3.5 billion. Margins expanded 270 basis points to exceed 45%, and adjusted EPS increased 22% to $1.73 per share. 
We continue to see elevated demand across our solution portfolio, with sales execution driving a 7% organic increase in our $22 billion backlog across banking and capital markets. Revenue synergies related to our Worldpay integration increased to $150 million in the quarter, bringing the total to $600 million on an annual run rate basis. We remain on schedule to exceed $700 million exiting this year, beating our original target by 40%, while accomplishing this feat a year early. 
Our cost synergies tell a similar story, increasing to $875 million in the quarter and on schedule to exit the year around $900 million. This is inclusive of approximately $500 million in operational expense as we look to conclude our Worldpay integration well ahead of schedule. 
In the quarter, new wins across a wide range of clients illustrate that our strategy is working and gives us confidence in our growth. In Banking, these include another 2 modern banking platform wins, including one with PayPal. PayPal will utilize the Modern Banking Platform to enable their new high-yield savings account. These new wins continue to demonstrate the versatility of our new cloud-native software. 
Turning to our Merchant segment. We continue to build on its differentiated global e-commerce offering. Our extensive global reach is a significant differentiator for us. We operate in 146 countries, accounting for 126 different currencies and support more than 300 alternative payment methods. This allows us to remove complexity and cost, while increasing authorization rates for multinational enterprises like Microsoft, who recently expanded our relationship from a single region to now span the globe. 
Our ability to offer sophisticated capabilities and rapidly expand into emerging new verticals also differentiates FIS. For example, we continue to build a strong foundation in crypto, signing Crypto.com, this quarter. We won this business by demonstrating authorization rates that are far superior to their incumbent provider. 
We also expanded our global travel and airlines market share, winning Allegiant as an impressive new domestic carrier. 
In Capital Markets, Citi is the latest example of a client transitioning from legacy in-house to a fully outsourced solution with FIS, while another innovative technology company will leverage 7 of our capabilities to help power their digital registered investment advisory solution. We cannot be happier with the significant growth the team is driving out of our Capital Markets segment. Our solutions are highly differentiated and proven throughout the industry. 
It's important to note that our new wins across all our segments include financial institutions, domestic and multinational merchants as well as leading technology companies and innovative fintechs. Few other companies can provide such a complementary set of solutions. I am proud of our team for their ongoing dedication to our clients and for delivering another strong performance this quarter. 
Turning to Slide 6. While our team continues to execute at a very high level, our share price is clearly not performing well. Over the last few months, our management team engaged in open and constructive dialogue with the investment community about areas where we can improve the messaging and transparency of our business. We believe in the strength and value of our company. And on today's call, we will directly address the 3 most common questions we heard.  
I'll begin by providing an update on our leading competitive position as well as our capital allocation strategy to sustain and accelerate growth. Woody will then provide a deep dive into the Merchant segment after he recaps the quarter's financial performance. 
The bear case assumes that FIS is standing still or unable to compete, and this is definitely not the case. We anticipated the changing competitive landscape and invested heavily in technology and innovation over the last 5 years. Ours is a durable business model, and FIS will remain a global leader with sustainable competitive advantages now and into the future. Therefore, we will continue to provide additional clarity as needed to ensure that our shareholders properly understand our business, strategy and the true value of FIS. 
Turning to Slide 7. FIS has the best collection of assets in the industry. Banking and Capital Markets generate approximately 2/3 of our revenue mix, with exclusive long-term contracts and deep client relationships covering mission-critical applications needed to operate our clients' businesses. These segments grew through the pandemic, demonstrating the durability of their revenue streams and are growing faster than ever. 
Our ongoing investment in new technologies, Indian software suites within these segments generates increased recurring revenue and accelerated organic growth. Through 3 quarters, our year-to-date new sales already exceed that of the entire year in 2020, which was also a record year for FIS. 
This historical success has now created $22 billion in backlog of signed revenue, which I referenced earlier. Given our year-to-date success, 2021 is going to be another record-setting year for sales, and that will drive continued strong growth across these segments into 2022 and beyond. 
Our Merchant segment currently accounts for about 1/3 of our revenue mix. It boasts deep client relationships with exceptionally high retention rates that are supported by sophisticated vertical expertise and 5-star client service. Our expert professionals are on the ground in every geography to meet any need. 
Our clients depend on us to support their global ambitions by opening every sales channel to them with innovative software-led and omnichannel capabilities. Here, too, we are generating record new sales, and revenue growth is accelerating as high-growth channels account for an increasing proportion of the segment's growth. Given the market dynamics in these high-growth channels, we expect to consistently win new clients and expand our share of wallet.  
Another key advantage is our extensive global distribution and enviable client portfolio, which enable us to quickly and effectively drive adoption of new technologies. There's a reason why incumbents, innovators and disruptors consistently choose FIS as their partner of choice. These durable revenue streams, combined with our scale of delivery, allow us to aggressively invest in differentiated solutions and capabilities. 
Turning to Slide 8. I'd like to directly address the strength of our competitive position and why this company will continue to lead the way powering the global digital economy. FIS powers the intersection of software, payments and embedded finance. Our core competency is commerce enablement, whether that's the electronification of banking, enabling electronic transactions online or at the point of sale or automating treasury, B2B and wealth and retirement. We have multiple competitive advantages, including breadth of capability, global reach, extensive distribution and an enviable client portfolio. 
With our infrastructure migration to the cloud now complete and the Worldpay integration coming to a close, I'd like to share our strategy to further enhance our competitive position and generate shareholder value. Our strategy is to unlock the true value of FIS by weaving together our extensive digital assets into a global platform that facilitates the rapid adoption of new technology and speeds innovation. 
By componentizing our capabilities, we will expose our unique set of financial assets to the market as well as continue to push new product through this emerging platform. It expands our TAM by positioning FIS as the destination for innovators and developers, where they can get everything they need to create exciting new customer experiences. 
And it helps them to do it faster by providing preconfigured capabilities, low-code and no-code technology, third-party integration as well as sandboxes for experimentation and rapid prototyping, complete with the developer forum. 
Importantly, for our shareholders, it will speed time to revenue for FIS through automation and self-service, while simultaneously creating additional scale benefits by eliminating technology debt. 
This strategy supports our midterm outlook for 7% to 9% revenue growth, 50 to 100 basis points of annual adjusted EBITDA margin expansion and superior free cash flow. Our past success demonstrates that we execute major programs very well, and our team will keep FIS at the forefront of the industry by executing the next phase of our enterprise technology transformation. 
As we do this over the next 3 years, you'll hear us talk less and less about segments, as traditional silos and old ways of thinking fade to the background. Instead, we'll begin sharing exciting examples of a new class of super users, who combine technology across the breadth of FIS in new and exciting ways. Each of these super users is buying capabilities from all 3 of our traditional segments, demonstrating a powerful value unlock for FIS. 
Amazon is a great example of the power that our portfolio brings to clients. They started their journey with us by leveraging our nice debit network capabilities a decade ago. Today, they utilize our enterprise acquiring capability for Whole Foods, our global e-commerce capability to enter new online markets and our treasury cash management solution out of Capital Markets. And we've expanded the relationship by leveraging our omnichannel capability to empower their new Amazon 4-star in-store concept internationally, opening its first location in the U.K. 
At FIS, we embrace being a scaled technology leader and look forward to continuing to advance the industry by enabling the next generation of innovative client experiences. 
I'll conclude my prepared remarks by reviewing our capital allocation strategy on Slide 9. Our priority is to deliver long-term growth by investing internally to improve the value we bring to our clients, while expanding our TAM. In parallel, we continue to actively pursue M&A to add innovative new capabilities as well as to enter high-growth adjacencies. 
Our team has a well-established track record of successfully integrating the businesses we acquire, consistently outperforming our synergy targets and driving shareholder value. Through this combination of investments in organic and inorganic opportunities, we have successfully accelerated revenue growth by positioning FIS to deliver innovative solutions in attractive markets where our technology and expertise are highly differentiated. 
The scale and profitability of our business puts us in the enviable position of being able to both invest for growth while simultaneously returning capital to our shareholders. Year-to-date, we have repurchased $2 billion in shares, reflecting our view that FIS currently represents a generational buying opportunity. 
We still maintain significant headroom for accelerated share repurchase, with 85 million shares of authorization remaining, and we will buy back stock aggressively. We are committed to consistent dividend growth and are increasing our expected annual dividend growth rate to 20% in 2022 and beyond. 
This will enable us to expand our dividend payout ratio over several years without affecting our ability to invest in growth. Our capital allocation strategy is underpinned by a strong balance sheet and investment-grade credit ratings. This strategy has been consistent for many years, and we will continue to allocate capital to drive robust shareholder returns. 
In conclusion, while competition is intense across our industry, FIS is built for purpose as the leading commerce enablement company. At FIS, we're doing what no one else can, bringing together a unique breadth of capability and global reach to enable our clients to innovate at speed. 
With that, I'll now turn the call over to Woody to discuss our financial results and to provide a deep dive into the Merchant segment. Woody?

Yes. It certainly plays a role, Tien-Tsin. We've tried to outline both volume growth and transaction growth within the detailed materials in the press release. I think we also gave growth back to 2019 as many of us have been trying to effectively forget 2020 in some levels and ways. 
We have seen volume growth compared to 2019, a track very closely to the networks. We've also see transaction growth slow a little bit in terms of its growth rate, ultimately providing us incremental yield on that volume, which is what we expected and where we expected to continue to track. 
If you look at 2000 -- 2Q 2019 growth of revenue versus the global volume compared to the third quarter, we had about 9 points of incremental yield benefit, and that really takes out kind of the noise between both 2020 and the move shift of the tax movement. 
So that's the one we've been very focused on. But we try to be extremely transparent today to give you every piece of data that we look at and thinking about our revenue growth trajectory.

Yes. No. I mean, absolutely. I would tell you, Tien-Tsin, we're already seeing it, right? I mean -- so I think a lot of people want to put us in a point world. What we've seen across all markets, all industries is really what we've talked about is more around solutioning and being able to leverage a platform in a way to drive very dynamic outcomes for our customers, and that's what we're all about.  
So as you think about FIS, all large companies are going to have to go through a massive transformation, and so we started that journey 5 years ago. And we now have completed -- completely completed our transition to cloud. 
So we've made that migration, and we're getting all the benefits of the cloud platforms that are available. We then leaned in with next-generation application stacks, and we talked a lot about that through componentization, whether it's Modern Banking Platform, whether it's Payments One, whether it's Digital One, whether it's NAP, the list goes on and on. 
So now the next phase is how do you bring that together and weave that together to a one-stop place for innovators, large conglomerates, anybody looking to take advantage of various capabilities in the open market, and we see it as a huge opportunity. We highlighted just a very small subset of clients already leveraging our next-generation capabilities across all 3 segments.  
You're going to see that grow very dramatically over the next 3 years. You will also continue to see our level of technology debt get displaced, as our existing clients migrate to this framework as well. 
So we're really excited about the future. We highlighted another 2 wins on Modern Banking Platform today. One of those wins was the first customer that has signed up for an existing core banking system of FIS to start transitioning to MBP. 
So as we've talked a lot, we're really at the forefront of this transformation, and this is just the next step in FIS' journey. And we'll continue -- and while we're so confident in our long-term guide of 7% to 9% and mid-teens EPS, and you'll continue to see that resonate in the coming years.

Yes. Look, let me start, Jason, and then we'll let others add on. Certainly, Stephanie's return, focusing on strategy and helping to drive and continue to focus on M&A is important. I would say our strategy has not shifted there. We've been very focused on M&A throughout the years. 
As you know, we've also been very consistent about getting other large M&A opportunities behind us before we typically move on into other areas. We've talked on prior calls, the market is pricey on certain things, but we're definitely going to continue to lean in on M&A. 
We're going to be a buyer in the market on things that fit our strategy, that expand our TAM, that drive us new product or new capabilities, that drive us in to adjacent market. Anything we do, we will look for things that will accelerate our growth. And so that's going to continue throughout 2021 and 2022 and beyond. So it will always be an important part of our strategy.

Yes. Darrin, I'll start. We'll let Bruce add on to this. I mean, we couldn't be more excited about what we see going on in Banking and Capital Markets, both. 
I'll remind you, we started this journey over -- almost 5 years ago as we started really embracing cloud computing, and then we started really leaning in on next-generation capabilities that I mentioned when I was talking to Tien-Tsin about and all the investments we've made. 
So you're now seeing the results of that. Our pipeline is the fullest -- continues to grow. You're also seeing record quarters being put up by the sales team in record years, year after year. 
This -- if you'll remember in Banking, especially, this journey started well over 3 years ago, and you've seen that growth rate move from low single digits to mid-single digits. And now it's performing consistently in the upper single digits. So we feel great about the business. We feel great about our solution set. 
We -- the TAM is very broad because, obviously, we're not just a domestic player in the U.S. We can expand out into international markets as well in global markets. So we've got a really bright future with this group. And frankly, it's where the industry is moving, more importantly. 
Capital Markets, as I said in my prepared remarks, couldn't be prouder of the team of what they've done. We -- when you go back to 2015, you had a business that was growing negative -- about negative 2%. 
We've repositioned the portfolio. We invested heavily in product and solutioning. We started going -- and we expanded outside of traditional customers because what we found is there was a lot of market that needed those kind of capabilities, and you're now seeing the results. 
That's a very, very clean quarter for Capital Markets. I mean, there was a 2 percentage point tailwind on license renewals. But once again, what a great part of that business is those licenses are term in nature. And so you get those bumps. But even if you adjust that out, just really, really strong results.

Yes. I think -- Darrin, I think at the end of the day, you got to back up a little bit and really look at these businesses and look at the customers they serve. And these customers have traditionally been on older, more legacy technologies. 
And so I've shared for the last several quarters, we're at an inflection point where our clients and our prospects are going to have to start moving and lower their overall total cost of ownership, increase their openness in the way they deliver, increase their speed, which is what Bruce likes to always talk about, the speed at which they serve their customers. And you just can't do that on your historical point-to-point solutions. 
At FIS, we've made the investments to time this shift. And so as you -- now you're seeing the benefits of what that timing is starting to produce. So these are very long-term contracts, are high reoccurring. We're averaging 9- to 12-month sales cycle. We're averaging about 9 months now on an onboarding cycle. Bruce and his team has done a nice job of pulling that back, and that will get faster over time.  
But you're seeing a very different businesses and very different segments positioned very well for a unique inflection point in the industry. And so you will continue to see these segments maintain and grow not only mid, but upper single digits given the nature of what's going on in the markets.

Yes. I'd just add. I mean, it's going to be a good tailwind for us going into 2022 and into 2023. But the reality is, given the nature of our e-commerce business and how rapidly it's growing, we -- you see the disclosure there, almost mid-30% in the last several quarters and trending up. T&A will become a smaller and smaller segment of our overall business. 
And so that's what we're really thrilled about our positioning in the Merchant space. As you look at that business, we are best positioned in the market area that's growing the fastest. And so -- and we've got industry-leading capabilities there. 
So as long as we continue to execute on it, like Woody said, we're seeing a little slowing in the recovery in T&A. But the good news is the other side of the business has actually accelerated a little faster in some of the verticals.  
So all in all, we've got a great business model, and we've got one that's going to continue to perform in the double digits going forward in 2022 and beyond.

And given this level of granularity we provided you today, I mean, I think as you guys really start digesting all this, you'll see the same thing. I mean, it's just -- various verticals have come back at different rates. So it's absolutely a mix, but we feel very good about the business.

Yes, yes. Look, I mean, George, on our M&A strategy, it's really unchanged. We have an opportunity to have a wide aperture. We're looking for things that can accelerate our growth and continue to drive our growth from here. 
We're going to continue to -- I appreciate you pointing out, really, our capital allocation strategy has not changed other than we are raising our dividend starting next year by 20%. But Woody talked through all the financials that it's really immaterial in the overall use of cash. So we've got a very open lens of our free cash flow to either buy companies or continue to buy back our share back. 
And you -- as you saw, we think it's a generational buying opportunity for FIS at the moment. We really leaned in Q3. So -- but we'll continue to look for things that we think can accelerate our growth rate from where we are, keeping in mind that, really, all 3 of our segments are really operating at some of the highest levels in their history. 
I mean, we just -- Q3 was the biggest quarter for Capital Markets and Banking, I think, in its history of this company. And so -- but meanwhile, you see Merchant every trend we'll give you shows that Merchant is heading in the right direction at an accelerated rate over where it was pre-pandemic. 
And it's a very durable business -- all 3 are very durable business model. So if we can find M&A that complements that from a strategy standpoint, that expands that market, drives new TAM, grows us faster, then we absolutely are going to be in -- continue to be in the M&A business.

Yes. Dan, look, obviously, we'll continue to lean in e-com. We're going to continue to lean in on that. Our software-led strategy in SMB though has been very sound since the start. 
Woody did a great -- I think a very good job of describing what's going on in our software-led initiatives in SMB specifically. You have seen restaurants starting to recover. I mean, it's a very small overall percentage of our company, so it's really a bit of immaterial at this point in time.
But you have seen it starting to recover. And whether that was due to closures, whether that was due to staffing issues, whether that was due to some of our software partners didn't respond to some of the changing needs as quickly as they might should have during the pandemic, all of that would be open to debate. 
But we feel very good about our software-led strategy within SMB and going to that with partners. The team has done a great job of continuing to sign up partners throughout the pandemic. Bruce just highlighted our sales strength. 
And that's not just in SMB, I mean, our strength in e-com has been fantastic. And what we've seen driving across our e-commerce segment, we've disclosed a lot here on what we're seeing the growth rates going on with and without travel. 
You can actually see travel's improvement Q2 to Q3, which Woody talked about from a domestic standpoint. Now we've got to start leaning into international. But the business is really solid across all of those fronts, and we'll continue to go to the SMB market through our software-led strategy.

Well, let's first start with the last part, which do we need a consulting group. As you know, Ash, when we own the consulting company for a number of years and actually didn't see that fit in our overall strategic narrative. 
So we'll continue to partner with large system integrators out there and other large consulting firms. As you can imagine, given the investment we've made in componentization, we have a lot of people wanting to partner with us on that front, which is great. And given the demand we've had, you'll continue to see those partnerships grow, but that's owning another consulting group is not necessary. 
I think Bruce summed it up on a prior question very well, and Woody just confirmed it. If you look at the amount of CapEx that we're investing back into our existing systems, really, right now, it's operating about 8.5% of revenue that's trended up a little bit. Historically, before we started on this journey, as you might remember, it was down in the 4.5% type range. So we trended it up years ago because we saw this coming.
The reality is, as you think about it, this transformation has come in waves, right? We had to embrace the cloud technology to get our cost down, to get our availability up, to get our speed on delivery up. 
You're seeing that in the numbers. You then saw us come on our application wave and really building out within our industry verticals, whether that's NAP, Access Worldpay, whether that's Modern Banking Platform, Payments One, Digital One, whether that's all the things we're doing in Capital Markets around solutioning and really going end to end and front, middle and back office. 
You've now heard us talk about, on this call, we're now waving -- rolling out the next generation of our platform, which is really taking those components and weaving them together in a really way to embrace new markets that we're not serving today. 
So we're still going to be taking advantage of all the markets we're in, driving the kind of growth you're seeing, but now as you weave that in through a platform, as you start bringing in low code and no code environments, as you start bringing in places for innovators to come and incubate, we see that a whole another opportunity to expand TAM given the investments we've made. 
And we don't think that's going to require an increased capital investment at all because as those other programs are closing, that frees up capital to now redeploy. So I think it shows a real confidence in execution. Given where our guide is, it shows a real confidence in the company, and we'll continue to lean in on all those fronts.

Thank you again for joining us this morning, and thank you to our dedicated colleagues who continue to show their commitment to providing world-class technology solutions for our clients, so that they can stay ahead of the curve. This commitment will lay the foundation for our growth in 2022 and beyond. 
If you have any further questions that were not addressed on this call, please reach out to our Investor Relations team. Thank you, and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day. Goodbye.