Good morning, and thank you again for joining us today. We are currently living in unprecedented times with the COVID-19 pandemic impacting the world on a human as well as on economic level. Our hearts go out to all those who have been impacted by the virus. When we last got together to discuss our 2019 results, we never imagine what the next few months would bring. 
Well, we are here today to announce our first quarter results, I feel it's important to start by sharing what we are doing to protect our employees as well as to support our clients and communities during this time. I will then discuss our strategy and investments, which will allow us to emerge from this pandemic in an even stronger competitive position before turning the call over to Woody to review our first quarter financial performance.
As a member of the President's Great Revival Industry Group and the Business Roundtable, I'm in regular dialogue with government and industry leaders around the world to chart a path toward economic recovery. While we are clearly in uncharted waters with this global spread of COVID-19, I strongly believe that FIS is well positioned to navigate these challenging times. At FIS, our immediate priorities are to keep our colleagues safe, to get back to our communities and to support our clients. 
Early on, we executed company-wide crisis management measures to protect our colleagues' health and safety. This included transitioning over 95% of our employees to work from home, expanding our employee benefits to include extended sick leave related COVID-19 and enhancing our telemedicine benefits globally. 
We also broadened FIS Cares, our employee-funded charity to benefit our more than 55,000 employees around the globe in this time of critical need. Additionally, we are doing our part to help our communities on a broad scale. We have contributed supplies and personal protection equipment to the communities we serve, and we have donated thousands of prepaid cards to military families in the U.S. and abroad. In the U.K., we partnered with the Government Banking Service to provide health care workers with groceries and other supplies. 
We're also being nimble by leveraging our innovative technology and software development capabilities to quickly deploy new offerings and upgrades for our clients in this rapidly changing environment. For example, we swiftly implemented our real-time lending service for many of our financial institution clients to enable them to streamline and speed the processing of the Paycheck Protection Program under the U.S. CARES Act. To date, the service has driven much needed funding to more than 140,000 small businesses throughout the U.S. 
We also assisted several U.S. states to enable online purchasing of food for benefit recipients, and we issued additional prepaid EBT cards to move critical government funds into the hands of the people and families who need it most. We are providing free virtual terminal access for merchants and retailers to enable them to easily accept secure online and contactless transactions. 
We continue to support the world's commerce that extends to providing payment processing to the U.S. and U.K.'s largest grocery and drug stores as well as ensuring several well-known streaming services, enabling the world during this difficult time. In addition, in our Capital Markets group, we quickly increased our capacity to support 3x normal trading volumes, which contributed to this quarter's positive results. 
And finally, through our newly created FIS Ventures Program, we committed to invest $150 million over the next 3 years in promising fintech companies, keeping us at the forefront of innovative technologies and digital transformation. 
We continue to serve our clients with strength and stability as the backbone to the global financial ecosystem, ensuring that transactions and accounts continue to be processed 24/7. I'm very proud of the way our employees have responded to shelter-in-place restrictions while maintaining our client-first and community giving spirit that forms the culture of FIS. 
Turning to Slide 6. Our durable business model positions us well to navigate uncertainty. Our highly reoccurring revenue model, coupled with our leading position in resilient markets, including financial services, e-commerce and nondiscretionary verticals provide predictable revenue streams and lessen our exposure to volatility. As Woody will describe in a few moments, we have multiple levers to reduce our overall expense and protect our margins near term. Many of these reductions will benefit us now and into the future. Given our strong balance sheet, robust cash flow generation and liquidity, we have ample capacity to continue to invest throughout the duration of the pandemic. 
Moving to Slide 7. I want to reinforce that while these are extraordinary times, our long-term strategy remains unchanged. We are committed to supporting our clients by advancing the way the world pays, banks and invests. Our strategy is to accelerate organic growth by aggressively investing in innovative technologies and capabilities within our core business and executing large-scale M&A to expand into secular high-growth markets. 
This truly sets us apart from our competitors. We will build on our differentiation by developing cutting-edge solutions through our modernization and innovation investments and continue to accelerate the integration of Worldpay. 
As you are aware, we embarked on a transformational modernization journey several years ago, beginning an ambitious new software development cycle to re-architect our solutions to be open, modular and cloud-based. We did this because we believe that the financial services industry was moving towards its own transformation, and we wanted to be able to empower our clients and the greater industry to change. Fast forward to today, and clearly given our consistent sales success, FIS is leading the transformation of future-ready innovations like automation, cloud-native technologies and digital omni-channel. 
As you think about this strategy that was implemented multiple years ago, COVID-19 will only accelerate this transformation. Going forward, we are excited to increase our commitment to this strategy and to continue powering the digital economy by providing our clients with access to innovation, world-class scale and data and insights. Our business is strong and has a long runway for growth. 
We are not slowing down and our priorities remain consistent. First, we will continue to invest in innovation, sales and delivery to capitalize on our growing new sales pipelines. We had some exceptional wins in the quarter that I'll take you through in just a moment. Second, we will continue to execute on integration initiatives to accelerate synergy achievement. Third, we will scale in secular high-growth markets and invest in disruptive technologies to reinforce the durability of our business model. Finally, we will drive efficiency through continued technology investments and by further streamlining our functional model. 
Moving on to Slide 8. Our clients are clearly responding to our strategy. Our overall sales for the company was up 15% year-over-year, led by continued strength in our Banking segment. Due to the strength of the sales, our overall company backlog increased by 6%. 
In Banking, I'm excited to announce that we signed another 3 modern banking platform wins. First, Opel Bank is the first European-based bank to choose our new modern banking platform, demonstrating its global capability. Second, we are empowering one of the world's premier investment banks to help them enhance their retail operations by leveraging our modern banking platform and our private cloud. This will be a new launch for this powerhouse as they begin to offer retail checking accounts and other services. Third, one of the largest Canadian banks chose FIS to modernize their broad U.S. business by leveraging our modern banking platform and Digital One solution. All 3 new wins cited the superior advanced platform architecture, which will ease their path to innovation and drive increased openness across their institutions as reasons why they chose FIS. 
Combined with the 3 top 30 bank wins that we announced last quarter, this signifies 6 strategic wins in back-to-back quarters. These are significant for many reasons, but the most important one is the growing movement of large financial institutions to sunset legacy on-premise systems and invest in FIS new next-gen and cloud-based solutions to enable their future success. Even in a pandemic, these clients are not stopping their investments necessary to transform. 
Turning to our Merchant segment. Although we are seeing significant near-term impact from the ongoing pandemic, our impressive scale and advanced suite of services has enabled us to continue to win new deals. For example, a large global retailer will consolidate relationships with approximately 40 different providers around the world exclusively to FIS. This reinforces our ability to leverage our differentiated global reach to win share of wallet across large multinationals and global brands. In addition, we won a deal with a growing specialty retailer in the health care vertical to implement our payment technology at their over 600 U.S. locations. The merchant chose FIS because our unique technology and scale it manages continue to create significant value relative to the competition. 
In Capital Markets, client demand continues for our end-to-end solutions delivered through a SaaS model. We signed a deal with a leading financial services company to provide a cloud-enabled commercial lending solution that will allow them to meet new U.S. regulatory requirements. Additionally, a large financial institution chose our cloud-based platform to manage credit and market risk. This significant win is another great indicator of our cross-selling abilities as this continues to be a large banking solutions client. These wins further reinforce that our unique strategy remains compelling to our clients and is helping them progress their transformation during these uncertain times. 
As we look to the future and our increasing implementation backlog, now more than ever, remote capabilities have become essential. So we've taken our cloud-base remote service model to the next level to provide the most robust, uninterrupted support available. Our remote delivery capabilities are proving invaluable. 
During the last 6 weeks, we have moved the fully remote implementations within Banking and have increased professional services to 90% remote delivery within Capital Markets. This includes the implementation of our 3 new pivotal top 30 bank wins that we announced last quarter, which all remain on track. 
I continue to be proud of the role we play at the center of the global financial ecosystem at a time when we are needed most. Thanks to all of our colleagues for your hard work and perseverance. 
I will now turn the call over to Woody to discuss our financial results. Woody?

Yes. So Darrin, we've had extremely strong quarters in sales. We highlighted several in our merchant business, which is just really our global nature and scale coming to play with our strong technology. So we think that will benefit us greatly, where obviously we think we'll see a further acceleration from cash to electronic transactions, which will play very strong to our strengths across the board in Merchant, but especially on e-com and also on our integrated platform. So we're excited about us being able to take share as we come out of this. 
When you look at the Banking, we really have had exceptionally strong results in Banking in the sales group consistently every quarter. This quarter, by far, Banking was the leader in our overall sales to help propel us to 15% year-over-year. So obviously, they were north of that. 
We are highlighting the significant wins in modern banking because we've talked about a number of years on this call about when do we think we'll see this transformation of all this pent-up legacy on-premise capability and very large financial institutions. When do we think we'll start seeing them pull this trigger to start moving to more digital open banking frameworks? And certainly, we're seeing that now with these 6 wins in back-to-back quarters, with some really significant ones with 3 of them being in the top 30 last quarter alone. 
As we think about fintech, one of the reasons -- do we see them as a competitive front? At this point in time, we started our investments years ago on next-generation technology. We're a leader in cloud-based deployment. Our systems have performed exceptionally well. We're highlighting the wins and not only modern banking platform, but in our digital channels like Digital One. So we think that's going to play -- give us a huge competitive advantage going forward. But with that being said, we also announced this quarter our FIS ventures and $150 million investment that we are going to do in fintech companies, just to make sure that if there's something that we can take advantage of, we will. 
But there's a lot going on, and we certainly believe that COVID-19, if anything, will accelerate this transformation. We have a lot of our customers now trying to understand how do I get to the cloud, how do I get the automation, how do I get to an open banking platform because these legacy systems are very cumbersome, especially during times of crisis like this when you're trying to push people to work from home. We've seen our digital channels -- we've seen volume. I mean Woody talked about the 80% growth in digital and e-com. We've seen a similar front on digital across our banking business and even into our capital markets group. So the demand for consumers to get access to their capabilities in these times of crisis get very high. And that obviously accelerates your need for openness and digital deployment. 
So we think this will further accelerate the transformation. We're seeing our pipeline, not only are we having record sales quarter in and quarter out, we're also seeing our pipeline grow very dramatically. So we're excited about the position we're in. And certainly, we think our team is executing well against it.

Yes. Look, we highlighted that in the call. If you would have told me -- look, a lot of things that we're doing is just unprecedented in this time of crisis. If you would have told me 4 months ago, we could go to fully remote implementations in Banking, I would have said we're still years away from that. Fast forward, and in the last 6 weeks, we're at 100%. 
And I'm involved, as you would imagine, at the CEO level, with a lot of these large key accounts. And we really have not -- the team has just done a phenomenal job -- have not missed a beat. 
Even our Capital Markets group, which was traditionally on-prem for professional services or a huge percentage of it, we've been able to move that to 90%. So we got a little more work to do in Capital Markets. The team is certainly rallying around that. And the customers are as well. But at this point in time, 6 weeks in, at 100% remote implementation in Banking, that's outstanding. And we feel very good about it. 
We highlighted the 3 top 30 wins from last quarter and the 3 this quarter. But as you imagine, we signed hundreds and hundreds of transactions a quarter in banking. And so the reality is all of those require implementations and to really get that to 100%, it says a lot about the company and where we've made investments. But also says a lot about our talent here and what they're doing to serve our customers.

Yes. Jason, like we've done in the past, just from our position, it's all about getting this -- the integration done as quickly as possible. Frankly, getting your balance sheet reloaded. The faster we can move on integration, whether it's cost or revenue, the better for us as a company because we pull our teams together in a much more galvanized way. Our clients, don't see any disruption through the process. So the fact that we're already going to be well ahead of our targets by the end of this year, I couldn't be more pleased with how the team -- and if you look at the revenue side as well, Woody gave a lot of input into the kinds of signings that we're seeing in the revenue synergy and how that's onboarding. 
And there's just -- what we're going to continue to lean in on that. But like always, even once we get the cost integration behind us, what you've seen us do at FIS for years is we're always focusing on how to further drive operating efficiencies. Woody highlighted the need to drive more functional organization deployment. We're well down the path through the integration of Worldpay. That's going to continue. Reevaluating our real estate as part of COVID-19 as a backdrop. We're so successful at working from home. We're going to really take a hard look at that. So there's just a lot more levers we'll continue to pull that will drive benefits into the future. But at some point in time, we'll want to declare victory on the integration, and it's just more about moving on and running the business then.

Yes. No, look, it's -- I just couldn't be prouder, David. And -- but as you think about it, I couldn't be prouder of where the sales teams have been in executing in this transformation. And what we're seeing is just a lot of continuous demand. As we've talked in the past, some of these deals are really -- have been really long-term sales processes. And some of them, when you start getting in the top 30, some of them are greater than 12 months to implement. So we've got a really kind of 2 scenarios. We've got some of our signings on modern banking platform are going to launch with a single product, right, to get to market as quickly as possible, kind of land and then expand and displace their legacy. Some are looking to big bang displace their legacy in a wholesale broader asset class. And so for example, moving all of their deposit operations at one time, as an example. And so depending on the scope of the implementation also depends on how rapidly you'll start seeing revenue contribute to the Banking business. We will, with that as a backdrop, though, be driving revenue through the implementation process through professional services. So you're already seeing some acceleration of that growth. Woody talked about banking really performing well in line with our plan. As you strip out COVID-19, we were teed up in banking actually overdrive this year given everything that we've signed and given how successful those implementations are going. 
But implementation, typically, to answer your question, run anywhere, similar to the sales cycle, about 12 months before you really start seeing real processing revenue drop to the top and bottom line. And in average, across all of our wins in Banking, that's consistently what we're seeing. So you'll notice Banking has been very consistent, accelerating their growth rates over the last year. That's because of the historical success of sales. So you have -- we had a great quarter, 6 quarters ago. 12 months a little later, roughly, you're starting to see that on-boarding and vice versa, and you kind of get that momentum. And so we're really bullish on what's going on in the Banking business. 
Similar on the Merchant business as well, when you look at what -- you look at where they were targeted. Woody highlighted the growth rates that we're seeing on the Merchant through January. We saw a little earlier impact than some just due to our Asia exposure with COVID, but just a phenomenal business for us in really high-growth secular markets. And then Capital Markets just had a phenomenal quarter. That team continues to do an excellent job managing through that transition from license sales to SaaS reoccurring. And so really, all 3 segments are just performing at a very high level right now for FIS.

Yes. No. I think you're bringing up an interesting point. We talk about it almost daily in our daily debriefs and how we're thinking about the pandemic and the impact it's going to have, obviously, short-term, but also long-term. And do I think that remote implementations are going to be the new norm going forward? Depending on how long this goes, the duration, I think these practices could get really burned in. Do I think they'll stay at 100%? There's always a time where someone wants to be in the same room. But I do think it will materially change the way we do business with regards to implementation. 
I think travel and those expenses associated with travel are always a high number with implementations and certainly a way for our clients and prospects to lower their total cost of ownership on delivery and implementation. But I do think we'll see a long-term impact, where more and more of this will get remote. 
From a pricing standpoint, I don't see impact there for us. I mean I think whether the remote or on-prem, the cost of resource is the cost to resource and the way we price for that, we're not expecting any impact whatsoever. But I do think the ability to do much more of this on a remote basis. 
I think a lot of our travel, where we were aggressive over the years as all companies were on travel, I think you'll see that, just in general, come down as well because we've all gotten very successful at video conferencing and working through this new medium as we deliver service.

Right. Correct. That is a revenue contribution. I do think we'll be able to offset some of the travel and airlines. You've already got a digital business that's already larger on a percentage basis of revenue than our travel and airlines business. You've already got that percentage, as Woody highlighted, growing 80%. So -- and we're also successfully taking share. 
So as you think about it, I do think there's an opportunity here. If you look back historically over the last 12 months, our digital sales have performed very nicely over the last 4 quarters. And so I expect that to continue. So quick answer is yes. I do expect that we'll be able to fill in some of that gap. And we also expect to see our travel and airline business start showing some recovery later this year.

The last question, Ashwin.

Got it. Yes.

Yes. I would just -- to build on that, Ashwin, what we really wanted to focus on was our employees, our colleagues around the world. And we wanted to make sure that we maintained -- unlike the 2008, 2009 crisis, this isn't a financial crisis. And so for us, it's a health crisis. And we want to make sure that we maintain our colleagues. We want to maintain that we're focusing on our clients and implementation. 
And so these short-term levers are not unlike what we pulled in '08, '09. And if you'll remember, coming out of '08,'09, we actually saw a 200-plus percent of margin expansion. Now what I would tell you is based on April results, and what we're seeing us arrive at a low watermark there. Honestly, Woody and I, both, and the whole leadership team are very confident that we'll get margin expansion for the few years. But several of these cost levers, obviously, will come back, right, as into next year as we start returning to normal. Some, which will be counted outside of the synergy, will actually have long-term ramifications. 
As we look at real estate, we're taking a real hard look at our global real estate footprint to start challenging ourselves on -- we're so effectively working from home, do you need that real estate going forward? So there will be some of these levers going forward that will actually have long-term reoccurring benefit to FIS.

Well, I think we're seeing it in our sales, and we're seeing it in our accelerating growth rates across all 3 segments. We made such a conscious decision over -- about 4 years ago to really start investing heavily in next-generation technologies like the cloud. We leverage our data center consolidation program, which as you know, was focused on taking $250 million of costs out annually. All of that investment has allowed us to pivot very, very quickly to not only work from home, but to drive new capabilities into the market, whether it's through mass enablement of product. 
We deployed our real-time lending solution to more than 80 financial institutions in a week's period of time. I mean that's just unprecedented, and we were able to do that because of next-generation of technology. So whether that plays in Banking, whether that plays in Capital Markets, whether that plays in Merchant, on all 3 fronts, we've been making those investments. And it's really starting to differentiate. 
We highlighted the large multinational and literally combining 40 different providers to just FIS, globally. 
If you want an example of where we differentiate, that's the perfect example where we literally can take out 40 different competitors, 40 different solution providers and really drive a unique omni-channel experience for that single customer in our merchant portfolio. So we really do think that, that investment that we started is really paying huge dividends for us. 
And look, it's a very competitive market. So we see a lot of competition out there. We just feel really good about our ability to compete on a number of these fronts. 
So whether it's availability, we've got industry-leading availability across all of our technology stacks, whether it's next-generation innovation. And we talk about it on multiple calls, where we're bringing new innovations to market that we've been working on. We continue to functionalize a lot of our operation, which really helps us to be much more nimble. We've now pulled all of engineering together on banking and payments, which really allows us to accelerate those kind of investments. So there's just a lot of things going very well right now at FIS. So I would say, across all 3 segments, those are the things that really differentiate us.

Honestly, we feel great about what's going on across our entire market. So we don't even really -- there's really no way to break down GFS, IFS vernacular. We're having tremendous sales success, not only in the large financial institutions but also in community markets. We continue to do exceptionally well with some of our -- with a lot of our investments that we've made around cloud, our investments around digital and all of those are contributing to growth. 
So when we think about where we are in banking today, we really think about a U.S.-centric focus on the U.S.-centric portion of banking. We really think of it as larger institutions, so larger community banks and to the largest in the country. And then obviously, we think about banking globally in the various regions, whether it's Europe, whether it's Asia Pacific or LatAm. But we really feel good about where the Banking business is stacking up given -- and it really does date back to just the significant investment that the team started making in next-generation technologies. And it's far more than just modern banking platform. If you look at Digital One, for example, our next-generation digital omni-channel experience, that's ubiquitous across all of our markets and across all of our platforms and even plays globally. So the team's done a really excellent job with next-generation design, development and delivery.

Yes. Just -- George, as you would expect, as states start lessening, right, their stay-at-home policies and start opening up the states, right, as you would expect, we're starting to see not only those volumes bottom out but improvements as those decisions are making -- being made.

Yes. I mean look, George, we've talked a little bit about that and another one. But as you think about real estate, I think we'll make some real estate decisions that will be permanent in nature. As you think about travel, we think that will be very slow to recover on certain things, especially any kind of discretionary travel. 
As you think about contractors, as you think about some of those things, and we really -- we already had those on target, that's a really good opportunity for us to move some of these functions internally to FIS at much lower dollars, and we add a lot of that teed up anyway. But that's just all part of the things that we consistently do in running the company. So I do think some of those savings will be long term in nature. 
What we wanted to do as a team is just rally around the need to make sure that we keep our investments going through this pandemic because obviously, we want to maximize our growth coming out of this. We think there's a real opportunity given the strength of the company that we can focus on these things and actually make some moves during this time that will be beneficial. And obviously, to Woody's point, we're really wanting to focus on our global colleagues and minimize any impact we can here just due to the nature of the crisis, so.
Well, thank you for joining us today and for your ongoing interest in FIS. In closing, I'd like to thank our clients for the trust they place in us to keep their businesses up and running through these unique and unplanned times. Their support and heartfelt thanks to our many employees supporting their businesses has been well received and valued by our employees and leadership team. 
I'd also like to send my sincerest thanks to our more than 55,000 employees worldwide, who have remained focused on their health and safety first, while also having a clear understanding of our role as a critical infrastructure provider, knowing that commerce in the financial world relies on us to facilitate the transactions and move the money that fuels the economy. 
Our employees' unwavering focus on our clients and their need to stay operational has been remarkable and is a true testament to our lead with integrity FIS culture. Thank you for joining us today.