Thank you, Nate. Good morning, and welcome to today's call. 
Beginning on Slide 5. I'm very pleased to be able to share our outstanding third quarter performance with you. Our financial results were excellent with revenue, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS all significantly exceeding our expectations. We also got off to a very fast start with both revenue and cost synergies, especially considering we operated for only 2 months as a combined company. As a result, we are raising our fourth quarter and full year guidance for revenue, EBITDA and EPS as well as our 2020 cost synergy target. The strength of our third quarter performance and raised outlook clearly demonstrates the power of this combination and our overall growth strategy. 
Including 2 months of Worldpay contribution, we generated more than $2.8 billion in revenue and approximately $1.2 billion in adjusted EBITDA. This represents 35% revenue growth on a GAAP basis, over 5% organic growth and 350 basis points of margin expansion. We generated $1.43 of adjusted EPS, which was well above our expectations. 
In the third quarter, sales were up more than 25%, increasing our backlog 9% organically, accelerating from 7% growth last quarter. This gives us clear line of sight to continued revenue growth throughout 2020. 
FIS has successfully generated 7 consecutive quarters of exceptionally strong sales. Merchant Solutions also saw continued strong sales momentum within our e-commerce portfolio, including 23 cross-sell wins in the quarter, accelerating from 14 wins in the second quarter. We think these cross-sell wins are another strong indicator of the success and scale that our newly combined company can deliver. 
Turning to our early synergies from the Worldpay integration that clearly show that the combination of our 2 companies is paying significant dividends. Our combination is strategically differentiated on 3 main fronts. First, we have a unique strategy to accelerate organic growth by aggressively investing in innovative technologies and automating complexity. Second, we are combining premier assets in the industry to create leading solutions focused on secular high-growth markets. Third, we are bringing value to our clients with our world-class scale. 
We exited the quarter generating more than $30 million in annualized run rate revenue synergies with significant future opportunity. I'm excited to announce that we have already signed agreements with 2 of our bank clients to expand our relationships into merchant services. This includes a merchant referral agreement with an $11 billion bank in the United States as well as an agreement with a large banking client in Brazil. With this agreement, we are now enabling merchant processing in Brazil at the point-of-sale for over 500,000 merchants. This step forward demonstrates the power of our new company's global reach as neither company would have won these transactions on their own. 
These early wins illustrate the power of our end-to-end value proposition. And we have a solid plan and execution time line that will drive our results to achieve our $500 million revenue synergy goal. 
With regard to cost synergies, our team began executing immediately and upon close, and generated well over $200 million in savings on an annualized run rate basis, exiting the third quarter. Woody will go into more detail regarding cost synergies, but given the outstanding results to date and our current plans, we are very confident in delivering more than $500 million in total cost synergies. 
The integration of these large transformational M&A transactions continues to be a core competency. And we will utilize it as part of our strategy and further accelerate our organic growth and shareholder value. 
Turning to Slide 6 to discuss our growth strategy. We continue to aggressively invest in new technologies across all 3 of our segments. Investing in future innovation to benefit our clients started more than 3 years ago. It's part of everything we do at FIS, and will continue to drive our client value proposition. These significant innovations are now coming to market and not only driving our sales results, but leading to our accelerated growth. Our clients depend on us to stay ahead of the market and make investments that enable them to run their operations more efficiently, connect with their customers and grow their businesses. With the addition of Merchant Solutions, our growth rate will expand to 6% in the fourth quarter. We see numerous secular growth opportunities in all 3 segments, and our clients and partners are excited about the potential value we can bring to them by solving their current and future needs. 
Turning to our segment performance. Our merchant segment continues to benefit from its exposure to secular high-growth markets and ability to win market share through superior client service. For example, a leading global coffee chain selected FIS for in-store payment technology across more than 600 locations in the U.K. and Europe. Our global reach, innovative capabilities and differentiated approach resonated with the iconic coffee giant as it expands into new markets. In addition to this marquee new client win, merchant renewed its important strategic relationship with Kroger to continue providing our innovative suite of omnichannel payment solutions. While we typically do not highlight renewals, this is one of the largest clients of the former Worldpay business, and we were thrilled with the early commitment Kroger showed in extending our long-standing partnership. 
In our banking segment, our clients are reinventing their business models to create seamless digital experiences for their customers using our advanced technologies. For example, we expanded our relationship with a global bank to implement a real-time payment solution for their corporate clients in 9 countries. The bank chose to partner with us due to our proven capabilities and expertise as well as our ability to move quickly to meet Europe's regulatory requirements. In addition, a large regional bank in the U.S. decided to switch to our outsourced suite of core banking solutions after acquiring one of our clients. The combined company now has assets approaching $50 billion and represents a consistent theme of large financial institutions looking to FIS to solve their complex core banking business challenges. The decision was driven by our scalability and our consistent investment in new products as well as our tremendous scale in the large regional banking market. 
Similarly, in our Capital Markets segment, our investments to automate complex processes using advanced end-to-end technologies are resonating with clients. For example, a large institutional broker signed an agreement to implement our consolidated audit trail solution to effectively meet new regulatory requirements for monitoring securities trading. Regulatory compliance is critical for our capital markets clients and our ability to automate these processes is a true differentiator. This is our 12th consolidated audit trail win this year and shows our ability to work at scale to simplify the complex. We also expanded our strategic relationship with a large global financial services corporation. In this instance, we are bundling several FIS cloud-based solutions to help this organization's global travel services, enhance treasury controls, optimize cash visibility and reduce fraud. 
These impressive client wins across our segments demonstrate the strength of our business model and powerful client value proposition. I'm very proud of the team's sales and operational execution, especially given the backdrop of the significant integration activities occurring throughout the company. 
With such strong results and revenue synergies already starting to ramp, I am increasingly confident in our expectation for organic growth to approach 7% next year and to further expand to 8% to 9% in the future. 
I will now turn the call to Woody to round out the financial discussion before he opens the call to questions. Woody?

Yes. No, Dan. Thanks. It's a great question. I think we're in the early innings of the transformations going on. At FIS, we're in the later innings of that. Obviously, we started well over 3 years ago, modernizing all of our technology stack and pushing our compute into our own private cloud. We then also started modernizing all of our application layer and bringing on next-generation digital experiences and, frankly, next-generation capabilities across all of our segments, and that's resonating well with our clients. And you're seeing that in our quarterly results with 7 strong quarters of revenue sales. But we think we're very early in the process. Frankly, as we've discussed on prior calls, I think the industry held on too long to legacy-based technologies. And really, we're seeing our clients now have to make that transformation. So we're excited about the investment that we started years ago. We are excited about our timing for where the market is and really puts us in a really good spot as we look to the future.

Yes. No, it's -- when we look across Europe and, frankly, the U.K., what we're seeing in the U.K. with Brexit, specifically, we've already seen that volume kind of go down the recessionary period. So anything that would show any kind of improvement, it would actually be a tailwind for us. 
I would agree, Europe has been a little slow for us across the broader banking and Capital Markets as well. But we've had some nice wins here recently. Other areas like Brazil, we've seen some nice growth out of. We continue to see Asia strong. So our geographic footprint continues to be a very good differentiator for us from a global perspective. But when we look at Europe and what he talks about our guidance and where we're seeing coming in, we're really keeping Europe from broader U.K. at current levels.

Yes, Lisa, and to build on that, we kind of highlighted in the prepared remarks on our e-commerce sales success. We saw a really nice sales win in -- and those sales wins accelerating from a cross-sell standpoint with 23 wins this quarter compared to last quarter. So everything, I would tell you, we're seeing good, strong results. And actually, to your point, e-commerce is very, very important to the overall growth strategy and continued leadership in that space.

Yes. And George, to build on that. I think it's important when we talk about e-com, we're talking about really pure-play level online acquiring. So when you think about brick-and-mortar moving to online, that really falls up under our omnichannel deployment. So no, our e-com business, which is pure-play, really is growing very, very high; as Woody just said, greater than 20%. I think the cross-sell wins are important indicators. You're talking about first quarter, we did 16 of those. Second quarter came in at 14 wins. And then Q3 at 23 wins. So Mark, Shane and the group are really doing a nice job continuing to grow that business.

Yes. I mean, I think, George, just building on that. If you look at our revenue stream, more than 70% of our revenue stream is in the U.S. So naturally, our cross-sells, naturally, our revenue synergies is just going to be heavily weighted towards the U.S. but I think you're going to see our revenue synergies really pretty much in alignment with the way the revenue falls as the company so we'll see nice opportunities outside the U.S. as well. We highlighted the Brazil opportunity that we just signed, and there'll be more that come online. But just given where the book falls, in general, and all of these revenues are going to be cross sell, upsell, pull-through data utilization, et cetera, the revenue synergies will predominantly fall in the same manner as our current revenue.

Yes. No, I think we keep highlighting every -- throughout our calls. And obviously, we would say we feel we're the leader in cloud-based computing today at this point in time in financial services, given all of our data center consolidation and us consolidating the vast, vast majority of all that work to the cloud today. Some of the things we're doing with technology really hasn't been seen in the industry before. When you look at our application stack of bringing online, our next-generation cloud-based applications, you're seeing success, and we've announced several wins on the call. And we have several more coming on specifically core banking. So whether you're looking at our omnichannel digital experience is Digital One, full cloud-based type technology. You're also -- we've announced several wins on our core banking -- next-generation core banking platform and actually have one of those online as well. So we think we respect that there's always going to be competitors in the industry. But given our position, given our scale, given our historical investment and timing, we think we're well positioned to take advantage of the next generation of technology and computing in the industry.

Thanks, David.

I would say, holistically, the pipeline for cross-sell for merchant across all of our customers, looks very good, right? I mean, we were excited about the Brazil win. And so -- but when I look more holistically on a global basis and some of the things that we have going on in the sales channel with regards to merchant, I'm very excited about that overall business and our ability to cross-sell into our customer base. The response has been very strong since the closure.

Go, go ahead, Darren, get your follow-up questions.

Okay. So look, a lot in there. Let's back up to the base banking business, Capital Markets business and acceleration Capital Markets, specifically. We talked about last quarter that we were seeing acceleration in Capital Markets. One of the things that we're really pleased with is actually license fee in Capital Markets were flat. We actually saw an acceleration. We've been telling the market for some time that we're seeing this movement from licensing on-premise to deploying our technologies in our SaaS model. That's back to our investment in innovation and back to investment in technology and leveraging cloud-based computing technology. So all of that is paying huge dividends for us when you look at our scale. So we expect to see Capital Markets continue to accelerate in Q4 based on that investment. Banking as well. We're at an interesting inflection point in the industry. We really have a lot of legacy technologies end market. And frankly, we started those investments, as I said, more than 3 years ago, where FIS started investing heavily in new innovation where we really pivoted our spend from legacy technologies to the future. You saw that impact our growth rates in the short-term because, frankly, we were spending our capital dollars in areas where we didn't have product to deploy against. But now you're seeing the timing work out very well for FIS, where our customers are looking to take advantage of some of these -- lower their total cost of ownership, improve their overall digital experience across their end customers and that's all resonating, not only in our sales pipeline, but you're seeing our closings. I mean, those are very strong results on sales now for 7 consecutive quarters. So whether you're looking at merchant where we're leading in e-commerce -- high-value e-commerce, high-value technology integration, banking or Capital Markets, that key theme plays out very well and is really playing into our accelerated growth rate significantly.

Yes. No, look, I mean, we're seeing, obviously, increased demand for our solution set. I mean, e-commerce is doing very well. We think there's really 3 significant players in the space today. And clearly, we're the lead global player in that mix. And you're seeing that in our cross sell wins. And the team's just doing a really nice job of selling into this key high-growth secular market, and you'll continue to see us ramping that up and also the revenue associated with that driving into the results as Woody talked about.

Yes. The first -- let's get the second question first. The 25% is an organic growth number, right? So been very consistent on the quarters that we disclosed. 
Back to Brazil, obviously, what we'll continue to focus on, we've been driving heavily into e-commerce, and we want to continue to make sure that we leverage e-commerce where we can appropriately and Brazil is certainly a great opportunity for us on that. But with that being said, we also want to make sure that we take advantage of -- we've got a really good strong client base in Brazil. We want to make sure that we're partnering with those clients in a way and adding value to them through cross-sells and upsells as well. So it will be a combination of both. But I would tell you, in general, given what we're seeing in that high-growth secular market, we prefer to lead with e-commerce in any point we can on the merchant side.

Yes. I mean, in general, Dave, I think the way to think about it is, obviously, we're going to focus on high-growth secular trends that are occurring across our various market segments, right? And so, naturally, we're going to be focusing heavily in merchant, on technology and high-valued e-commerce because there's a very strong secular growth trends there. 
With that being said, Royal and the team -- broader team are doing an excellent job as well with the traditional merchant business. So we're not going to turn our back on these other businesses, but you will see us continue to focus on where we see high secular growth. Capital Markets, we're seeing a lot going on in RegTecH, which is why we highlighted the consolidated audit trail success there. So anywhere we see these high secular growth trends, we're going to sell into them. We think we got excellent technology to deliver against them. And you'll absolutely see those just grow at a much higher growth rate.

Yes, Bob, at the highest level, there's really no change. I mean, obviously, we're very focused on integrating the Worldpay transaction. With that being said, we'll do -- even now, we'll do small tuck-in type acquisitions to augment growth in areas that we're seeing going on in the segments. As you said, we've got plenty of cash flow to not only pay down the debt as Woody described, also, not only to continue to maintain our dividend going forward, but also to make small tuck-in acquisitions. Once we feel like we've got the integration of Worldpay behind us, we want to make sure that we drive accelerated growth. We're looking for also drive an accelerated shareholder value. We'll then look to see if there's some broader M&A activity. But M&A is going to continue to play an important role in our strategy as we look for ways to accelerate our growth further.

Yes. No, most of our sales success, what we're seeing, obviously, we highlighted a number of key wins, but you're really seeing it around our new technology, new innovation, new solutioning, right? We highlighted the merger of 2 very large regional banks coming together to form almost $50 billion institution, and they selected to come with FIS, even though the other bank that was acquiring our bank. So -- and that's all just based on the innovations around core bank processing, which was a question highlighted earlier and also our omnichannel digital experience. We're also seeing it across all of our real-time faster payments type solutions. We've highlighted a lot on this call around merchant. Certainly, in Capital Markets, we're seeing strong growth in RegTech and some of the other areas. 
What I'm really excited about is just how much of it is really now coming into our full-blown SaaS models, right? We've talked a lot about this. On this quarter, it was really nice to see Capital Markets' growth with actually flat license fees and accelerated -- significant acceleration on the SaaS deployment of software. And so it really gives us high confidence as we lean in into -- going into next year and as Woody talked about, our accelerated growth targets. So all of that makes us feel really good about what we're seeing going into 2020.

Yes. No, I think it's a great question, Matt. Absolutely, the teams have met. We've got a full plan around improving our auth rates and reducing our fraud rates, the whole end-to-end. We're evaluating, does even close loop makes sense. So there's a lot of opportunities here that the combined asset pool of the combined company can drive into the future. 
As we've talked about on prior calls, really need to look to those things starting to come online, 18 months and after because there's work. I mean, Woody highlighted, even our loyalty as a currency, where we're bringing that online in a fully integrated manner in the first half of next year. So we do have to do work as we pull these together, but the quick answer is, the teams are highly engaged and we've got a lot of governance around that, and we'll continue to drive to that because we think there's a lot of opportunity on that beyond -- in the 18 months out time frame.

No, I wouldn't say it's complete at all. I think Woody was just trying to highlight something that drove a big piece of the early synergies win that we highlighted. There were other things that were in that number as well. But as we look for opportunities to leverage our scale, whether it's in debit routing merchant referral services even some of the things we talked about on the last question that will continue to drive and accelerate the revenue. 
We really have identified 6 major areas that we're focused on today. The teams have rallied around those. We built detailed plans around that, whether it's investment in software for development purposes, et cetera, or just sales plans and sales tactics and execution. And I can tell you, we're way down the path on all of those major categories. And as we come into future quarters, we'll give you more and more highlights as we see that revenue ramp. 
But last quarter, we increased the amount of revenue for next year from a cross-sell standpoint. Given the quick out-of-the-shoot successes we've had, we're actually very excited and feel that number is -- we're certainly much more confident in that number as we go into it. And then in future quarters, we'll give more and more detail for you.

Yes. Look, I mean, we've talked a lot in the past. Obviously, we've got a large ATM business in India. We've got a lot of large now and growing core banking business in India. We were very successful in leveraging a lot of the new charters that were launched in India as a mandate by the government. So we've successfully launched those. We'll leverage, obviously, those customers to cross-sell further payment capabilities in it. We've talked about e-commerce, which we think there's a real opportunity to leverage more e-com in India as well. But it's really going to be a combination of all of our capabilities that will continue to allow us to accelerate our India growth rates.

Yes. What I would tell you, Tien-Tsin, we've talked about this in the past. We're not seeing any acceleration in loss rates or pricing compressions been a fact for years in our banking and Capital Markets business. So we -- and we're not seeing really an acceleration of that as well. I mean, it seems to be pretty consistent. I would tell you, I don't think it's necessarily slowing, but we feel great about the share we're winning and feel great about our competitive positions. But we don't see that as an accelerating headwind going into next year and gives us that much more confidence as we look into next year.

Well, let's go to the first one that is both of the merchant deals were competitive takeaways. And so we're excited about that. 
When you look at the Capital Markets opportunity that we talked about, I don't know that we're at the inflection point. Q4 naturally has a heavy license component and always has been. We talked about how we've got to balance from a sales standpoint of our license grow over compared to our SaaS model. We think this quarter was just a great execution by the team. They really did just a really nice job with that management. And so it's certainly is a strong indicator, you'll see reoccurring revenue and Capital Markets continue to accelerate. But we're still -- it will still be next couple of years before we get truly license fees down in a range, what you're seeing in banking, which is a very small percentage.

I'll take the first one on the merchant conversations. I think if you look, one of the things that we were excited about when we put the combination Worldpay together, was just how much they have spent on next-generation technologies themselves, right? So you look at FIS, we've talked a lot about our modernization efforts, our transformation efforts. I would tell you, Worldpay, what the very similar process, whether it's their acquiring platform in the U.K. or, frankly, stuff they've done with high-value and integrated payments and then e-commerce. And so when we're talking to the -- to our bank referrals for merchant referral programs, they see the benefits of that investment, they see the technology and what it can drive and how it can help them differentiate and actually grow their revenue streams. 
From a pricing standpoint, like all the industries, it's price competitive out there. And we think our scale allows us to compete and the investments we've made, we think allows us to compete in that category very, very effectively. And are we seeing increases in price competition? Honestly, I'm not from my chair, but I would tell you, it's always been price competitive, right? And I think FIS is in a real good position to compete on that.

I'm excited by the strength of our performance following the Worldpay acquisition and the progress we've made in bringing our 2 great teams together. I'd like to thank our more than 55,000 associates across the globe who are working hard every day to deliver exceptional results for our clients and shareholders. 
If you have any questions following today's call, please reach out to our Investor Relations team. I couldn't be more excited about the future of FIS, and I want to thank you for joining us today.