Thank you, Pete. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Today, I'm very pleased to announce our Q4 and full year earnings results. 2018 was a very good year for FIS as we consistently and successfully executed on the strategic plan we discussed during our Investor Day last May.
While impacted throughout the year by revenue mix especially in our institutional and wholesale division, we exceeded profitability and earnings expectations and met revenue expectations for the full year.
From a strategy delivery viewpoint, we exceeded our plans on data center consolidation, solution modernization and sales execution, which gives us strong confidence as we start out 2019. This confidence allows us to continue building on our multiyear track record of delivering solid revenue growth, exceptional margin expansion and significant shareholder returns.
For the year, total shareholder returns exceeded the S&P 500 by approximately 17%, driven by consolidated margin expansion of 280 basis points, adjusted earnings per share growth of 22.5% and a return of over $1.6 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends.
These results underscore the resiliency of our business model and showcase our ability to create both short- and long-term value for our shareholders, while executing on our modernization and transformation strategies.
Over the last 3 years, we have strategically tuned our solution portfolio, resulting in divestitures of over $1 billion in annual revenue. During the same period, the market has rewarded our business performance with a $15 billion increase in our market capitalization, representing almost 80% growth over that period.
Our financial services focused solutions portfolio combined with our large and loyal client base have enabled us to grow through dynamic market conditions. We exited 2018 with very strong sales momentum and pipeline. Our full year sales results were the strongest in our company's history. And as is typical, Q4 was our strongest new sales quarter of the year. This sales success resulted in a significant increase in our contract backlog that Woody will discuss later in the call. This not only gives us confidence in 2019, but in our long-term outlook.
Across the company, we continue to see more demand for Software as a Service deployments, which will continue to increase our overall reoccurring revenue, predictability in earnings and free cash flow.
Moving to Slide 5 for a review of the segment highlights. Our Integrated Financial Solutions segment drove top line organic revenue growth of 2.5% for the quarter and 4% for the year. As previously discussed, our annual revenue growth for this segment is at the high end of its range and continues to accelerate year-over-year. Margins expanded by 90 basis points in the quarter and 60 basis points for the year.
Additionally, our mass enablement strategy is accelerating product penetration within our markets, using an innovative and faster deployment model. This transformative approach leverages our investments in data center and solution modernization and is a key growth initiative, generating more than $10 million of new revenue in 2018. We expect this deployment methodology to continue to accelerate growth as we bring innovative solutions to market.
Based on the success in 2018 from a revenue and sales perspective and the deployment innovations I just discussed, we are expecting this segment to further accelerate its growth in 2019 by approximately 100 basis points. This organic growth is highly reoccurring in nature, with strong industry-leading margins and very high free cash flow conversion.
The IFS segment had its largest sales quarter in Q4 with over $800 million in new contract value, resulting in a growth rate of more than 25% in new contract sales for the full year. Several of these wins highlight not only the variable size of institutions we serve, but the complexity of solution the market is looking for FIS to deliver. For example, a top 25 U.S. financial institution expanded its long-standing FIS relationship by entering into a new multiyear agreement to outsource the bank's wealth management services. With this move, the bank is reducing its cost by utilizing FIS variable cost operating model and gaining robust new capabilities by migrating to the industry-leading suite of FIS wealth solutions. In another example, a $20 billion U.S. community bank selected FIS as its core banking and digital provider in support of the bank's goal to modernize its environment, transform its branches and make better use of business intelligence and analytics across its enterprise.
This bank has traditionally run a series of discrete products on premise in a highly customized manner. FIS' ability to leverage our next-generation, cloud-based, omni-channel digital platform, DIGITAL ONE, with our extensive capabilities and scaled outsourcing of core processing and back office services was the key differentiator in winning this business against the competition.
As we discussed in May of last year, our historical investment over the last 3 years in data center and solution modernization is showing value in these large complex wins throughout the industry. Our IFS payments division also continues to deliver strong growth, supported by increased transaction volume and competitive sales wins. As an example of just one of the key in-quarter wins for our payments division, the U.S. arm of a top tier global financial institution of more than $100 billion signed a multiyear payment outsourcing agreement with FIS in support of its goals to grow revenue and implement a market-leading Payments-as-a-Service solution, supporting both business-to-business and consumer-to-business transactions. Our industry-leading solutions in this space were the key drivers for this win.
Our significant investments in modernization and technology are also paying dividends with key new wins in the large U.S. bank market. We have discussed on many calls that we think the large regionals will start to move towards modernization of their platforms and we believe our successes in 2018 are significant indicators that transformation is starting to take place. These transformations will occur not only with our next-generation capabilities, but will be consumed through our industry-leading cloud deployment on a subscription basis in most, if not all situations.
Turning to our Global Financial Solutions segment, the business recorded top line organic growth of nearly 4% for the quarter and 2% for the full year. Margins across this segment expanded by 400 and 470 basis points compared to the prior year quarter and year.
While we are very pleased with this continued transformation, revenue growth is being impacted by the movement to outsourcing and the recent accounting change on license recognition, and therefore, creating a mix issue. However, the profit contribution in the revenue is of much higher quality. Because of our growing scale in this market, we are now seeing EBITDA margins approach 40% on an ongoing basis and will continue to expand in the future. This expansion was driven by continual improvements in the segment's SaaS revenue, data center consolidation and leverage across all our key business functions. Given our current level of margins, which have improved by over 1,400 basis points since 2015, the profit contribution being delivered from this segment has more than doubled.
Turning to our divisions within the GFS segment. Results in our institutional and wholesale division fell short of expectations due to the revenue mix and accounting change I highlighted earlier. As we have seen throughout the industry, our trading and brokerage business has been impacted by lower volumes and slower than anticipated sales.
We believe our trading business will continue to be a headwind for this division, but will continue to be offset by the higher-quality SaaS sales that are occurring in our buy side and compliance and regulatory businesses. Our growth in SaaS deployment sales was up 25% in this division, which also saw significant growth to more than 20% in new logo competitive wins where our industry-leading I&W capabilities replaced many significant competitors.
Our banking division saw nice growth, fueled in part by the industry's need for a clear path towards a modern banking solution. For example, a large multinational bank has selected our cloud native next-generation core banking platform to expand its presence in the U.S. In addition to core banking, this client will also take advantage of our DIGITAL ONE omni-channel platform that I referenced in the IFS segment.
Our ability to get leverage from our overall development cycle is paying huge dividends for our ongoing margin as well as growth expansion. This new deal adds a premier client logo to the long list of clients, who have relied on FIS to launch a digitally focused bank in support of their growth strategies. Our GFS payments business also had an exceptionally strong quarter and full year. Much of this growth was driven by strong payment transaction volumes in Latin America and competitive new sales wins.
As previously announced, we have successfully closed our Brazilian joint venture and entered into a new 5-year commercial agreement with our former JV partner. We are very pleased to have closed on this transaction 6 months earlier than planned, providing us a faster start in getting a wider portfolio of our solutions into this expanding and attractive market.
I was recently in India and met with several of the largest Tier 1 institutions in the country and universally, they are all looking for ways to modernize their core digital and payments infrastructure. Given our market presence and historical success in the country, we are well positioned to capture these transformations in the future.
In conclusion, our GFS segment, we remain confident in continued acceleration of revenue growth in 2019 compared to the prior year period and bullish on the ongoing business transformation that is occurring on SaaS deployment and continued market share gains.
Moving to Slide 6. Focusing next on some of our large-scale corporate initiatives that our leadership team has remained focused on executing our strategy, which we outlined for you last May during our investor conference. In summary, we continue to transform our operating environment through our cloud and data center consolidation strategy.
Currently, more than 55% of our North American distributed systems portfolio is running in our cloud environment, well ahead of the 50% target that we announced at the start of 2018. By year-end, we expect this percentage to increase to over 65% on a global basis.
Due to this success, we exited the year ahead of the $100 million in run rate savings that we shared with you at our last investor conference.
We are continuing to fine-tune our service management, capacity on demand and fast provisioning, so that our clients benefit from industry-leading scale, uptime performance and resiliency in a fully secure or FIS environment.
We have begun to see early positive reaction to our new modern banking and payments platforms. These new solutions are enabling our clients to run and grow their businesses more effectively by connecting with their customers through more modern and meaningful experiences. In proof points that our investments are delivering differentiating value, our new cloud-based DIGITAL ONE platform has already grown to serve more than 10 million consumers in the U.S. in 2018. Additionally, we onboarded more than 50 clients to our unified payments platform in 2018 and expect that number to expand dramatically throughout 2019.
Finally, we have once again been named a Fortune most admired company and for the fourth year in a row, we sit atop the Chartis RiskTech100 rankings.
Before I turn the call over to Woody for the financial review, we strongly believe that scale and solution capability is the key to driving continued growth and meeting the demands of a very rapidly changing industry. As you know, inorganic growth opportunities have been and will continue to be a key component of our long-term success. Our approach and strategy towards these opportunities has not changed. If it fits our overall strategy, drives accelerated growth for our company and is actionable, we will execute accordingly.
I'd like to reaffirm that we are pleased with our full year 2018 results and the momentum we have created. We expect this positive momentum to continue into 2019 and beyond as we continue to execute the transformation and modernization strategies discussed last May.
Woody will now provide additional detail on the financial results for the quarter and full year. Woody?

Yes. Given our sales success throughout 2018, Dave, we actually see both segments accelerating growth rate going into 2019. But as Woody talked about Q1 and GFS given the grow over will be the low watermark for the full year.

Well, the first on the competitive front, David, we talked a lot about this. We think that the market's going to continue to need to consolidate. Scale's going to be a key contributor to be able to compete and grow. And certainly, historically, FIS has participated in those inorganic activities. We will always look for opportunities that center around our 3 main verticals, whether it's retail banking, payments or institutional wholesale. We want to take good care of the capital in the company that our shareholders entrusted to us and certainly, as we look for opportunities that can accelerate our growth rate and help us grow our scale, that's going to be important. When you look at industry consolidation across the various financial institutions, we actually modeled going into 2019 a very consistent level of industry consolidation. It's very hard to predict when these announcements are going to occur. It's very hard to predict what the impact could be, both positive and negative, depending on how the institutions come together. But at this point in time, in 2019, for modeling purposes, we've modeled consistent over 2018 from a consolidation standpoint.

And as we highlighted throughout the call, David, you see a number of really large wins for us across 2018 and where large institutions are doing just that modernization and investment. So to Woody's point, that should be -- that could be a positive tailwind for us.

I think, Brad, we're seeing it in the sales cycle. I think larger institutions are looking at their total cost of ownership. They're looking at their legacy technology depth that they have in place. We're running it on premise. Frankly, as I look at our more modern solutions and being able to consume that with the investments that we're delivering in our private cloud surrounded by our robust security measures, so they're seeing higher availability, lower total cost of ownership. And as we discussed, we just -- we felt for a long time, the industry is going to start moving in that direction. And for years, classic community banks, what we define as community banks were all outsourcing. But now as you move up-market, you see $20 billion institutions, $100 billion institutions now looking for ways to leverage our investment and scale around technology and modernization. And that's just playing out in our sales efforts, including the I&W side. As I highlighted in the call, our sales on SaaS model deployments in I&W were up significantly year-over-year and that's just an indicator of the market looking for ways to lower their total cost of ownership and leverage our scale and investment.

Yes. As you can see, we're well ahead of where we thought we would be on data center consolidation and the return we're getting on that investment through not only cost saves, but just availability and market recognition has been very beneficial. So we want to continue to lean in on that program and accelerate that for the remaining couple of years.

We talked about that last May in our investor update. As you think about it, the industry -- we've been a leader in this industry for the last 50 years. And as we think about where the future is, clearly, there's a tremendous amount of legacy technology that's going to have to be modernized for the future. It's going to have to be built with cloud deployment from the ground up. And so we do see a hump here where we're going to have to invest at a level. But as we talked about in May, we see that declining back to more normalized levels once we've moved our legacy technology and application to the future. And the whole industry will have to go through this process. You're seeing it with every call. As Woody highlighted, when you look at the BB&T-SunTrust combination, they highlighted the need to be able to invest in innovation and digital. That's just really a different way of saying needing to move their technology stack from historical positions to the future. And so we'll see this run in the 7s as we're doing today. We also -- but we'll see the advantages of that. And then once we get through this curve over the next couple of years, you'll see it return back to the normalized 5% to 6% as we discussed in May.

Yes. That's right. I mean, if you look, the sales success was very, very strong last year. And to Woody's point, the highly recurring nature of our business going into '19, we don't have any more risk than what we would have in 2018. It's just good strong sales performance. And now we've got to onboard those sales and get the results of that and then continue to sell through the year.

Yes. No. Look, Darrin, I mean, as we talked about consistently, inorganic activities will play a role in our strategy. You've seen us focus on cleaner portfolio. I would tell you that work's done. You've seen us focused on strengthening our balance sheet. I would tell you that work's done. You've seen our investment strategies and the results of that with margin expansion, so we feel great about the position the company's in. We feel great about our ability to compete in the industry today as we currently said. With that as a backdrop, we would be interested in pursuing something inorganically, if it fits our strategy. We want to find something that will definitely accelerate our growth rate. We also want to find something that fits within our financial services focus. We're interested as I think about the company, I think about 3 broad categories and I think about them on a global basis. So we think about retail banking, we think about payments and we think about institutional and wholesale. And there's a number of opportunities within each of those areas that could make sense from a strategy viewpoint. Of course, they would have to be actionable and have to make financial sense, but we do believe that the market will continue to consolidate, both on the provider side as well as on the financial institution side and financial services side. So -- and scale is going to continue to drive and be a differentiator. The need to invest to continue to modernize, both the technology and application layers and to innovate around those, so that our customers can deal with various disruptors in the industry are going to be important and scale will contribute to that.

Yes. No. We did see some impact in some of our trading platforms due to volatility, but I also highlighted last year we had a great year of new logo wins in the I&W business where our products continue to take share from a lot of the competition in that space. So we're excited about some of the results that we've seen in that. Of course, our SaaS sales are way up as well. We got a number of different products. So pricing is never answered just on a simple unit price, but most of our products are tied to -- from a pricing viewpoint, tied to some type of unit price and then hosting with license fees wrapped around that in the I&W space.

Yes. No. I mean, as Woody mentioned and we tried to cover some of that in the prepared remarks, honestly, we've seen good growth across all of the subsegments within IFS. So we've highlighted some really nice core banking wins in 2008 on a -- on actually an outsourced basis or in a SaaS deployment. We think that trend's going to continue, our pipeline looks good there as we bring new capabilities in market. We've seen some strengthening in our payments business throughout 2018 and going into 2019. We've seen some great results around mass enablement, around that customer base and ability to really innovatively deploy products faster into that market and that's going to expand. So -- and when you look at the digital footprint, we highlighted our new DIGITAL ONE platform that we brought to market in 2018, saw a lot of opportunity for that in the GFS segment in 2018, which helped overdrive some of the banking business there, but that's actually now deploying in our IFS market, so getting good reception on that. So we're really seeing our sales effort hitting on all cylinders. We tend to skew towards the larger side of community banking historically and we've highlighted a number of examples in the script of where that came through in the quarter.

I think it's early to say what the response is. We've got to see how that combination transpires. I would say, in general, if you look at the large regionals or really large community institutions, we're seeing in our sales success throughout 2018, really starting to see a strong demand to modernize the platform. So a lot of those institutions have been dealing with a level of technology and application debt for years and they're looking for how do we modernize our platforms and lower total cost of ownership. We've highlighted a couple of examples in the script, where a $100 billion institution moved to a much more robust Payments as a Service solution, leveraging all of FIS' capabilities and leveraging our cloud-based deployments. We highlighted another $20 billion institution that really is moving from a series of discrete solutions that they were leveraging in-house development resources to bring together and really taking advantage of the full solution suite of FIS. And those are just indicators that while people are looking to merge and grab scale, so they can have investment dollars to accelerate their innovation and change. All of them are still talking about the need to change. So do we think there will be further consolidation? As Woody talked about, we don't believe it's going to accelerate over where it was in 2018, but it's very hard to predict.

Yes. No. I think I would add one more. I think the trend towards outsourcing or SaaS deployment leveraging our investment around cloud. So our data center consolidation is really driving 2 things. One, it is driving cost reductions. We've highlighted that. But it's really elevating our technology stack to a much more modern architecture and deployment with much higher resiliency. And so all of those things are feeding into people wanting to leverage that investment that FIS has made. And so therefore, as we've talked in the past, as we move from on-premise deployment to SaaS deployment, you're going to see a much higher revenue stream, larger contracts, et cetera. But I think those 3 things are really driving the increase in growth rates that we've talked about.

Yes. The point you made about mass enablement, we're very excited about it. It obviously generated a relatively small amount in 2018, but that's accelerating dramatically going into '19. And really how did you -- one of the things -- a lot of the things our clients are asking for is how do you get product to market faster? How do you remove friction through that process? And so we've spent a lot of money on innovating to be able to bring some of those solutions, not one at a time but how do we deploy a new capability across 100, across 500, across 1,000 customers. And we think it's going to make a real impact as we continue to innovate around that and bring more and more capability to market faster.

Yes. No. I think that is fair. We highlighted data center consolidation. We just wrapped up the third year of data center consolidation and we're very pleased at where we are on the run rate cost takeout. As I highlighted in the script, we're ahead of where we originally thought. So we still have another 2 to 3 years left globally on that. We've got 2 years in the domestic. So we're going to continue to push through that, and we're going to continue to drive a total of more than $250 million of cost saves out of just that 1 exercise. But it's more important to understand where the end state's going to be at that point in time. And at that point in time when you look at resiliency, when you look at the level of cloud-based computing we're going to have in the industry, when you look at our security posture, we're going to have a great environment for our clients and our prospects to take advantage of it. And then when you build the application modernization, innovation that we'll bring into market, we're excited about the future at FIS.

Well, first, we've got a great long-term relationship with Bradesco. They just -- we now have got a 5-year commercial agreement with them, so they're still going to be a great substantial client going forward. But you're right, George, it really does free up the ability now for us to bring more product, more capability into that market. Historically, the way the JV worked, we were somewhat encumbered because everything had to come through that joint venture. And therefore, a lot of customers weren't interested, given the ownership structure. So it does now free us up to move new product and capability in market. Woody was just down there. I know he met with a lot of the clients in the market and a lot of the prospects. I would tell you our sales team is very excited. We're also already moving some of our capabilities down there, so I think Brazil is going to be a very good market for us going forward.

Yes. No. Obviously, we think so, Andrew, and we're seeing that in our sales cycle. We're seeing sales accelerate year-over-year. We're seeing growth rates accelerate year-over-year. We're seeing margins accelerate year-over-year. And all of that's about our consistent strategy around modernization, both technology and the application layer in. You're right. The industry is looking for more flexibility. They're looking for more speed. They're looking for higher availability. And you're not going to get that through the historical technology stacks. And it's -- obviously, it's a heavy lift that all providers will need to go through. We're just moving into our fourth year of that. And so we do feel good that you'll continue to see our growth rates trend up. And given the reoccurring nature of our revenue, we'll continue to be very predictable and we'll lead the industry with regards to margin as well. So we're very confident in the investments. We've been very consistent on the strategy. And we think the long-term outcome for the company is going to be a much stronger growth rate as we deploy this.

Yes. We've been fairly consistent. We saw Europe return slower than what -- than some of our other geos, but we had a really good year in Europe with regards to sales demand and we have a good pipeline going into '19 on Europe. I mean, one of the things that we're doing and I referenced in the script, not only are we making all this investment in technology, we're getting better leverage across the 2 segments. So we're building out an omni-channel digital -- next-generation digital platform called DIGITAL ONE. Great success with that in the U.S. in 2018 in the GFS market. You're seeing us deploy that very rapidly in the IFS market. You're going to also see us push that into other geos around the world. So we're getting more leverage out of our investment as well across the various segments. We're doing the same thing with regard to our data center consolidation and our technology stack. As we move more of our compute into the cloud, both segments are able to take advantage of that with industry-leading availability and cost. So all of these things, we think we'll be able to continue to expand in the various geos we're in. We highlighted some opportunities we have in Brazil. we still see good opportunities in Europe, especially in the U.K. and certain Western European countries. And then in Asia, we continue to have good solid growth in Asia. And we think all of that will continue.

Yes. Ramsey, I do think we're seeing that. I think the recovery has been slow, and I think that financial institutions broadly are realizing that they're now having to open up their spend and actually start spending money on next-generation technologies. And we're seeing the results of that in our sales cycle. They really are looking for how to achieve a higher level of availability and risk posture. You're not going to do that unless you really embrace some of these new cloud technologies. They're really looking for what are built digitally native from the ground up. How do we drive more open API framework, so we can build around the edges. And all of those things, FIS has been investing in very heavily, whether it's Code Connect, which we launched last year, which we're seeing great adoption, which is truly a new fully open API framework, whether it's some of our next-generation components that we're now bringing to market. We highlighted a large bank that's entering the U.S. with a digital institution that's going to take our cloud native core banking solution surrounded by DIGITAL ONE or our omni-channel digital platform. Also as you go over into the I&W space, we're seeing a lot of demand and highlighted that with our new logo sales. That's indications of our clients now looking to move from their historically in-house developed products or even third-party products that they customized and cobbled together moving to the future. So yes, I do think that IT spend is opening up in the market, and we're seeing in our sales cycle FIS be the beneficiary of that.

Thank you for joining us today and for your ongoing interest in FIS. We are pleased to deliver another year of strong revenue, profitability, performance and earnings growth. We have a robust pipeline heading into 2019 with positive sales momentum. Combined with our business model and consistent execution of our strategy, we are confident that we are paving the way for a successful 2019 and beyond. I'd like to thank our loyal clients who depend on and trust us to keep their businesses running and growing every day. And I'd like to thank our leaders and employees for their hard work and dedication in serving our clients. It's because of both that FIS continues to empower the financial world. Thank you for joining us today.