Thank you, Nate. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. 
We achieved very strong start to the year, exceeding our expectations across the board in the first quarter. As shown on Slide 5, we realized accelerating revenue growth, exceptionally strong new sales and significantly expanded margins across all our operating segments. Our Worldpay revenue synergies are also accelerating through increased cross-selling as well as ramping volumes on prior synergistic sales. As a result, we are increasing our 2021 and 2022 revenue synergy targets to $600 million and $700 million, respectively.  
During the quarter, we leveraged our continually strong free cash flow to begin buying back stock, fund our increased dividend and make strategic investments in intriguing new companies that are accelerating new capabilities and pushing the boundaries of financial technology. I'm also pleased to share that we divested our remaining minority position in Capco in April, netting a very positive return for our shareholders in over $350 million in proceeds for our remaining stake. 
These exceptional results demonstrate the strength of our business model, the success of our client-centric focus and our disciplined capital allocation strategy. Given that focus, we consistently invest in platform and solution innovation in the areas of greatest demand. As a result, FIS is the most modern scale provider in market with a unique suite of solutions that enable our clients to transform their environments, grow their businesses and engage with their customers in dynamic new ways. 
We are quickly becoming 1 of only 8 companies in the S&P 500 with revenues approaching $14 billion, growing more than 7% with an already high and expanding mid-40s EBITDA margins. We believe there is no one in our industry better positioned. With our strong start to the year, we expect accelerating organic revenue growth and strong earnings throughout 2021, giving us the confidence to raise our full year guidance.  
Turning to Slide 6. In banking, new sales grew 17% year-over-year, reflecting a 24% CAGR since the first quarter of 2019 as our investments in new solutions continue to yield impressive results not only in our traditional business but in emerging areas as well. For example, Green Dot, the world's largest prepaid debit card company with over $58 billion in annual volume, chose to expand our relationship this quarter to now include one of our B2B solutions to support their commercial customers as well as our online chat and social media solution for customer care to serve their mobile digital bank. 
In addition, we are helping large financial institutions to upgrade their legacy technology by moving to our next-generation cloud-based solutions. BMO Harris selected the modern banking platform this quarter, making them our 11th large win. And I'm pleased to share that 40% of our earlier wins are already live due to our software's elegant and modular design. This rapid onboarding continues to give us confidence in our accelerated revenue growth outlook for the remainder of the year. BMO chose to partner with us because of our open cloud-native and scalable platform, which will help them modernize the services they provide to their customers, speed new products to market and increase their operational efficiency.  
Vietnam's largest bank, BIDV, also chose FIS to upgrade their core banking software to harness the power of our global reach and world-class scale. With this win, we are now the core processor of Vietnam's 2 largest banks. 
As we think about continuing to increase our growth, we have several new solutions in our banking segment that we've launched recently and more in the pipeline to be released later this year. To highlight a few examples, PaymentsOne is the newest and most modern card issuing platform in the market, delivering an agile and frictionless payments experience across all card types on one unified platform. We spent the past year migrating more than 1,000 of our issuing clients to this platform and have also seen strong demand from new clients where we've already installed more than 300 new financial institutions since the launch of this solution.  
RealNet is another innovative new solution being launched, which enables account-to-account transactions over real-time payment networks across the globe. This cloud-native SaaS platform will function as a network of networks, allowing our clients to seamlessly leverage multiple payment types to transact effortlessly around the world and cross borders in real time. RealNet is proof of our strategy to support the global movement of money across the entire financial ecosystem for our clients in banking, merchant and capital markets.  
We've also launched an industry-first cryptobanking solution, which we created in partnership with NYDIG. Traditionally, consumers and corporations had to go outside of their existing banking relationships to acquire Bitcoin. Once an FIS core banking client enables this capability, their customers will be able to view and transact their Bitcoin holdings alongside their traditional accounts in a single view. 
Our new solution taps into the advanced functionality of Digital One to provide consumers with a user-friendly in-app experience. It will also allow our banking clients to grow their businesses through a new source of income by providing Bitcoin services through a seamless, easy-to-use digital experience. Each of these new launches reflect the power of our technology innovation and deep domain expertise.  
Turning to Merchant on Slide 7. We revamped our go-to-market strategy, significantly improving new sales results as evidenced by our exceptional 76% growth. Our new sales success doesn't just reflect easy comps. New sales were up 39% over the first quarter of 2019, translating to an 18% CAGR over the past 2 years. We continue to successfully expand our financial institution partner program to serve SMBs. 
As an example, we formed an exclusive merchant referral partnership with CIT Bank this quarter. In this strategic takeaway, we will cross-sell merchant processing to CIT's over 45,000 customers, expanding on an already successful relationship with our banking segment.  
We also continue to expand our leading ISV partner network, adding 20 new ISVs in the U.K. this quarter as well as several more in the U.S. and Canada that span a diverse range of verticals from retail, hospitality, salons and spas to event ticketing, education, property management and many others.  
As we look at large enterprise and leading global brands, we are the provider of choice due to our unique omnichannel capabilities, expansive global reach and best-in-class authorization rates. As an example, we won 80 new global e-commerce clients this quarter, more than doubling our new sales from last year. To keep pace with the demand, we are investing to grow our sales force by over 300 more professionals this year. 
During the quarter, for example, we won impressive new clients like HelloFresh, the well-known meal kit delivery company; and DiDi, which is the Uber of China. We also won a diverse set of marquee clients such as Intercontinental Exchange; BetBull, a premier online sports betting company; and The Nature Conservancy, a preeminent global conservation organization. 
We continue to consistently win share in travel and airlines, including Norwegian Cruise Lines this quarter, and expect leading companies like this to accelerate rapidly as the industry recovers.  
As we think about newly formed high-growth sectors, FIS is the leading acquirer for cryptocurrency, with revenue from this vertical growing by 5x over last year. OKCoin, a leading cryptocurrency exchange, selected FIS this quarter to help them grow their business. We serve 5 of the top 10 digital asset exchanges and brokerages globally, including innovators like Coinbase and BitPay. 
The results of our investment in new and modernized merchant technology is certainly showing in our sales success throughout our various merchant verticals. During the quarter, we successfully completed the final client migrations to our next-generation acquiring platform, also known as NAP, which enables us to offer a more agile experience and modular offering while still providing tailored solutions for our clients. We processed over 1.8 billion transactions on NAP during the first quarter and continue to expect accelerating growth now that we are aggressively selling in market.  
In addition to our new fully launched acquiring platform, we have seen tremendous success with the launch of our new gateway. Through our new simple APIs, merchants can go live on our platform faster while still benefiting from our full global breadth and sophisticated solutions. Our new APIs provide a seamless, easy-to-integrate single point of access for our clients, and transactions are ramping exponentially, ending the first quarter at more than 4 million transactions per day. This represents more scale than all but 2 of our largest e-com competitors in less than 2 years post launch. All of this shows that FIS is increasingly differentiated by our ability to bring innovation at scale that is enterprise ready from day 1 in a way that few can claim or offer today.  
In addition to leveraging our innovative portfolio of technology assets, our clients are also relying on us to support their expansion into new geographic markets. This quarter, we expanded our services into South Africa, Nigeria and Malaysia, and we plan to bring online several more countries later this year. Since the combination with Worldpay, FIS has now brought acquiring to 9 new countries.  
Turning to Slide 8. In Capital Markets, we have made remarkable progress since acquiring SunGard in 2015. We completely changed the revenue growth profile from persistent declines to accelerating top line growth. And I'm pleased to say that we are now consistently growing faster than our peers. We simultaneously improved margins and moved the business to over 70% reoccurring revenue. 
During the first quarter, average deal size increased 36% with new logos representing 30% of new sales, clearly showing that we are winning share. New sales of our SaaS-based reoccurring revenue solutions are also very strong, increasing by 57% this quarter.  
For example, our differentiated solutions and deep treasury expertise are motivating the leading corporate, like GlaxoSmithKline, to select FIS to power their treasury management systems. In addition, our comprehensive suite of solutions, strong track record and speed of implementations is very attractive to emerging fintechs like Acorns and Robinhood. These 2 fintechs are utilizing our solutions to further drive financial inclusion.  
As another example, Futu is a next-generation online broker-dealer who selected FIS this quarter to help power their growth in securities, finance and trading.  
Securian Financial is a great example of a diversified financial services company who partnered with us this quarter to deliver a leading cloud-based risk modeling and management platform. They selected FIS because they needed a partner who could support their growth and scale, while at the same time being nimble enough to help them quickly respond to changing regulatory requirements.  
I'd like to conclude my prepared remarks on Slide 9 before handing the call to Woody. The consistent execution of our strategy is driving our success. Ongoing investments in new solutions, advanced technology and expanding distribution are generating strong new sales and competitive takeaways while accelerating revenue growth across all our operating segments. Our relentless focus on achieving efficiency and scalability through automation and integration continues to enhance our profitability and margin profile.  
Lastly, we see our exceptional free cash flow generation as a competitive advantage. It allows us to consistently invest for growth and to generate superior shareholder returns through return of capital and M&A.  
In summary, our strategy is continuous transformation, pivoting to growth while simultaneously driving efficiency and scale through the strategic allocation of capital. 
I will now turn the call over to Woody to discuss our financial results and forward guidance. Woody?

Thanks, Dave.

Yes. I think we're really confident on what we're seeing during the sales side. Bruce and his team are doing a fantastic job driving sales. You see us bringing -- he's bringing a lot of new capabilities to the market. Modern banking platform has been very successful. That's why we're very confident that these onboardings are going to continue to accelerate our growth from here throughout 2021 and to 2022. 
I'll remind you, a lot of these sales, in fact, almost all of them, are just highly SaaS-enabled solutions in our cloud. So the reality is, as growth and demand grows, as new capabilities roll out on all these wins, you'll continue to see our revenue growth accelerate here. So we can't be more pleased with where the banking segment is. We've made a huge investment in banking over the last several years with new product, data center consolidation, cloud enablement, et cetera, and seeing the results of that in market now as we speak.

Yes, Ashwin, I'll let Bruce take that one.

Thanks, George.

Yes. For us, George, it's been business as usual from a competitive standpoint at this point. You see what -- our issuing business did extremely well. And I think Woody talked about it being up 10%. I highlighted in my prepared remarks the takeaway on the new PaymentsOne platform. We're seeing great growth through our NICE network. But I think the team has done a nice job of presenting our value proposition. And so for us, we're just continuing to compete in the market and take share.

Yes, Darrin, I mean, the team has done a great job of just retooling the whole go-to-market. Obviously, we had some big programs that we had to get completed with the Worldpay integration, the NAP completion and migrations completely behind us. When you look at everything we're doing on the gateway and fully launched, and you see how quickly our new gateway is ramping up and with the changes Bruce and his team has made in the go-to-market, I mean, we had great sales not only in e-com, but I mean, we had great sales across our integrated channels, our banking channels, our large enterprise and feel really great about what that's going to do as far as accelerating revenue growth in that Merchant channel.

Yes. We've talked about this on a lot of calls, Darrin. But I mean, it's really the complexity of day 1 implementation that's going to drive time line. So some of our customers that we're signing are coming on with a new capability or a new product day 1. Obviously, that launch can accelerate very, very quickly. 
The great news on that is then once you launch that solution, you'll start bringing additional products on across the deposit side of the retail bank, and then you'll move into lending, as we've talked about in the past. 
So you think about these large wins, it's not only what you're getting in revenue stream on the day 1 launch but how that revenue stream is going to accelerate over the coming years, which is why we're so excited about it. But the implementation time line still is determined a little bit by the overall complexity of the day 1 launch. 
And the team has done a remarkable job of automating these new technologies. Historically, where certain things might have taken weeks or months in the past where literally you've got them now to days or hours with automation, standing up new environments, et cetera. 
So the investments, to your point, that we've made in these newer technologies, they've really put us on a differentiated playing field in the market. And as Bruce talked about earlier, we're now starting to see the demand get generated from within the client. So now they're realizing they've got to make a move. I mean the environment's got to change. They have to embrace cloud. They've got to embrace cloud-native technologies in order to compete, to get their cost structures in alignment, to compete with the new disruptors. So we're in a really good position in -- especially in the large bank market.

Thanks, David.

Yes, Ramsey, just to build on that. I mean, to be real clear, we've seen crypto really move into an asset class, right, which is really, really a lot around investment, et cetera. And so the team has done a great job, I think, of positioning it. They'll offer it to our financial institutions, and we've had, as Bruce just mentioned, a lot of demand there. And then whether it moves truly to a point of presentment currency, that remains to be seen. But to Bruce's point, it's just been a home run with these exchanges and where we're acquiring and converting other currencies into crypto, and it's really been a nice job by the team of identifying an emerging market and taking advantage of it, and as we highlighted today, finding hyper growth because of it.

Yes, absolutely.

Yes. I'll just build on a little bit, Lisa. I mean when you look at our raise on the revenue synergies with the Worldpay integration, you see the significant contribution that all of our strategies are producing. And as you mentioned, at the start of this, we really felt confidently that, with the combination of Worldpay, FIS' expertise in these global countries could allow us to expand quite rapidly, and I think you're seeing that. 
And when you look at where we are just even on the e-com business and our new sales, our ability to launch in these new countries, bring e-commerce capabilities as a day 1 stepping point and think about our global nature of our clients in e-com, we talked about on multiple calls the enterprise nature of those customers, they're seeing that as an opportunity because now we're opening up new markets for them. And then as they open up those new markets as well, we capture that volume. So it's really a win-win combination of us absolutely penetrating into those markets but also taking our global companies on an e-com basis into that, and as they grow, we grow. 
So it's certainly a contributor to our revenue synergies. And as you see, we're raising that again on this call. So feel really good about how all this is coming together.

Thanks, Dan.

No. I think it's a combination of both. I think we're catching a tailwind on -- with -- because there is some rising demand, especially in digital enablement and self-service and in modernization. And so we're in a really good spot in the upper bank market. In the lower end, we continue to see some consolidation but we tend to be the benefactor there as well. 
But we are seeing growing IT spend as people are coming out of the pandemic. And -- but that IT spend is positioned on where we've made investment, which is cloud-native technology. So whether it's -- we highlighted PaymentsOne and the success, about 300 new financial institutions onboarding that platform in the last year, you look at what we're doing in Digital One in the movement of customers there and launching the NYDIG arrangement there or you go to monitor banking platform and look at the success and the size and scale of those. 
So I think we're well positioned in an increasing spend but -- because the spend is focused where we've made investments over the last 3 to 4 years. So we've got really good timing on the market and feel really good about it.

Yes. That's where I was going to go. I mean not only we're going to hit exactly what we thought or even exceed that where with regards to the combination. I mean, the team is doing a very nice job of now moving into the next round. 
Bruce talked earlier about how much faster we're moving, and it's really all through automation. So as you think about the next chapter of where we're taking technology, we're now taking advantage of all those historical investments. So our ability to expand margins even further in the coming years, we're very comfortable with. And we talked about that on the last call, about pushing our margins even higher in 2022 and beyond just due to all these other automation and AI-type utilizations and new technology. So we feel really good about the positioning and the outcomes.

Yes. No, I think -- I'll let Bruce build on. But Tien-Tsin, I think it absolutely allows us to lean forward on the balls of our feet more. I mean those were major programs that we had to get complete when we did the Worldpay combination. We knew that. We had to finish building out the NAP acquiring platform. We had to migrate all of the clients. Bruce talked about the success, and I did as well, of Access Worldpay. And now you're starting to see it in the sales engine. 
In fact, given the demand that we're seeing, in our prepared remarks, we talked about adding 300 more salespeople just to the merchant business. And so that could give you the indication or not the demand we're seeing and the confidence we have in our capabilities to compete and win share. And you've seen a great result of that over the last -- not only in Q1 and our sales success going back to Q1 '19, but we also saw it ramping in Q4. So I do think more and more large enterprise merchants are consolidating down to single providers. And when you get to our capabilities, our ability for the ease of access, the multicurrency, the multi-country, all on a unified, most modern platform in market, we feel great about where we are.

It's always a great question. We always look at it very hard. As you guys know, M&A is always going to be an important part of our strategy to help drive scale and new capabilities, and we've gone through that on every call. 
Our appetite's really not changed from where we were last quarter. We still think properties are really pricey in market. We are having great success organically with our sales engine. Woody highlighted the amount of stock buybacks we did in Q1. We still see the our stock price is undervalued. So we think the best company, obviously, to buy right now is ourselves. So -- but we'll continue to watch the market, and we'll continue to look for opportunities that can bring us new capabilities or that makes sense financially and the timing works and cultural lines. But -- and as long -- if we can find that, we would still be willing to do some M&A. But I don't think our viewpoint on it has really changed since Q1 at all, and you're going to continue to see us lean heavily into paying down our debt, increasing our dividend and buying back shares, all while investing in transformation and as we drive into our growth curve.

Thank you. And I want to provide some closing thoughts as we end the call. We are emerging from the pandemic with an even stronger competitive position than when we entered it. Our ongoing commitment to growth and innovation is unwavering, and we will continue to enhance our value proposition by continuous modernization of our platforms and delivering new capabilities to the market. 
Our achievements and success are built on the dedication and hard work of our colleagues, clients and communities. We rely on these key stakeholders to continue advancing commerce in the financial world. Together, we will win as one team and deliver on our commitments. 
In closing, I'd like to thank you for your investment in FIS, and our colleagues who are delivering value to our clients each and every day. We appreciate your support. 
If you have any further questions that were not addressed on this call, then please contact our Investor Relations team. Thank you. Stay safe and goodbye.