Thanks, George, and thank you all for joining us this morning. Let me begin by saying this will be Woody Woodall's last official day as Chief Financial Officer. His contributions over the past 14 years have been tremendous and he has established a firm foundation for Erik Hoag as our new CFO to build upon in the future.  
I'm also very excited. Stephanie Ferris will become President and CEO on January 1, 2023. Stephanie's 28 years of industry experience, varied executive roles and her understanding in the FIS business and industry positions her well for this promotion. I am confident in her ability to lead this company going forward and excited to continue working with her as I assume the role of Executive Chairman of the Board. Congratulations, Stephanie on this well-earned promotion. 
I'll begin on Slide 5 for a quick overview of results. In the quarter, we delivered revenue and adjusted EPS in line with our expectations, a testament to the fundamental resiliency of our business. Organic revenue growth for the quarter was 5%. Banking Solutions grew 6%, merchant Solutions grew 5% and capital markets grew 6%, all on an organic basis. Our profit margins in the Banking and Merchant Solutions businesses saw a continued pressure in the quarter. This resulted in an overall adjusted EBITDA margin contracting by 150 basis points year-on-year, primarily a function of inflationary cost pressures such as wage inflation and downstream supplier increases as well as incremental macro headwinds such as consumer weakness in the U.K. 
We are not pleased with the profitability performance of the business and are taking actions to address them. We did want to provide you some insight on the underlying performance of the businesses because given the backdrop we operate in and the continued economic slowdown we are seeing in certain geographies around the world. On the slide, you will see we provided some key growth trends with minor adjustments to help investors see the underlying performance of these businesses. As you can see, the underlying growth trends of the businesses are good in this backdrop. 
If you adjust for pandemic services, our banking revenue grew 8% during the quarter. Merchant Solutions grew 6% adjusting for Russia, Ukraine, with our eCom business growing 22%. Capital Markets had an impressive 9% growth adjusting for the volatility of license fees, which we have discussed on numerous calls.  
We also executed on our commitment of returning capital to shareholders through $1 billion of share repurchase in addition to the almost $300 million of dividends paid, while maintaining leverage at 2.9x in support of our investment-grade credit ratings.  
Turning to Slide 6. We are seeing indications of a broader economic slowdown. In Banking, as we discussed last quarter, we continue to see deals greater than $50 million, taking more time to close than we saw over the last several years. Smaller transactions in banking continued to show good momentum, which allowed us to close more new contract value this quarter as compared to the same quarter last year. 
In Merchant across the United Kingdom, we saw even greater pullback than we expected last quarter. We continue to see stability in U.S. payment volumes through the first 9 months of the year, but are beginning to see a shift in nondiscretionary spending towards the big-box merchants. Should there be economic pressure in the U.S., FIS is well positioned to capture volume shifts given our size and scale and market-leading distinction in the grocery and pharmaceutical verticals as well as our strength in enterprise card presence and e-commerce capabilities.  
Capital markets continues to exceed our expectations as our pivot to a SaaS-based go-to-market strategy has strengthened the resiliency of that segment. This strategy has also supported the profitability of this revenue as we benefit from a one-to-many operating model, allowing these clients to leverage our scale and expertise to simplify their complex needs. Given the demand for SaaS-based solutions in this segment and the continued macroeconomic issues we are seeing, our license fees each quarter will continue to come under pressure. We will continue to monitor this trend closely. 
I'll conclude with the actions we are taking to ensure long-term growth and stability. FIS investment-grade credit ratings differentiate us from others in the industry and provides us with a strong foundation during uncertain times. We will continue to fortify our balance sheet with a focus on the long term. Because of this, we currently do not anticipate taking out incremental debt in 2023 to fund share repurchase above our excess free cash flow. We will remain focused on allocating capital efficiently and should market conditions deteriorate, we will deploy our robust free cash flow to pay down upcoming maturities. 
Fortunately, the strength of our enterprise will allow us to continue to fund share repurchase with excess cash, returning incremental capital to our shareholders above and beyond our dividend. We are also announcing an Enterprise Transformation program to significantly enhance cash flows through the business with a focus on both operational excellence and prioritizing capital expenditures. As we have completed significant investment programs over the last several years, including our data center consolidation and several banking, capital markets and merchant modernization programs, we are now able to reduce our capital requirements in the future. We are reaffirming our commitment to 20% plus annual dividend growth and a 35% payout target, a true differentiator of FIS compared to others in the industry and a testament to our cash flow generation.  
With that, I'll now turn the call over to Stephanie for the operational update.

Darrin, let me add just one thing there. I mean, you did also ask about future M&A. We fundamentally do believe we're heading into a macro environment of softening. The reality is, historically, you wouldn't do M&A going into that macro environment downturn, you would do M&A when you see the trough and you're starting to come out. That's when the valuations will be at their lowest level and that would be the opportunity. 
So one of the things we're doing as we talk about fortifying the balance sheet is just that, right? It really puts us in a position to evaluate is there going to be an economic recession or not, how deep, how long, but then it will give the team an opportunity given that balance sheet to take advantage of that based on if and when that occurs and when they see the trough and the recovery. So I just wanted to share that.

Go ahead. No, go ahead, Steph.

Yes, I'd just add one -- I'd add 1 thing to it, Tien-Tsin. I mean, you used the concept super app. So I want to be real careful. We would view a super user different than a super app. Super app would dictate that we're going to do a large development. This is simply taking the success that we had with the Worldpay integration of cross-sales and amplifying that up to the next level. 
So starting to think about our really large customers across all of FIS, not within the traditional segments they housed. And Stephanie is absolutely all over driving the sales team and incenting that behavior to drive cross-sales in a more fundamental way. Our large enterprise customers, the reality is most of them need the capabilities in all 3 segments, not just the 1 segment they're in. So there's not a large development effort here. There's not a large spend effort here. There's a focused incentive that Stephanie is driving.

Yes. That was the only add I was going to have, and Stephanie just hit it, Tien-Tsin. I mean, Erik referenced, I mean, some of the margin pressure we're seeing in merchant is related to investment in the platform. So let's not -- but it's all organic internally on a well-established base. So the product has been very, very well. We're seeing very, very strong growth. It's early days but it's certainly a key component to the future of the overall merchant business, but it will be organically funded.

Thank you. In closing, I'd like to share that it has been a privilege to have served this company for more than 34 years, including serving as CEO since 2015. The company we've built is made to withstand an uncertain economic backdrop, and we will continue to build upon our leading position across the markets we serve. I look forward to staying actively engaged as Executive Chairman as we embark on the next chapter of FIS. Thank you to our 65,000 colleagues for your dedication to our clients. At FIS, we will continue to advance the way. Thank you for joining the call today.