Thank you, Pete. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to announce that FIS delivered strong results again this quarter, delivering 4% organic growth. Our sales, pipeline and revenue backlog are strong and continue to grow. These are positive signals that our clients are continuing to invest for the future.
Growth in the quarter was driven by strong sales over the prior 3 quarters as well as exceptional operational execution. The continued expansion of existing client relationships, growth of our clients through higher volumes of transactions and accounts and new client logos builds on our positive momentum as we near the end of the year. We continue to be pleased by the accelerating market momentum globally for our mission-critical products and services.
Turning to Slide 5 for key themes. In the year, we continue to make strong progress executing against our modernization and market expansion strategies, which we have shared throughout the year. Our focused investment in our enterprise DIGITAL ONE platform brings modern, best-in-class capabilities to both self-service channels such as mobile, web and tablet to banker-assisted channels like branch systems, teller, kiosk, call center and back office. Its new architecture and design provides a clear path to a modern banking experience for financial institutions around the world and allows us to expand our reach into new markets.
DIGITAL ONE has already had early success throughout 2018 in the large regional and direct bank market in the U.S. We are excited about this solution making an even broader impact to financial institutions and credit unions for the remainder of the year and throughout 2019.
Similarly, our investments in more modern payment loyalty solutions are seeing strong demand, with solid end-quarter results. These solutions are also opening new markets globally to FIS. Additionally, through our modernization focus, we continue to successfully execute on our data center consolidation strategy and expect to run more than 50% of our production workloads in our private cloud by year-end. This data center strategy is not only driving higher availability for our clients, but we're also seeing the significant cost savings flow through our results in line with our projections during our May investor update.
Based on these comprehensive modernization programs, along with other initiatives, we will continue to drive long-term scalability, growth and resiliency for FIS. As a result, we are confident that we will exit 2018 with a solid foundation that positions us well for success in 2019 and beyond.
Turning to our segments. Integrated Financial Solutions drove another strong quarter of organic growth and margin expansion. Exceeding our expectations, these results were underpinned by increased transaction and processing volumes, and as mentioned, robust year-to-date sales. Demand for our retail banking, digital, wealth and payments businesses remained strong in the quarter as our clients continue to seek more efficient and modern ways to run their operations, grow their businesses and connect with their customers across digital channels.
I'd like to share a few client highlights across our broad financial services portfolio. In a competitive core takeaway deal, a fast-growing Texas-based community bank chose FIS as its core banking platform to support its strategy to outpace its competitors, while growing and expanding into new markets. This multiyear deal also includes a full suite of ancillary solutions, including debit and image processing, fraud and new digital banking and payments capabilities, providing the bank with advanced operating efficiencies and a more modern user experience for its customers.
In addition, a global energy giant is modernizing the way it engages with customers by deploying our digital payment loyalty solution. This innovative solution enables customers to redeem earned rewards at the pump and within stores using their mobile phones. With this new deployment, the growing FIS premium payback redemption network now supports millions of consumers across more than 24,000 U.S. fuel stations.
Finally, as an example of our success in cross-selling, the depth and breadth of our solutions portfolio, a top 20 retirement plan sponsor expanded its relationships with us by selecting an outsourced FIS wealth solution to reduce its operational cost and improve servicing. This new win enables the organization to increase operational efficiencies by replacing 3 existing solutions with a single hosted retirement plan administration solution for its entire defined contribution retirement business.
As we look across the IFS spending environment, it remains robust with strong sales forecast for Q4. We continue to build on these positive results established over the last several quarters, creating momentum into 2019.
As expected, results for our Global Financial Solutions segment rebounded in the quarter, with notably strong growth for our banking and payment solutions. Also as expected, our institutional and wholesale businesses had a nice rebound over Q2. We continue to expand our leadership position in the direct bank market and have become the de facto partner of choice for institutions looking to increase deposits through direct bank offerings. For example, our enterprise DIGITAL ONE solution that I referenced earlier is powering a recently launched direct bank offering for a top 25 financial institution, joining the ranks of direct banks running on FIS technology. Another top 100 bank also selected DIGITAL ONE in the quarter to power its branch transformation strategy.
Also, as you saw after a 10-year partnership, we recently announced winding down our Brazilian joint venture. The JV was an exceptional entry point to the highly attractive Latin America payments market. Moving forward, we have the intellectual property, talent and infrastructure to effectively expand our commercial relationship for Bradesco. And more importantly, we are well positioned to gain new clients in the Latin America region. Based on our discussions in Brazil, we see the recent election as a positive to our continued long-term business expansion in the country.
As you are aware, FIS has completed several strategic divestitures since acquiring SunGard over 3 years ago. The JV transaction will complete our plan to divest businesses and allow us to offer our most focused mission-critical portfolio to date as we plan for 2019.
Looking at other international regions, we continue to gain market share and are successfully capitalizing on increasing demand for our solutions. For example, a large European payments processor became a new FIS client this quarter by entering into a multiyear debit and prepaid processing agreement. As with many of our European clients, this partnership supports the organization's strategy to more efficiently comply with the increasing demands of the European regulatory landscape.
In summary, the spend environment in our GFS segment remains strong. Our solid pipeline and sales forecast points to a strong Q4, therefore giving us confidence in our full year results as well as creating strong momentum into 2019.
Turning to Slide 6. Overall, we continue to drive solid momentum and are making very good progress on executing our strategy that will drive long-term transformational results for us and our clients, including focusing our investments and accelerating our initiatives to provide the most modern solution set in the industry, remaining on track with our data center consolidation and cloud strategy and continually driving increased efficiency within our operations.
This focused execution of our strategy has been a pervasive hallmark of our success. This month, we celebrated our 50th anniversary, a very impressive milestone for the fast-moving FinTech industry. Our 52,000 employees shared in this achievement through celebrations in more than 70 of our worldwide locations. One of our core tenets is giving back, and our employees participated in activities supporting the communities where we live and work. While employees enjoyed looking back at where we have come, they are even more energized on how we will continue to evolve FIS and remain on the forefront of solving for the future of our industry for the next 50 years.
Woody will now provide additional detail on the financial results for the quarter. Woody?

Yes -- no. It's a great question, David. We're coming off of 3 really good quarters of sales in IFS. You're seeing that flow through toward the organic growth rates. Frankly, as Woody and I both talked about, Q3 exceeded our expectations. We're looking at a strong Q4, so -- from a sales perspective and confident going into 2019. So I do think the fundamental spending environment has improved across our regional and community banks. And we're certainly seeing stronger demand for our solutions, given the fact that we're focused on our modernization strategy, movement into the cloud, the new DIGITAL ONE announcement. We're actually pretty excited that IFS will continue strong growth rates into 2019.

In fact, you're really seeing some great traction and pull-through with our data center consolidation. So you're starting to see those numbers drop to the bottom line, which is a great positive. So we're actually very confident in our guide on continued margin expansion going forward.

Thanks.

Yes. And Dave, I just want to remind you, Q4 is always a big quarter for the GFS business. It's just cyclically always a quarter in which there's a lot of decisions made by the Tier 1s around the globe. And frankly, they're cleaning out their budgets for the year they're in and preparing for their implementation of their big programs starting in the next year. So even as Woody described the smoothing out and some in next year, you'll still see Q4 as a big year next year.

And to build on that, Dave, I mean, one of the things that's exciting about this, as we've talked about in the past, it was a great partnership that allowed us to really penetrate the higher growth market of Brazil. But now that the fact that we're going to be independent, we've got a great commercial arrangement moving forward with Bradesco, but it really does allow us now to fill the full capabilities of FIS, not only in Brazil, but the broader Latin America market. So we're pretty bullish on our opportunities down there in the future, given the fact that we've now unwound the JV. In the past, we had prospects that really didn't want to enter the JV because of the Bradesco ownership. So now all of that -- all that goes away as a barrier for our sales going forward. So it's a great outcome for us.

Yes -- no. Brad, I mean, it's a great question. As we talked about, we're very far down the path of our modernization transformation. And it really spans from the technology side to data center consolidation. As you're aware, we're wrapping up year 3 of a 5-year journey. You're seeing great outcome from the operating savings. We'll have $100 million in run rate by the end of this year. We'll have $250 million by the end of year 5. And we'll have over 50% of our production compute in the cloud by the end of this year. So great progress and being very well received. And that's not just cloud-based deployment, that's modernizing our network, modernizing our infrastructure, using artificial intelligence, et cetera, through the whole process of delivery. So that's going very well. I highlighted a number of key wins on our more modern, digital omni-channel platform that we're able to deploy globally across any and all financial institutions. I highlighted a number of DIGITAL ONE wins in the quarter. We've had quite a bit of success with that solution throughout the year, not only with sales, but also going live in production on a true future of where we see both the assisted and unassisted. From a core modernization standpoint, we have had great progress on that development and a number of key wins this year in the market and a lot of traction in the larger financial institutions. We're deploying those components under our brand Profile 8, which is the next generation of our profile suite, but we're also now consuming those components in a number of our regional and community bank cores as well. So all of that combined, we feel really good about the retail banking side and what we're doing. I also highlighted a number of key wins with our modernization effort around payments. You're starting to see some traction in our payments growth. A lot of that is next-generation technologies that we're starting to deploy and gain traction. I highlighted the example with U.S. fuel stations and that success. We're also seeing, and we highlighted several wins -- a significant win in Europe, where our PaaS products, Payment as a Service product, is gaining a lot of success. We've now had 3 wins there. And then on the institutional and wholesale side, doing a number of key modernization efforts around some of our SunGard assets. So long-winded answer to -- we have a lot of traction across this, and it really is starting to resonate with our client base.

Yes. I would think -- I would say it's a combination of both, George. The nice thing about IFS business is it's got a very diversified client base. And so the acceleration in payments, you're seeing that -- from economic indicators, you're seeing increased volumes, especially around credit, debit and our network businesses. So we saw nice volume increases across the quarter, which obviously contribute to our organic growth. But we've  -- the team has also done a very nice job over the last 3 quarters selling some nice payment sales, and you're seeing the team get those onboarded and starting to gain traction as well. So it's really a combination of market dynamics as well as sales dynamics, both contributing to an accelerated growth rate. Across IFS, it was a very clean quarter. And if you look, we're encouraged about what we're seeing in that market, what we're seeing in the sales force, taking market share and the growth across it. So I think there's a lot of good indicators that make us excited for not only the rest of the year but into 2019.

Yes. It's a good question, Jim. We're seeing a pretty consistent trend across M&A. Woody highlighted the term fees, and -- in Q3, pretty much in alignment. You can almost use that as a proxy for M&A activity, pretty much in alignment over last year, and looks like they'll be down a little bit in Q4 based on where we sit, which makes us come in flat year-over-year. Yes, there's a lot of discussion going on, I would say it that way. But that -- but those discussions, and frankly, decisions have been fairly consistent over the years. There's some indication as we've raised the SIFI limit that we might see more activity in the larger bank space. But I'd also come back and say valuations are high in the markets. And so the good news about FIS is we've got very strong positioning in the large bank market. And typically, we're the net benefactor as our customers are buying other clients and driving scale. And then as -- even in the smaller bank market, as banks grow into the larger bank space, they tend to look to FIS to really drive their capabilities necessary to compete at that level. So long-winded answer to it, not seeing a lot of change, but something that we monitor very closely.

Well, right now, all we can look to is what Q4 looks like. As I highlighted in my prepared remarks, looks like we're going to have a strong sales quarter in Q4. And I'll remind everybody, as we onboard these sales, you need to look that those are -- that's going to drive organic growth 9 and 12 months out, right, because it takes time to not only sell the solution, it takes time to implement it. And I'd also highlight that our pipeline continues to be highly qualified and robust in the IFS segment. So that gives us confidence as we look into 2019. And I think a lot of our clients, as interest rates continue to rise, their net interest margin continues to spread and they're more bullish on spending on some programs that they've held back. There's also a real need to modernize these platforms, and FIS is certainly leading the way in that category. The benefits the cloud computing drives, the benefits to omni-channel deployment, next-generation components, payments and institutional wholesale are really resonating across those client bases. So we feel good about 2019 as it sits today, given the size of the qualified pipeline and the activities we're having in the sales channel.

Yes. From a retention standpoint, I mean, we continue to do very well, not only taking share with new wins. Obviously, in this -- on this call, we highlighted a lot of new wins. But I would tell you, our renewal rates continue to be in line with historicals, and we're very pleased with the retention rates that the team is executing on. That's a great opportunity for us during the renewal cycle to cross-sell and up-sell our new capabilities, to really communicate our modernization story, help push people to the cloud and also gain the benefits of many of the next-generation technologies we've talked on the call.
Thank you for joining us today and for your ongoing interest in FIS. We are pleased with our year-to-date results and are confident that this positive momentum is paving the way for a successful 2019 and beyond. 
In closing, I'd like to reinforce our core fundamentals. We have a proven market leadership position, driving continuous innovation for modernization and improving our capabilities. We are serving healthy and improving market segments and have very strong financial fundamentals with a proven track record of generating shareholder returns. And we believe our business continues to have a compelling investment thesis, and we look forward to delivering on our commitments. 
I'd like to thank our loyal clients who depend on us to keep their businesses running and growing every day. The successful partnership between our clients, leaders and employees enables FIS to continue to empower the financial world. Thank you for joining us today.