Thanks, Nate, and thank you for joining us today. I'd like to begin today's call by congratulating Erik Hoag as he begins to transition into his new role as Chief Financial Officer of FIS and by thanking Woody for his more than 14 years of distinguished service with the company. Erik has been with FIS for nearly 15 years, working closely with Woody throughout that time. And spent most of his time leading financial planning and analysis at FIS. Erik has a strong insight into both our business and financials. 
This transition represents the strength of our talent development and succession planning and I have the utmost confidence in Erik's ability to meet or exceed our financial commitments while returning capital to our shareholders. As a key member of my leadership team, Woody's contribution to FIS has been immeasurable. During his tenure, he helped transform FIS with 2 of the largest strategic acquisitions in the industry. He meticulously manage costs while at the same time, empowering our businesses to accelerate their growth profiles. His leadership will be missed.  
Woody will step down effective November 4 and remain with the company through a transitionary period as CFO Emeritus to ensure a smooth transition.
I'll now begin our earnings presentation on Slide 5. FIS delivered another strong operating performance in the second quarter. Revenue grew 8% organically to $3.7 billion. EBITDA increased 5% to $1.6 billion and adjusted EPS grew 7% to $1.73 per share. Each of our segments exceeded their revenue expectations with Banking growth of 6%, Merchant of 14% and Capital Markets of 7%.
Our decision to continue to invest through the pandemic has put FIS in a leading position as we continue to see strong demand from our clients and prospects. 
U.S. consumer health and client demand were strong throughout the quarter as evidenced by our financial results. I want to highlight how proud I am of our team who remain focused on our clients, colleagues and communities. They have continued to deliver excellent results in the face of increasing volatile macro conditions.  
Turning to Slide 6. In addition to our strong financial model, our competitive position has never been better. We have the most modern solution suites in the market with world-class scale and differentiated end-to-end solutions. 
In Banking, we continue to be the leader in cloud native core processing with our modern banking platform. In addition, we are quickly becoming a leader in embedded finance under Stephanie's leadership. We continue to expand our capabilities to enable financial institutions to offer digital banking services to business and commercial clients through a SaaS-based offering that can be quickly deployed as the consumer demands continue to evolve. Our embedded finance solutions are easily scalable and they create new revenue streams for our clients by enhancing their digital footprint.
In our Merchant segment, we continue to be a disruptor in the industry. We recently became the first payment processor to eliminate our clients' financial liability for chargebacks due to fraudulent purchases. The new guaranteed payments offering allows us to increase our already industry-leading authorization rates with fraud protection through a single integrated solution.  
We have also continued to see exceptional strength out of our recent Payrix acquisition, and we are actively integrating Payrix with our ISV channel to develop an enhanced SMB offering. Stephanie will expand on these in a moment.  
In Capital Markets, we continue to differentiate with end-to-end solutions using a recurring revenue SaaS model. For example, our clear derivative suite is a high-performing and modernized technology platform that seamlessly integrates our clients' existing infrastructure and spans end-to-end post-trade derivatives processing.
We also continue to invest in self-service automation, which is a key feature in our personal pension solution that recently drove a new win with the U.K. pension service. Despite the cloudy macro environment, this is an exciting time at FIS from a technology and a client services standpoint. 
Lastly, I'd like to touch on the strength of our balance sheet on Slide 7. FIS has historically performed very well during periods of economic stress, and the strength of our balance sheet is a key differentiator for us in the marketplace. To that end, we reduced our leverage ratio to 2.9x during the second quarter.
We also successfully refinanced a portion of our debt in early July to increase our financial flexibility and to further decrease interest rate risk. In addition, return of shareholder capital is a priority for us. We paid nearly $300 million in quarterly dividends, and we intend to continue to drive to 20% plus annual dividend growth each year.
We also resumed share repurchase, buying back approximately $300 million in shares during the second quarter consistent with expectations. Our cash flow conversion is robust, which we will utilize to sustainably invest for growth while simultaneously returning significant capital to our shareholders through dividends and by default share repurchases in the back half of the year and throughout 2023.  
With that, I'll turn the call over to Stephanie to describe how these strategic accomplishments are translating to our segment's operating performance. Stephanie?

Yes. Thanks, Jason. Erik, why don't you take that one?

Operator are we still live? Keep going Stephanie, I think we're still live.

Operator, is the line open?

No, I think you covered it. I think the banking environment has never been stronger. I mean when we look at the interest rate increases when we look at everything that all contributes to the bank's balance sheet contributes to their profitability...

And so the result of that is we've seen very strong demand. We came off our biggest single core sales environment that we've seen in Q2.

We're trying to figure that out like you guys. But bottom line is the banking industry is very strong. As I said, we just came off a really strong sales quarter on actual retail core banking sales, one of the biggest ones in the last several quarters, 2 more modern banking wins, but also really strong strength in our regional community bank offerings and large financial institutions. So feel good about the buying behavior right now.

Perfect. Darrin, we'll let Woody take the FX and talk about that, and Erik will chime in and then we'll address your Block question.

Stephanie, you want to take one?

Yes. And just to add a little bit, Darrin, on your Block question. As Stephanie referenced in her prepared remarks, we're leveraging our network there, which was a key component of what allowed us to win that cash out to drive individual revenue back into Block. And so it just shows and kind of paints the strength of the overall asset pool.

Well, we're doing both, right? So we're doing the issuer side of it, but we're also leveraging our nice debit network in rounding the transactions in a significant way. And that combination is what allowed us to differentiate and win.

Erik, why don't you take that one?

Stephanie, you want to take it?

Yes. I would say, David, at the end of the day, we're kind of returning now to a more normalized environment. Really, it's the strength of our balanced portfolio. Travel and airlines growing faster than we thought going in throughout this year. Yes. We've got some other portfolios that are growing slower than we thought. But the balance of the portfolio is really strong.
And that really kind of gets back to Lisa's question around recession. It's really around where consumer spend goes. But we do believe that travel and airline is going to continue to be a strong piece of the book in the back half of the year and modeled that. We think there are some other industries that will continue to be under some stress. But we're confident with the strength of the overall portfolio. We're very pleased where the growth is. I mean constant currency on the quarter and very pleased where we're seeing it shape up for the full year.

Look, it's a great question. I mean we continue to monitor all the changes going on in Washington like everybody does. I mean there's a lot of different bills that get put forward that could impact us in very different ways. Regulatory change is always a really big positive for us. I've said that in the past, we typically always find ways to grow our revenue through that because our customers need assistance in implementing the regulation.
So assuming there's a change there on credit routing, then obviously, we'll look at ways to help our customers with that, help maximize their revenue and thus, therefore, us grow our revenue through that process. But we'll continue to watch it as it evolves and then we'll bring forward more information as we know what the outcomes of some of these discussions might be.

Yes. Look, I'll start with that, Ashwin, the team wants to add on at all. I mean we have consistently had mergers and acquisitions as a part of our overall strategy. We continue to evaluate things that make sense, to your point in time, valuations continue to come down and continue to get more and more interesting.
But at this point in time, given the dislocation in our share price, we still think, fundamentally, returning our capital to our shareholders through our purchase of our own stock is the best use of cash at this moment. I mean, that's always been our default as we continue to see where the market evolves. If we do see something that we think can accelerate our growth, accelerate our profitability, accelerate our shareholder return, then obviously, we'll look at that.
But at this point, I think the team is very focused on driving the business. I mean we've got record sales growth for the company -- from a revenue standpoint, our revenues growing very, very strongly coming out of the pandemic. We've got good line of sight into that revenue growth and profitability, the amount of free cash flow that's generating approaching 95%.
All of those things would suggest at this point in time, we'll continue to default or share repurchase. But your point is a salient one. I mean, as valuations continue to trend down, we'll continue to keep our aperture open and see if there's something that might make more sense. But at this point in time, we're pretty comfortable with our approach in returning cash to shareholders.

Yes. Why don't I start on that one, Ramsey and Stephanie can add on. I mean, when you think about it, there's a huge opportunity for us globally with the modern banking platform. I'll continue to say we're in the very early stages of cloud-native transformation in retail core banking. And so we continually govern that sales cycle in order to make sure that we can deliver and meet the demand that we have. So we want to be very conscious about that.
ANZ is a great win for us. We've got a great position in Australia, New Zealand market. We've got a lot of headcount in that market, very comfortable in dealing with it. So -- but I will say, over the next 10 years, you're going to see the entire core banking enterprise move to cloud-based technologies.
And so just getting started with the transformation, but it's going to be a global one. And certainly, there's a huge opportunity for us outside the U.S. as well as within the U.S. as we continue to sell new customers in the U.S. markets. 
And as we've talked about in the past, where we will eventually want to start moving our back book, our older technologies to this platform as well for our existing customers. So pretty excited and continue to be very excited about the future of the modern banking platform.

Thank you again for joining us this morning, and thank you to our dedicated colleagues for delivering another strong quarter. If you have any further questions that were not addressed on this call, please reach out to our Investor Relations team.
Thank you, and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day. Goodbye.