Thank you, Pete. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I am very pleased to announce that FIS growth story continues. We delivered exceptionally strong results to start the year, exceeding our revenue, earnings and profitability expectations for the first quarter.
Turning to Slide 6. Our consolidated revenue growth of more than 5% was driven by a record year of sales in 2018 and continued strong sales and volumes throughout Q1. Our margins expanded significantly as a result of continued execution of our data center consolidation, operating growth and the positive impact of noncore divestitures. And we also announced our transformative deal to acquire Worldpay, which further drives growth in attractive faster-growing markets.
Client spend and demand for our portfolio remains especially strong, particularly for our new and modernized solutions. These factors drove another solid quarter for FIS. We saw very strong growth in new sales, which increased more than 30% on a total contract value compared to the prior year period. These factors are accelerating the overall growth and quality of our pipeline and we remain on track to exceed our sales plan for the year. 
These early results, combined with our robust backlog, create very positive momentum and gives us solid confidence in achieving our full year expectations. Given this strong start, we raised our revenue guidance for the year.
Turning to Slide 7. FIS remains on the forefront of leadership by investing over 7% of the total revenue into modernizing our solutions and infrastructure to advance our client's future. We have capitalized on our leadership position, bringing to market digitally-driven, open and cloud-based solutions that enable our clients to more efficiently run their operations, connect with their customers and grow their businesses. 
Industry analyst group, IDC, recently named FIS as a North American leader in omnichannel and digital banking solutions in 2 industry-wide rankings, underscoring the impact of these innovation-focused investments. Additionally, our API gateway Code Connect was also named as the most advanced API strategy among U.S. core banking providers by industry analyst, Aite Group. This recognition is proof of solid progress towards executing on our strategy to deliver the most modern solutions in the industry, accelerate our data center consolidation and cloud strategy, and continually drive increased efficiency within our organization.
Turning to Slide 8. Additionally, to lead the future of finance and commerce, we are also very pleased with our recent strategic announcement to acquire Worldpay. As we discussed with you last month, this transaction is a continuation of our historically successful M&A strategy to accelerate growth, while continuing to optimize margins and leverage synergies through effective integration. This combination will provide significant revenue synergy opportunities of $500 million over 3 years. 
As a reminder, the new revenue opportunities for the combined organization include expanded global offerings for merchants with innovative e-commerce solutions; deeper and broader solutions for financial institutions, such as fraud tools, payment processing and a global merchant referral network; and enhanced and innovative payment solutions creating a faster payments community for high-volume retail and high-value commercial payments. 
These are just a few of immediate opportunities to drive new revenue streams which will accelerate our growth profile and organic growth trajectory. On day 1 as a combined company, we will have over $12 billion of revenue, growing organically approximately 6%. 
I am pleased to share that we have received early termination of the Hart-Scott-Rodino waiting period from the Department of Justice on the Worldpay transaction. This early termination and progress in our other regulatory filings gives us strong confidence in our ability to close this transaction in Q3 of this year. 
We have begun planning to meet our post closing synergy goals. Culturally, our 2 organizations are well aligned and we are making good early progress in defining our go-forward organizational structure. Until closing, we will continue to operate as separate companies, and we will keep you informed as we move towards close.
Turning to Slide 9 for key themes. Focusing now on our segments. Our Integrated Financial Solutions segment delivered exceptional organic revenue growth of 7% a margin expansion of 160 basis points. Following strong growth results in Q4, revenue growth for this segment continues to exceed expectations as we'll accelerate year-over-year. This outstanding growth was underpinned by onboarding of new clients resulting from the strong sales throughout 2018. 
We also saw increased transaction and processing volumes as our clients continue to perform very well. Our multiyear investments in digital innovation continue to be a strong opportunity driver for us as clients of all sizes are looking to more meaningfully engage with customers and build new revenue streams for digital channels. 
For example, a national cooperative bank with more than $125 billion in assets selected our Digital One solution to bring more personalized, consistent and efficient digital banking capabilities to its small business customers in the U.S. 
In addition, a $20 billion U.S. community institution, who is upgrading to our modern FIS core platform, will leverage Digital One to enable omnichannel sales and service capabilities within its branches and self-service digital channels. This multiyear agreement is a key success factor in the bank strategy to transform and modernize its banking environment and services. 
Our IFS payments division also drove very strong growth again this quarter. This growth was underpinned by the combination of new client logos, coupled with strong transaction and processing volumes. We are also seeing exceptionally strong demand in adoption for our loyalty solutions. For example, we are successfully expanding our loyalty-as-a-currency offering into new consumer-based markets, including retail and restaurants. 
As noted last quarter, our innovative mass enablement strategy is bringing new capabilities to our clients through our one-to-many deployment model. Our robust Q1 results and strong pipeline give us confidence this will continue to be a strong growth driver for IFS.
In summary, the spend environment and our IFS segment remains healthy. We are successfully capitalizing on new opportunities which are expanding and strengthening our already robust business. 
Our Global Financial Solutions segment results in Q1 exceeded plan due to very strong sales, delivering organic revenue growth of more than 2% and margin expansion of nearly 300 basis points. These sales results will translate to accelerated reoccurring revenue growth for the remainder of the year and into 2020.
Revenue growth for our GFS banking and payments division grew almost 10% organically. Much of this growth was driven by increased transaction and processing volumes from new logos and expanded relationships with current clients. For example, a European subsidiary of a global financial services powerhouse expanded its relationship with us by selecting FIS as its multiyear payment processing and loan origination partner to support its geographic expansion. 
We also expanded our long term relationship with a global card brand, accelerating our ability to support cross-border business-to-business payments. These wins underscore our ability to leverage our broad banking and payments portfolio with local market expertise to solve market-specific challenges. 
Our investments in risk and compliance solutions continue to drive new meaningful revenue opportunities. We are seeing good demand to help organizations more easily comply with the new consolidated audit trail industry requirement to track orders throughout their life cycle for reporting of U.S. equities and options. As a result of that demand, we expanded our relationship with 3 large global financial services providers during the quarter by entering into new agreements for our [ Prodigit ] solution. 
We are very pleased with our pipeline strength and growth trajectory of our GFS business. Like the IFS environment, investment spend within our GFS markets remains healthy. We are confident in our ability to turn opportunities into closed wins at an accelerated pace.
We recently hosted more than 3,000 attendees at the first of our 3 large product conferences. The drive to modernize, realize efficiency gains and grow revenue were prevalent themes for many clients. This venue provided the platform for our clients to learn more about the solutions that are designed to help them achieve these objectives using modern technologies and capabilities. 
Based on this transformation to modern technologies, we announced we are lowering our service-level agreements for business recovery times to less than 15 minutes for our digital applications in North America, driving significant benefit to thousands of our clients. Where most providers are committing to hours not minutes, we believe this is a bold offer and first of its kind in the industry, but not the last of its kind from FIS. Feedback from our clients throughout the event was overwhelmingly positive and early results of the conference show strong continued demand.
Turning to Slide 10. This feedback, coupled with our strong first quarter results and robust pipeline, underscores our confidence in our strategy and in our investment decisions. It also gives us clear line of sight into our ability to deliver our 2019 goals and beyond, which are to innovate for long term growth, drive strong sales with competitively differentiated solutions and build on our global scale. 
We remain very confident in the value we are delivering for our clients and believe that will continue to translate into strong returns for our shareholders.
Woody will now provide additional detail on the financial results for the quarter and full year. Woody?

Thanks, David.

Yes. I think, David, we've been indicating that our sales are continuing to ramp up. You see this quarter, once again, 30% growth year-over-year on total contract value. So the sales engines are working very well. The market demand seems to be high for the products and services that we've been investing in over the last several years. And we think, as you know, it's a long sales cycle and then it's a long onboarding cycle. But we do think that projection to the future, very nice, strong, continued organic growth for FIS and for our existing businesses. So we feel good about where we are. We've had a great year last year in sales across multiple quarters, and that's led into Q1 as well. We've been signaling that on every call.

The response from our client base has been outstanding on the Worldpay combination. It was -- it's clear they see it as very complementary to FIS. They see the opportunity for us to innovate and extend and help them address unique ways to address the ever-changing payments landscape. Obviously, as we move forward to close, we'll be putting our -- getting our sales teams together in going to market as a combined company. But I would tell you, the early feedback from all of our clients has been enormously supportive. They see it as a very strategic combination. They see it as a great company and so they're excited about what this is going to -- how is this going help them compete in the future.

Thanks, David.

Thanks, Dave.

Yes. The sales team really did a great job in GFS this past quarter. When you look historically, we always have more in the forecast than what we expect that -- because obviously there's some always some slippage of transactions that incur between quarters. But really, the sales team stayed very focused and really closed pretty much everything that was scheduled to close in Q1 and it resulted in exceeding the plan and our expectations for the quarter. So they did a really good job as well, which, to Woody's point, gives us further confidence as we think about going into the remainder of the year with our revenue targets raised.

Yes. No, I think we continue to have good traction in Brazil. We got some good conversations. It's early. We're still sorting out the Brazil JV as we get that separated, there's some transition agreements that we're working on. But we're still bullish on the opportunities in Brazil. And with the Worldpay combination, we think that'll just further accelerate. So there'll be more coming on than that, Dave, but Brazil is a great market for us.

Well, yes, Darrin. I mean as we go through the regulatory approval process and the early release is an important milestone for us. We've able to -- we've been able now to start getting some of our groups together and really start building a bottoms-up plan, which gives us more confidence in, to Woody's point, shoring up some of the synergy timings and how they're going to flow. As you know, we've -- we take these combinations very seriously. Like a lot of people, we have a playbook that we like to implement and really work through the plans as we get the teams together. 
The cultural alignment has been very strong between the 2 companies, which is exciting to see. We both think about the markets in very similar ways. We think about clients and go to market in very similar ways. So I will just tell you all that collaboration and working together has allowed us to get more confidence around the synergy timings. And then we look forward, to your point, of closing in Q3 and then running as a combined company because we think there's just a lot of opportunities between our 2 companies when we put them together.

Thanks, Brett.

Yes. Well, I mean, I think Woody tried to cover some of that, Brett, in his prepared remarks. And as you know, we're operating as 2 separate companies today, so there's only so much that we can do with regards to revenue and really talking about how we'd go to market and some of those things. But we -- as we do talk across the operating units and we look across those opportunities, I think we're getting more and more comfortable that there are just some real opportunities where assets exist on either side of the company. So a Worldpay capability that we think could have strong applicability to push through, perhaps even through our mass enablement strategy, to the FIS client base and then vice versa. So those kind of fall in the easy bucket. 
We've pointed to some of the things around debit transaction volumes and how we think about perhaps routing those and some benefits. We talked about things around card personalization and we think there's some interesting opportunities there. Just Worldpay's ability to optimize our merchant portfolio. So as you think about it, there's just a number of things that either company has extensive capabilities in that we believe the broader client relationship and our ability to place those solutions across those broader products will help accelerate revenue for us in the short term. 
Then there's also a number of medium examples that we talked about and Woody highlighted in the script, where it will take some sales engagement, it will take some client interaction for people to really understand the value proposition. If you look at something as simple as loyalty as a currency, that's really a strong growth business for us and we don't have a lot of reach. I mean from a de novo launch, that now has a run rate of well over $30 million a year, which is not huge. But as you think about now deploying that across our more than 1 million merchants’ potential, we think there's a lot of opportunity there. And we're seeing a lot of adoption even with our limited exposure to merchants. 
So we think there's just opportunities like that as the companies’ combine that we're very confident there'll be a real revenue synergies. And this is not where we're going to go on building a capability on either side, these capabilities exist, it's just really about the extension in the global reach that's going to drive the acceleration. So all of those things just give us confidence as we look at where the growth is. Of course, we'll keep highlighting our accelerated growth, and we highlighted that all throughout last year. Quarter-on-quarter just very, very strong sales for us and execution. Q1 was another really strong sales quarter for both IFS and GFS. And so you'll continue to see the FIS base business accelerate. So all those give us confidence.

I think it really is just -- I wouldn't say it's a shot across the bow, that's not the intention. What I would tell you is what we're trying to show is, look, we're investing massive amounts of capital dollars and expense into data center consolidation on modern architectures and modern technology. And we've highlighted those stats, in the last year over 50% of our compute was in the cloud. We focused on digital. We think it's important for our clients to see the benefit from that. So when you're traditionally looking at how this industry has built up, SLAs on disaster recovery or business recovery services are based on hours. I mean some instances they can be 24 or even 48 hours in some instances, and those are fairly standard across the industry. And for us, that's just not where the industry is today. The industries move very rapidly. 
And so what we're showing to our customers is we're -- we understand where the industry is today, we understand where the exception -- where the standards are today and we're going to move there and lead in that direction. So I think everybody is going to have to offer minutes with regards to recovery in the future. And being able to do that it really does just show not only are the benefits of cost we're getting because we're getting some nice run rate cost reductions out of consolidation, but we're getting some really nice step functions and availability that you just can't get in traditional deployments and traditional architectures. And so now establishing a timeline at 15 minutes, less than 15 minutes, we think is a substantial step. Honestly, that's going to accelerate from there. It's going to get less from there over time. 
And so we just think it's an important testament of where our modernization story is. And our clients were very excited about that shock that we would be willing to pass that on to them. But we think it just shows an important commitment to the industry and where we're going.

Yes. No, look, I think it was a great quarter. I mean, honestly, it was a very clean quarter for us. The sales teams across the company executed exceptionally well. Just a lot of closings and demand coming out of our conference. We've got just, honestly, record pipelines coming out of our conference for follow-up. So I think the industry is -- so we're starting to see an increase in demand across where we've invested historically, which I think is great. So from your secular to cyclical, I think the industry strengthening. I think a lot of our larger clients, to be honest, that held on as long as they can, in some instances they probably have held on to their technologies too long. 
And we're just seeing a lot of demand and really large financial institutions that are starting to look for omnichannel digital deployment to really modernize their entire touch points with their customers. They're looking for ways to modernize their back office with straight -- state-of-the-art cloud computing and availability. And so it gives me real confidence that this is going to continue to benefit FIS. So I feel, as I said, really good about the quarter, really good about 2019 and really good about what we're seeing in our pipeline of growth and our demand for our solutions and services across the board.

Yes. Mass enablement is really not a product, it's more of a deployment methodology. Our ability to deliver solutions faster in market which has been a clear demand for our clients, how do they compete with not only the large money centers institutions, how do they compete with emerging fintechs, et cetera, et cetera, and frankly, how do they just meet the demand of their customers. And so the team did a very nice job really innovating around this ability to put capability in market in a much faster pace across hundreds, if not thousands, of clients. And that then, based on whatever product they slate for that deployment methodology, that then accelerates our revenue stream. But it will drive tens of millions of dollars for the IFS segment this year in new organic growth and that'll -- you'll continue to see that as a continual increasing way for us to deploy and get new capabilities in market faster.

Thanks, George.

At this time, we haven't framed that out, George. Obviously, one of the benefits to both of our companies is we're a global provider of financial services. On a combined basis, we'll be approximately 30% of total revenues outside the U.S. We obviously see a tremendous opportunity for geographic expansion for Worldpay. We've talked about that when we announced the transaction, of really helping them break into new high-growth markets that they weren't in that could really accelerate that timeline by as much as 3 years. But I would tell you that we think the revenue growth across the board will flow pretty much in alignment with how our revenue splits. But more of that will come in the coming quarters as we get the -- once we get closed on the business, we'll certainly come back and give you some more granularity into that.

Look, I appreciate it. Yes, look, the team is doing a very nice job of making sure that we're taking advantage of various partnerships or investment in our technologies and modernization where it makes sense to drive our future growth. We don't really give granular details of what we're expecting out of those relationships. But what I would come back and tell you is the payment landscape is changing very rapidly. The need for real-time money movement, the need for cross-border, the need for alternative payment types is all very high. What I'm really pleased with the team is through their strategy, they're taking advantage of the various capabilities that exist in the market and allowing us to meet our client demands and needs. 
So we don't enter into relationships cavalierly if we don't see an opportunity. Or frankly, if we're not being pressed by our clients, we don't enter into that. So the relationship is going to be a good one. We're excited about it. It's an extension of what we have today. And we think that as payments continue to move around the globe and take on different form factors and different changes that FIS will be the benefactor of that given our strategy in how we're approaching it.

Yes. I would tell you, over the last 5 quarters, given what we've seen going on in sales all throughout last year, we had the largest sales here in the history of the company last year. This quarter, another big quarter sales. And frankly, well, given our pipeline and given my personal ongoing conversations, and frankly, across the entire leadership team, their conversations, we're seeing a continuing acceleration in their desire to spend. As I commented earlier, I think many of our larger institutions, and frankly even community institutions around the world, have held on too long with their existing technologies and so there's a real sense of urgency that's been building. And I think you're seeing that in our sales results and seeing that in our accelerated growth. So I'm very optimistic that the next 18-plus months is going to be a real strong, positive tailwind for us with regards to demand and sales success.

Thank you. Appreciate it.

Yes. Look, I mean, going on IFS, they just really had a great year last year in sales, really led into a strong Q1, Glenn. We saw it really across all major product lines, core and wealth continued to do very well, our payments business continued to operate on all cylinders, a lot of our back office capabilities. As you know, that segment specifically, it's all reoccurring in nature. I mean it's all a heavy SaaS model. But just continued strong demand. Sales team is executing well and the pipeline's strong. 
And just coming out of that conference, I would tell you, like everybody, we measure our leads coming out of conferences and we had over 3,000 people in attendance. The leads that came out of the conference are very strong year-over-year. And so I feel really good about where the IFS business is positioned. I feel really good about the contribution margins that the new sales are bringing on line. Obviously, the implementation, as you know, the -- you do have anywhere from a 6- to 12-month implementation timeline as sales get closed. 
When I look at GFS, similar with demand, we're really starting to see, especially in the large bank market on the retail banking side where large regionals, frankly even global institutions have held on too long to their existing technology stacks and they're really looking for cloud-native-type capabilities to gain the efficiencies out of the cloud that other industries have been able to take advantage of. And so we've got a lot of success and we highlighted some success in the prepared remarks around Digital One with some very large institutions. We're seeing a lot around our next-generation core banking platform and demand on that platform. 
As you move into the capital markets solution, just a really good, strong quarter. It does have some grow issues, as Woody talked about. I mean the movement from licensing to a SaaS model, that's an exciting long-term opportunity for us and we're seeing that with real high growth and reoccurring revenue up 40%. But then we have very strong, solid license sales as well. So -- and you'll continue to see some of that lumpiness as that business makes its transition. 
But the good news is very strong demand. And we even highlighted a regulatory change with consolidated audit trail. As you look at those kind of changes that are occurring, that plays into our solution capability that we built. And so I feel good about the spend environment for the industry. We're 5 quarters into some really nice sales results, and I think that's a strong indicator for the next 18-plus months.

Thank you for joining us today and for your ongoing interest in FIS. We are pleased to start the year delivering very strong revenue, profitability performance and earnings growth. We entered 2019 with a robust pipeline and strong sales momentum and have continued to build on those strengths throughout the first quarter. Combined with our business model and consistent execution of our strategy, we are confident and have a clear line of sight into achieving our plan for the remainder of the year. 
A special thanks to our loyal clients who depend on us to keep their businesses running and growing every day and to our leaders and employees for their hard work and dedication in serving our clients. Thank you for joining us today.