Thanks, Nate. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I'm very pleased to be able to announce our fourth quarter and full year results. 2019 was a transformational year for FIS. We successfully closed and are well down the path on integrating the largest financial technology transaction in our industry. This, along with outstanding sales production, delivered strong organic revenue growth of 6% for the full year. All 3 segments performed exceptionally well for the year as well as the quarter. Our record sales and integration activities position us for an even stronger 2020. 
Later, I'll talk about our strategy of modernization and how that has led to some very large noble wins that exemplify how our strategy is working as well as driving increasing demand for our solution suite. This includes signing 3 of the largest banks in the country this quarter on our core banking solutions. 
In the fourth quarter, our organic growth rate accelerated to 7%, resulting in $3.3 billion in revenue. Our new sales results were the largest quarter and year in our history, resulting in an increase of more than 20% in new sales for the year. Our installation backlog as well as pipeline continue to expand. Adjusted EBITDA margins expanded by 470 basis points, primarily driven by the high contribution margins resulting from the installation of our new sales, growing transaction volumes as well as the outstanding execution of our team to overdrive performance of cost and revenue synergies. 
As we think about integration synergies, we exited the quarter generating $80 million in revenue and $465 million in cost synergies on an annualized run rate basis. When including interest expense savings, we have already exceeded our initial cost synergy target. As a result of our strong performance, we are increasing our future expectations for both revenue and cost synergies, which we will detail later. 
With our impressive momentum heading into 2020, we expect continued acceleration in organic revenue growth and ramping earnings accretion. 
Turning to Slide 6. I want to talk about our strong sales results and client value propositions. Several years ago, we embarked on a transformational modernization journey. We began an ambitious new software development cycle, re-architected our solutions to be open, modular and cloud-based and we also began modernizing and consolidating our technology delivery platforms. We did this because we believe that the financial services industry was moving towards its own transformation and we wanted to be able to empower our clients in the broader industry to change. Disruptive technologies and new business models are forcing the industry to evolve by embracing future-ready innovations, like automation, artificial intelligence and machine learning, cloud native technologies and digital omnichannel. Client demand, as evidenced by our new sales results, demonstrate that our thesis about the industry is correct. The investments we've made over the past several years are yielding results for our clients as well as FIS. 
In our banking segment, I'm very excited to announce that 3 of the largest banks in the country, with combined total assets of more than $600 billion, have embarked on the journey to transform their legacy core banking environment with FIS. This includes a top 10, a top 20 and a top 30 bank. MUFG Union Bank, a top 20 bank that we recently announced, as well as a top 10 bank, both selected our modern banking platform for their transformations. They selected us because of our ability to deliver an innovative, personalized and next-generation solution as well as our ability to consistently execute large-scale complex implementations. The modern banking platform is entirely new and built from the ground up. It was developed with state-of-the-art containers, digital-first capability, open APIs and cloud-based delivery through a SaaS model. This next-generation, highly flexible platform enables innovative financial institutions to transform the future of banking and clearly represents a significant milestone for the industry. 
I'm also pleased to announce that we signed an agreement with First Republic, a top 30 bank, to power its modernization program with our IBS core banking platform, including our industry-leading open API framework, Code Connect. IBS continues to prove why it's the leading SaaS core banking platform for large regionals throughout the U.S. First Republic is known for its strong growth and outstanding client experience. They chose FIS over the incumbent provider because of our open, scalable platform, which will better serve the needs of the bank's existing client base as well as allow them to continue to expand and meet their growing consumer and business clients. 
These 3 pivotal wins are the start of what we believe will be a decade-long global transition of core banking systems from legacy in-house applications to cloud native open banking deployments. 
Turning to our merchant segment. We are winning due to our superior client value proposition, strong integrated systems and continued flexibility on deployment. For example, one of our marquee clients, a top global search engine, continues to shift share to us after developing a proprietary routing engine that evaluates their processors for authorization and fraud rates as well as cost of acceptance. We consistently demonstrate exceptional results across these categories, leading the client to choose FIS for additional volumes across many of their U.S. businesses. In addition, a large global retailer, who's #1 in their category, selected FIS to deploy omnichannel payment technology across Europe, covering both in-store and online payments. The company was looking to consolidate multiple acquirers and turned to FIS because of our unique capabilities and global reach. 
In our Capital Markets segment, our ability to simplify clients' complex needs with our end-to-end solution suite is driving demand. Our modernization strategy has resulted in a very strong sales year, and we saw exceptionally strong growth in the fourth quarter. 
We continue to see increasing demand for SaaS deployments, and the team is doing an outstanding job balancing that demand with our on-premise license business. For example, we entered into a SaaS agreement with one of the world's largest asset managers. In this instance, we will be providing a bundled investment solution with a next-generation digital offering and data visualization tools. 
I'm also excited to announce that one of our premium payback clients, a large oil and gas company, is expanding their relationship with us to include our cloud-based solution for their corporate treasury, cash, liquidity and risk management needs. This further proves that our ability to cross-sell and up-sell large enterprise customers to help their business on numerous levels. 
Turning to Slide 7. In addition to these new wins, we are also accelerating our achievement of revenue synergies. While initially expecting to reach $100 million of annualized revenue synergies by the end of 2020, we have already achieved $80 million in annual run rate synergies in the first 5 months after closing. As a result, we are increasing our revenue synergy targets to $200 million exiting 2020 and $550 million exiting 2022. This reflects the faster-than-expected ramping of our multiple cross-sell opportunities. 
During the fourth quarter, we continue to see meaningful volumes ramp across our debit networks as well as ongoing traction for our premium payback solution. We signed 2 very large premium payback clients during the fourth quarter as we are experiencing significant demand for this innovative solution. First, we will be partnering with PayPal to enable millions of online consumers to redeem earned rewards at checkout by allowing them to pay with points from thousands of U.S. banks. Second, I'm excited to announce that we entered into an agreement with a top 3 U.S. retailer to help innovate its customer loyalty program with our premium payback solution. Together, we are enabling this client to deepen its relationships with millions of consumers across its 3,000 locations. 
We also signed another large merchant referral agreement during the quarter. We continue to be very pleased with our ability to take share from incumbent providers across our mid-sized and regional bank clients. In the first 5 months, we are well ahead of our expectations regarding merchant referral sales agreements, our pipeline and sales activities continue to grow and we think this sales opportunity will continue to exceed our initial plans. 
Now that we are well into our integration execution, we continue to discover new opportunities to cross-sell and bundle offerings as we go to market, giving us strong confidence in our newly raised targets. For example, our joint prepaid solutions have emerged as a new cross-selling opportunity into the Worldpay client base. We have already signed a partnership with a global solutions provider to develop reloadable fare cards for transit systems. Together, this partnership has already won our first large metro client and expect more to follow. 
With our very successful achievement of expense as well as revenue synergies, we are running a full 12 months ahead of our original integration schedule. Due to this accelerated time line, we are also taking earlier steps to further streamline our organization to drive a much more functional operating model. Some of the changes we have recently implemented will allow us to better leverage our go-to-market strategies between our banking and merchant segments. We believe this will not only further accelerate our revenue synergies, but also allow us to drive innovation into these markets. 
We have also consolidated technology development for our merchant and banking businesses within our combined Chief Operating Officer organization. This alignment will allow us to increase our speed of development and deployment in this highly dynamic industry, creating what we believe will be a best-in-class software engineering organization. 
As you can see, we feel great about how the companies have come together, and this momentum and this success gives us great confidence for an even stronger 2020. 
Moving to Slide 8. We have a highly resilient business model that is differentiated by our market-leading solutions across our segments. In Merchant Solutions, we are clearly a leader in global e-commerce and integrated payments. As we continue to grow, these channels have expanded to approximately 45% of our merchant business mix, up from 37% of Worldpay in 2017. Due to the high secular growth trends in these markets, we expect them to maintain their high rates of growth and to continue increasing as a percentage of our revenue mix, reinforcing the durability of our organic growth profile. 
In Banking Solutions, we are differentiated by our comprehensive portfolio of next-generation solutions. These uniquely position us to help large global financial institutions as well as community banks and credit unions to transform their business models and to provide seamless customer experiences. Therefore, as the financial services industry continues to evolve, we will be the primary beneficiary of the growing momentum towards outsourced cloud-based technology from legacy in-house software. 
Finally, in Capital Markets, our investments in advanced technology and RegTech are paying dividends. We developed bundled offerings to enable our clients to simplify their complex front, middle and back-office processes with an end-to-end automated workflow that is helping us to win market share. In addition, by using a SaaS delivery-based model, we have an opportunity to further increase our revenue growth profile by driving an increasing mix of predictable reoccurring revenue streams. 
In order to reinforce our reporting segments and drive increasing rates of organic growth, our priorities for 2020 are as follows. First, we will continue to invest in sales, innovation and delivery to capitalize on our growing new sales pipelines. Clearly, our investments over the past 5 years are driving landmark new wins, and we're going to continue to lean into the strategy in 2020. Second, we will seamlessly execute the Worldpay integration in order to achieve our revenue and cost synergy goals. We are already well ahead of schedule, and we'll look to further accelerate our momentum in 2020. Third, we will continue to drive efficiency through our data center consolidation program. Last, we will continue to scale in our high-growth secular markets in order to reinforce the durability of our revenue growth profile. 
As you can tell by our exciting wins and accelerated synergy realization, 2019 was a transformational year, and we have line of sight to achieving even more in 2020. 
I'll now turn the call over to Woody to round out the financial discussion before he opens the call to questions. Woody?

Absolutely.

Yes. No, we raised the -- it's a great question, Darrin. We raised the revenue synergy guidance just because of our actual cross-sell wins. What propels us to the upper end of that will clearly be the timely on-boarding of these large implementations that Woody discussed. And as you see, like we have in the past, we're accelerating some investment into this growth curve. As the growth curve accelerates and our backlog builds, obviously, we want to make sure that we have the personnel necessary to install the solutions. But the response to our solution capabilities has just really been tremendous across both banking and merchant. We feel -- and Capital Markets for that nature. We highlighted a cross-sell win in Capital Markets with a premium payback in the prepared remarks. So really across all the segments, we're just seeing really good, solid demand for our next-generation solution suite. Our pipeline continues to grow and our sales, more importantly, we continue to close the business. And all of that's pushed us to raise our revenue guide. We exited the year with $80 million in run rate. That's installed and producing revenue. So that's well ahead of our initial $100 million target for the end of 2020. So when you just back into that, we're already at $80 million through the first 5 months, when you look at the sales that we even just highlighted in Q4 and as those on-board in the first half or through the first 3 quarters of the year, plus with our pipeline, we feel really good about revenue synergies, and to Woody's point, feel very confident about the upper end of those guidance ranges.

Yes. No, we talked a lot about on this call about, one, there was 3 significant wins. There was a top 10 that we didn't name, but there was also the top 20 and top 30 that you just mentioned. We talked a lot about on this call is that there is a tremendous amount of pent-up demand in the marketplace. And this is a global statement of very large financial institutions that are tied to extremely old legacy platforms. And we've talked a lot about when we will see that market finally starting to transition to a much more modern, much more open architecture to allow them to continue to compete for the next several decades. And I think this quarter was a significant moment in the industry where we saw, as I said, a top 10 institution, a top 20 institution, a top 30 institution all make that decision to go through a transformation of their core banking. And in many instances, they're going off very multiple decades-old type legacy capabilities to a much more future modern architecture. So we're really excited about what we're seeing in the industry. I can honestly tell you, the pipeline is as full as I've ever seen for core banking on a global basis for next-generation capabilities. And we feel very good about the fact we started this investment cycle 3, 4 years ago, we've been investing heavily into these next-generation capabilities and really feel like we're in a very good spot as far as timing the industry for when that transformation is going to begin.

No, Tim, that's a great question, and you're exactly right. It's not in the revenue synergies upside. And we're actively working through those strategies, and we will be pushing into those other markets as you described. We're very excited about the merchant team and how it's come together under FIS. We're very excited about the combinations that we're seeing between our banking relationships and our broader merchant relationships. And so like everything we do, we participate on a global basis. We've already been teeing up the countries that we're focusing on, building out those go-to-market strategies, aligning our development initiatives to correspond to that. And so more will be coming on that, but that's absolutely upside to the future of the company.

Yes. No, I think you're exactly right. Obviously, these larger programs do take a longer period of time to implement. We've talked about that multiple times on the call. So it's not uncommon to go through a 12-plus month sales cycle, and then you've got a reciprocal 12-plus month implementation cycle. What makes us excited about driving our growth rates beyond 7% and upper single digits is not only the demand that we're seeing on cross-sell in revenue synergies. We talked a lot about that and we continue to not only raise the dollar amount of that, we also raised the timing of it being pulling it in earlier than what we thought. But we're also, and we've talked about this now for multiple, multiple quarters, we're in well over a year now of really rapid sales growth around our newer technologies. And that's whether it's on the banking business, on the merchant business or on the Capital Markets business. The demand we're seeing for our cloud-based deployments, our ability to lower the total cost of ownership of these large institutions and drive a real differentiating value proposition is playing out very well in the market. So you've got this combination of revenue synergies, but more importantly, this combination of being able to compete and take share and drive significant new sales wins across all 3 of our verticals gives us a lot of confidence that our growth profile is going to continue to accelerate in the out years, as Woody discussed.

Yes. No. When we think about consolidation in the industry, we think, obviously, across our client base primarily impacting the banking and Capital Markets group, that's going to continue. But we're not projecting that's going to accelerate dramatically from where -- from what we saw in 2019. So it's been a fairly consistent trend. One of the nice things about FIS' position is because we're typically positioned in the large regional market, those tend to be our -- the customers that are doing the consolidating. So we're the -- we've been, in a lot of instances, the beneficiary of that -- of those combinations. But we'll continue to watch it closely and -- but modeling pretty well consistent behavior over 2019 on that front.

Yes. We really saw great strength in the quarter and frankly, for the whole year across all 3 of our segments. Really saw great growth in Capital Markets around our RegTech solutions and some of the things we're doing through our SaaS model and cloud-based technologies. The banking business saw strong sales across our next-generation solutions, our next-generation digital, our omnichannel things we're doing there. Obviously, we highlighted what's going on with our core banking transformation. And then, Woody has talked about it several times on the call, the strength we saw across e-com and integrated in the merchant business. So we were very pleased with how '19 unfolded. And obviously, all that pushes us into 2020 with a lot of new sales we have to deliver on, which is good.

Well, look, we continually focus on all kinds of -- all the combinations going on, any M&A activity, any partnerships. And obviously, we watch that very closely. At this point in time, we feel very good about our position across the globe, especially in merchant and our ability. When you look at our scale on merchant and our ability to truly be the only global provider of e-com at scale, we feel very good about our positions, but we'll continue to watch those things. As far as Visa, typically, we'd pass on all of those through our fee structure very transparently. So obviously, we're working through those changes, but we don't see any impact at the moment.

Tim, it's a good question. What I would tell you is, obviously, we've only been involved now a little over 5, 6 months. What I'm telling you -- what we're seeing in the sales cycle, I wouldn't say an increase in RFP activity. But what I would say is we're seeing increased pipeline and increased demand for our capabilities. And so we're obviously leaning into that. Worldpay had made some significant investments around omnichannel leading up to our combination. Obviously, they had made some significant investment in e-commerce. They had also made some significant investments in the U.K. on the new acquiring platform. So when you look at all of those things, what they had done on the consolidation between Vantiv and Worldpay, all of that's playing in very nicely into our sales success and allowing us to compete on a global front very effectively. So we're seeing very good, strong pipeline growth and good, solid sales success especially across the e-commerce and omnichannel, as I highlighted one in Europe in my prepared remarks.

On prior calls, we actually highlighted the fact that we didn't want to change any commission plans. We wanted to make sure that everybody was very focused and prepared to execute and got the same credit they got before the combination pulled together. That's always been an important step for us because the last thing we want to do is create any confusion across our sales force. So I think because of those -- because we haven't made any changes and because we're now giving everybody an opportunity to pull these other products, that's helped to increase our pull through. I think the other side of it, and we highlighted it on the call in the prepared remarks, is we're just finding more and more capabilities across the 2 companies that resonate with those existing customers. So I highlighted our prepaid opportunity. That was something we really didn't identify during due diligence, but that came out of a cross-sell into an existing Worldpay customer that now has allowed us to create a whole new opportunity. And we see a lot of growth in that opportunity now as we've built that out. So I think those 2 things, just pulling the teams together because we're a full 12 months ahead of where we thought we'd be on integration. The benefits of the team coming together and working as a team and identifying those opportunities, you're just really seeing that pay through in the cross-sells.

Well, on the U.K. front, as we talked about in prior calls, we've -- frankly, our U.K. volumes are already pretty much at recessionary levels. We saw a little softness in quarter on the U.K., but we've modeled that in. We really modeled in no recovery, but we've also modeled in the volumes at about where they were in Q4. In other words, we're not modeling them to dip -- to fall off a significant amount. We feel very comfortable, though, with our -- with the business that we are signing. We've also got some new leadership in the U.K. So we think there's an opportunity to really grow our share in the U.K. as well. So we're pretty excited of what the team is coming together on that front. But the quick answer is for 2020, we've pretty much modeled the U.K. consistent with what we saw in 2019.

Yes. Let me take a few of these, and then we'll let Woody get into the details. The quick answer is we've modeled a fairly consistent 2019. I would say it that way. Our pandemic task force is obviously very focused on the coronavirus. Right now, we don't see any material impact for us throughout the Asian region. If we do have any impact at all, it would just be a matter of a few million dollars in Q1, but we're monitoring it very closely. And frankly, we're very comfortable that, that's not going to be an issue. So we continue to watch those things. But as far as when we look at the growth rates around the world, we're modeling consistency through 2020. 
Any other comment, Woody?

That's right.

No, no, Ramsey, it's a great question. I would say we're just -- obviously, we're just getting started with our revenue synergies. While we're excited about $80 million, we've got a long way to go reach our race targets. We feel great about our targets and obviously, we feel great about the sales success we've had. I would tell you, I even put it in my prepared remarks, our debit routing has done very well. And so that continues to contribute. We actually saw good volumes -- additional volumes even coming through in the quarter. So I would say we're not completely finished there. But as you highlighted in late innings, and those were very early wins. Premium payback, we're just getting started. I mean, we had some very significant signings. You don't want to trivialize a top 3 merchant and PayPal. I mean, those are just huge opportunities. Obviously, we've got to deploy those next year. So we haven't started seeing revenue growth. But more importantly than that, we're seeing really large pipeline and additional sales around premium payback. So that's -- those aren't the only 2 that we've signed. We've now signed a number of customers. The one that has surprised us is the merchant referral program across our regional banks. We actually didn't predict the response that we're seeing on that base in our larger institutions, which is a very pleasant surprise. The -- as far as the authorization rates and fraud rates, we've talked about that on prior calls, really just working on the models, working on the data consolidation. So I would argue, those results have not even started at this point in time. We're doing the work leading up to what -- doing the work that will then drive the results in late 2020 and 2021. So very early stages on a lot of these things, but feel really good about the early results, the signings to date and the pipeline.

Yes. No, I really do. I think it's just a matter -- we talked about it in the past. We're really seeing a transformation around technology that, frankly, none of us have seen in our careers. And so with this transformation and technology, a lot of people talk about the fourth industrial revolution. But the reality is, these newer technologies are going to require a replacement. You're not going to be able to iterate your legacy technologies. You're going to have to go through a conversion to really take advantage of these new open standards, this new scaled standards, this new availability standards. And so yes, Brett, I think we really have -- as I said in my prepared remarks, we're seeing a significant milestone in the industry when you've got a top 10, top 20 and top 30 bank all making their decision to go through that transformation. 
Woody's point is dead on, we've had a lot of early success with our next-generation core banking system, the modern banking platform. But what we're -- but now, frankly, that's one of the reasons why we're investing so much in delivery. We've got a very, very strong pipeline and active discussions going on. So we don't expect these to be the only big deals announced. So we're excited about it. And we do believe this is a global issue. I was just over in Asia earlier in January and every customer I met with, and even in Q4 when I was outside of the country, every CEO I was meeting with is talking about this issue. And so this is a global opportunity for FIS. And I just think we're very well positioned and just getting started. I think for the next 10 years, you're going to see this kind of transformation is going to occur across core banking.

Yes. Look, we want to make sure, James, whatever we do is that we continue to invest behind our growth to continue to accelerate that growth curve. So like we've seen in -- we've got a real unique opportunity here where we really do see the market moving through our sales results and our sales channels across all of our segments. So the need -- the ability to invest in that and deliver on these capabilities and get them in market and help further accelerate our sales team. We're investing in sales resource as well. So Woody talked about that. It's not just all delivery. Right now, we've got a tremendous amount of demand. We want to make sure that we have the necessary people in markets that can capture and capitalize on these opportunities.

Thank you. I am proud of our outstanding results in 2019. I also want to recognize the work our team has done to accelerate our integration time line by a full 12 months. I would also like to thank all of our associates across the globe who are working hard every day to advance the way the world pays, banks, and invests. If you have any questions following today's call, please reach out to our Investor Relations team. I want to thank you for joining us today.