Thank you, Nate. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to announce our fourth quarter and full year results, starting on Slide 5. 2020 was an unprecedented year for the world and for FIS with the COVID-19 pandemic impact in the world on a human as well as an economic level. Despite the extraordinary year, we leveraged our scale and resources to keep the global economy running while delivering solid results. We generated $12.6 billion in revenue as our balanced solution portfolio allowed us to offset weaker consumer spending trends with strong demand for our banking and capital market solutions. 
As we closed out 2020, all 3 of our business segments ended the year with record annual sales, continuing to prove that our solutions and technologies are winning share around the globe. Our backlog grew 7% organically to $22 billion. This gives us exceptional visibility into our future growth trajectory and drives our confidence in accelerating organic revenue growth for our banking and capital market segments. 
From a Merchant perspective, given the accelerating rollout of COVID vaccines globally and improving trends in economic indicators, we are confident we will see strong Merchant revenue acceleration throughout 2021. Our team continues to execute at the highest levels, demonstrated by our ability to expand adjusted EBITDA margins by 120 basis points for the full year despite near-term COVID challenges. 
We also made great progress with the Worldpay integration, remaining well ahead of plan and exited the year generating more than $200 million in revenue synergies and more than $750 million in cost synergies. With this impressive momentum, we are excited to build on our strengths as we look ahead to accelerating organic revenue growth in 2021. 
Turning to Slide 6. FIS had a very successful year operating the business, and I couldn't be prouder of the team's accomplishments and unwavering commitment to support our clients and communities. The modernization and innovation investments we've made are paying dividends, enabling us to accelerate organic growth across our entire business. 
Amazon, a long-term Merchant client added our Capital Markets industry-leading treasury management system to the growing portfolio of services that we provide them. Further, Walgreens and Giant Eagle expanded their long-standing relationships with FIS. Walgreens selected our integrated payables solution and Giant Eagle selected a series of our back office financial solutions from our comprehensive banking suite. We also recently developed an innovative benefits card solution with UnitedHealth Group that combines strengths from across FIS. In this partnership, we created a fully in-house solution where we accept transactions as the merchant processor, route them through our network and finish with our own authorization and settlement engine. 2020 highlighted how our unique capabilities are being successfully combined to serve our clients in ways that they can't find anywhere else. 
We continue to invest in cutting-edge technologies for the future, including contactless, voice-enabled and self-service solutions as well as AI and automation. We launched over 60 new products in 2020 with a focus on enabling our clients to grow their revenues and operate more efficiently. All of this enables FIS to emerge from the pandemic in an even stronger competitive position. We also continue to be relentlessly focused on improving our own operational efficiencies. We made exceptional progress in integrating Worldpay as well as consolidating platforms and data centers, with over 70% of our global compute now running in the cloud. 
To continue our upward margin momentum, we are beginning the next phase of our enterprise transformation. We will leverage data analytics and automation to reduce our cost and create new efficiencies by upgrading and consolidating our technology platforms as well as continuing to simplify our technology architecture. As a result, FIS will be faster, more agile and deliver frictionless service by transforming our operating model and streamlining our organization. Given the tremendous achievements from our data center consolidation program and ongoing cost synergies, I am confident in our ability to deliver 45% adjusted EBITDA margins this year and then continue to expand them in each year for the foreseeable future. 
From a market viewpoint, demand continues to increase. Both our sales pipeline and backlog continue to grow, and we are finding new sources of revenue synergies and cross-sell wins to accelerate our business further. 
Turning to Slide 7. In Banking Solutions, we continue to win share and accelerate revenue growth. Our investments have enabled us to build a differentiated offering, winning new logos across markets of all sizes and actively expanding wallet share with existing clients. As a result, our backlog within the Banking business expanded by 8% organically and generated $3.5 billion in new sales during 2020, which is our largest selling year ever. Cross-selling of new solutions into our existing client base is also up, including a 23% increase in cross-selling solutions to our top 100 clients. 
In addition, 3 of our recent Modern Banking Platform wins are now live, and we project that the Modern Banking Platform will generate in excess of $100 million of revenue in 2021. We expanded our relationship with Bank of Hawaii to power their digital banking product offering. They will implement our Digital One solution to bring modern, best-in-class capabilities to both self-service and banker-assisted channels. Lastly, U.S. Bank, a top 5 bank, selected our bill pay solution due to our simple integration and personalization across digital channels. Our multiyear sales success, strong revenue backlog, continued strength in the pipeline and ability to consistently drive innovation into the market lay out a clear path for Banking to accelerate revenue growth in 2021. 
Turning to Slide 8. In Merchant, we will leverage our technology advantage and leading competitive position to continue to win share, all while taking advantage of the revenue tailwind being presented by recovering economic and pandemic indicators. We continue to outpace the industry regarding total volumes being processed, indicating not only the overall strength of our capabilities but our continued ability to gain share throughout the pandemic. 
We are also seizing the opportunity created by the rapid shift to consumer spending to online and digital channels where our e-commerce volume, excluding travel and airlines, grew 32%. We provide advanced and highly differentiated omnichannel capabilities, including buy online and pick up or return in store, which merchants must have to compete in the digital economy. Our expanded relationship with Walmart to process e-commerce transactions is a great example, and we are also winning new business with innovative online providers, like Grubhub. NortonLifeLock also selected FIS to provide global e-commerce acquiring -- using our innovative Access Worldpay gateway, which The Strawhecker Group just recognized for having the highest authorization rates in the industry. Looking forward, our global reach, tailored solutions and innovative technology will continue to drive share gains for us as changing merchant and consumer behaviors play to our strengths. 
Moving to Slide 9. Demand is strong for our end-to-end, front, middle and back office solutions within capital markets and our leading regulatory compliance technology. We continue to gain traction with our SaaS-based delivery model, which drove a 7% increase in new sales for reoccurring revenue in 2021, including a 19% increase in the fourth quarter. In addition, new logos contributed to 26% of our fourth quarter new sales, and average deal size grew 9% as we continue to add to our portfolio of leading buy-side and sell-side clients. All of these are strong indicators for accelerating growth in 2021. 
A few sales highlights include BNP Paribas, who recently chose to expand our relationship. We will transform their post-trade derivatives clearing platform, which will allow them to benefit from significant cost and operational efficiencies as well as enhance customer service, all while reducing risk. We also signed an agreement with Allianz, a large global insurance company, to provide payment and cash processing platforms. 
On the buy side, Vanguard recently expanded their relationship with us to include outsourced tax reporting, highlighting one of our leading RegTech solutions. Our differentiated end-to-end solutions are winning share, and our transition to recurring SaaS-based revenue streams is also taking hold, which gives us confidence in our ability to further accelerate this business. 
I'd like to underscore that we are pleased with our full year 2020 results across all of our business segments. We expect this positive momentum to continue into 2021 and beyond. 
Woody will now provide additional detail on the financial results for the quarter as well as forward guidance. Woody?

Yes, Jason. Gary here. That's a great question. We're very confident in the accelerating growth in the banking channel. It's clear when you look at the backlog, we've seen acceleration over the last several quarters, which is a testament to our -- to the sales engine closing a business. So now as we enter into this year, it's really all about implementing that backlog, getting it stood up. I thought it was important to let everybody know that, for example, the Modern Banking Platform, we had 3 deals already go live this year, which is a good testament of that platform. It's now in market, processing. Obviously, we've got a lot of sales behind that, that are in the implementation cycle and continue to progress. 
But we feel good about where we are. We're not -- it's hard to predict termination fees at this point, but we see no indications that we're going to have challenges with termination fees or growing over a termination fee. So I think it's just going to be good execution on behalf of Banking through the implementation channel. Obviously, we want to continue to have our sales engine continue to add to that backlog so that growth acceleration maintains going into 2022, but we feel good about 2021.

Yes. No, George, a great question. And I'll start, and then I'll turn it over to Bruce. So I think you're hitting a very important point. We were well ahead of the cloud migration, as you remember, going back 5 years ago where we started moving and enabling our capabilities in the cloud and taking advantage of that. And the advantage in market was certainly resiliency, availability, speed, et cetera. Advantage to us was lowering our overall cost. We then started 3 years ago building cloud-native applications to sit on the technology framework. And what you're seeing there is a totally different paradigm shift. And you are starting to see some start-ups in the market, but I would say we're well ahead. Whether it's our Modern Banking Platform, our Code Connect platform, our Digital One, all of those are about enabling speed, lowering overall cost, being able to deploy in more componentized architecture and really take advantage of the cloud.

Yes. I think it's a great question, and Woody tried to address that in some of the capital allocation in the prepared remarks. As you think about it, M&A is going to continue to be an important pillar in our strategy. We're going to continue to look for things that accelerate our growth further from where we are today, large transformational M&A, where we think we're extremely good at integrating those kind of companies, you see the success rate we've had now with well over $740 million of cost out of Worldpay and over $200 million in revenue at this point. So we think there's a way to drive scale and drive complements to that. 
As we think about it, our aperture can be pretty wide. Diversification of revenue is an important differentiator for us. You've seen us actually do very well against our peer group in the middle of a COVID -- in the middle of a pandemic, which is all due to that diversification of revenue. So opening our aperture and looking for things that maybe could drive those kind of benefits I just described would be important. 
But we also -- to Bruce's point earlier, given our investment in innovation, given our investment in technology, our ability to launch new product and capability, we don't have to do M&A to continue to grow. But if we could find something that accelerates our growth, brings the necessary scale that we're looking for, or additive scale, has ability to take out costs, integrate that company, absolutely, we would do another M&A transaction.

Yes. Let me add a little color on that, Darrin. I mean as you think about our investment strategy, we obviously have concluded our data center consolidation, which was very successful, and we've talked about that a lot. Now it's our opportunity to really move to the next evolution of our technology. And so as Woody talked about, we'll be investing in our businesses not only in new product that actually Bruce brought up and deploying more new product faster in market, which is going to be very important, we have a really unique opportunity to now start consolidating our platforms and getting significant cost out. So we're very confident in continuing to accelerate that 50 and 100 bps beyond this year, all while maintaining what we would view as really industry-leading investment back in innovation and growth. And so we've been able to maintain that balance throughout the data center consolidation, and we would expect that to be no different with this next wave. But very comfortable in continued margin expansion on an ongoing basis.

I think our preference would be the one that drives the most shareholder value at the end of the day, right? Something that fill a gap in our capability, brings the necessary scale that we would need in a particular area that we're focused on. I think that can be translated into whether it's tuck-in or large transformational M&A. I also would tell you, we also have been pretty disciplined in our approach over the years, right? So this is not a company that has to do M&A in order to continue to grow and accelerate, and you see that with our guide. When we did the Worldpay combination, we guided to 7% to 9% growth. And this year, we're going to be in that range. And obviously, we feel comfortable we can maintain in that range going even into 2022 and beyond with margin expansion based on things we've talked about. 
So we'll continue to look at things that make sense for the company, things that drive scale, things that fill in product, things that we see, perhaps some markets moving in a direction where we think doing some type of M&A activity will be faster than us building it ourselves. All of that will be taken into consideration and making sure that it drives the appropriate shareholder returns.

Bruce, why don't you take that.

Yes. A significant indicator of that, David, was I mentioned in the top 100 financial institutions, we saw a 23% increase in cross-sells. That's significant for the year, and continuing to see that from a pipeline standpoint. So obviously, we've really differentiated ourselves in the large end of the market in Banking. And that level of cross-sell, given the product -- new product capability that Bruce and the team are bringing online, is -- continues to be a very important indicator.

Yes. Tien-Tsin, I think it's a great question. I think we actually do have good muscle in that space. We've done a really nice job increasing our direct sales force. We also had a lot of success last year increasing our partner-led sales. I mean a lot of our partner growth areas were up 4 and 5x over the prior years, whether that's banking referral or even some of our ISV referral programs, which will pay huge dividends to us going into the recovery. But I think we're well positioned to take advantage of it. We also have made a lot of investments in our technology as well, which really allows for more rapid onboarding of merchants. So all of those things would be great indicators of us being in a really good position on the recovery.

Yes. No, I think that's exactly right. I mean, basically, you look at the $100 million commitment, what we're seeing is a steady ramp over the year with implementations. We'll also -- as Bruce talked about, our backlog has more than doubled on that front, so being able to drive additional sales. The nice thing about the business being reoccurring in nature is you'll grow from there, right, going into 2022. So it'll continue to accelerate with more pipeline being added. 
From a cross-sell standpoint, do you want to take that, Bruce?

Yes. I mean just to build on that, we talked about in prior calls our focus on the lending side over the next several years. We did -- we build these solutions in a very agile way, as you would expect, being a modern technology, being cloud native. And so the reality is we did make our first drop on our unsecured lending. So we're starting to build out those capabilities. So that will also be a cross-sell opportunity in the back half of this year and going into 2022. But to Bruce's point, keep in mind that becomes the center of all of our cross-sales to drive our back office services, some of our RegTech capabilities, the list goes on and on and on. And as you've seen last year, we saw a huge increase once again in our top 100 cross-sells at 23%.

Yes. Right now, early on, we consistently see the early adopters. And we want to make sure that everybody understands we're just getting started on this, right? So as you start thinking about people really moving to cloud-native core banking, a lot of it has been either on in-house built systems or very, very old legacy technology today. What we're starting to see gather in the pipeline is as we get launched now with some of the customers, you've got another wave of people now really starting to evaluate existing technology they're on that would be more modern in nature but still not cloud-native and taking advantage of that. But the early adopters have been primarily coming off more in-house developed systems or systems that are multiple decades old.

Well, honestly, Brett, I think it's a great question. I think whether it's an arm race or not, hopefully, what you're seeing is FIS is leading that. We started our cloud-based deployments 5 years ago. And at this point in time, we're well in excess of 70% of all of our compute now in the cloud, and that will trend over 80% here over the first half of this year. If you look at our investment, Woody highlighted almost $1 billion of capital a year. Keep in mind, that is us driving 60 new products in market, Modern Banking Platform; retooling our Payments One initiatives; Digital one, a cloud-native omnichannel platform on deployment; as well as all the things we're doing in Capital Markets and Merchant with our Access Worldpay gateway and others and also NAP conversion. 
So we -- I think we're balancing it very well. And we're doing that because these new technologies not only allow you to compete on the revenue front, they should and will drive cost out, right? If you start driving true AI into your organizations, you're going to eliminate costs, there's no way around it. If you automate, you're going to eliminate costs. And so our balance that we've done over the last several years as we went through the cloud migration that's now complete, we're doing the exact same thing with our platform rationalization as well as the exact same thing with new product launches, all while balancing. 
But we think we're in a really good position with about 8% of our revenue being deployed back into capital. Keep in mind also, as Woody talked about our free cash flow converting, we will have our debt completely reloaded by the end of this year. No sense paying our debt structure down faster. So that will even give us additional capital to deploy across that strategy, whether it's increasing share buybacks, whether it's increasing M&A or whether it's increasing new product capabilities to continue to drive our organic revenue growth in those upper single digits and then moving from there.

Thank you. I want to provide some closing thoughts before we end the call. While the 1-year anniversary of the COVID-19 pandemic isn't something we may celebrate with joy, I strongly believe there are reasons to applaud our collective perseverance and our passion for standing up and doing what's right. In this same time period, dominated by daily challenges of the virus, we stretched ourselves to evolve to think and deliver differently. At FIS, we took these challenges head on, and I firmly believe that we are a stronger, more resilient company from where we were a year ago. 
As the backbone to the global financial ecosystem, we ensured that transactions and accounts continue to be processed 24/7 while we reimagined our system implementation processes, enabling us to implement systems in a 100% virtual environment. We rapidly implemented a real-time lending platform for our financial institution clients, streamlining and speeding the processing of more than 225,000 PPP-approved loan under the CARES Act. So far in 2021, we've expanded our reach and successfully processed nearly $8 billion of PPP loan applications for more than 68,000 U.S. merchants and small businesses. 
We also managed the rollout and distribution of expanded EBT benefits under SNAP in 28 U.S. states and territories, helping over 10 million children. Just as important, we doubled down on our commitments to support our communities by executing global giveback programs to donate PP&E equipment and prepaid cards to support our frontline health care workers. 
We also recognize our responsibility to push for sustained social change, both domestically and globally. As you have heard us mention before, increasing inclusion and diversity, financial inclusion and climate change initiatives are important goals for all of us at FIS. Building an environment that enables our colleagues, clients and communities to thrive demonstrates how we are leveraging our technology and innovation at scale to create lasting change that benefits everyone. 
To our colleagues, thank you for all your hard work and ongoing commitment to our clients, communities and each other. And for everyone else on the call, thank you for joining us today and for your ongoing support. If you have any follow-up questions, please reach out to our investor relationships team. 
This concludes our Q4 earnings call. Have a great day.