Okay. Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. In the third quarter, we had adjusted earnings of $1.4 billion. We generated operating cash flow of $2.2 billion, which meaningfully exceeded our capital spending and dividends during the quarter. We returned $394 million to shareholders through dividends, and in October, we increased the quarterly dividend to $0.92 per share. We believe in a secure, competitive and growing dividend. Since we formed as a company, we've returned approximately $29 billion to shareholders and we remain committed to disciplined capital allocation. 
We're seeing signs of sustainable cash generation improvement. We've made good progress on debt repayment, reducing our debt balance by $1 billion so far this year. We're on a path to pre-pandemic level debt, strengthening our balance sheet and supporting our strong investment-grade credit ratings. 
Earlier this week, we announced an agreement to acquire all of the publicly held units of Phillips 66 Partners. The all-equity transaction simplifies our corporate structure and positions us to drive greater value for both Phillips 66 shareholders and Phillips 66 Partners unitholders. We continue to advance the company-wide transformation efforts that we began in 2019. We believe that strengthening our cost position is necessary for long-term competitiveness. 
We recently initiated an effort to identify opportunities to significantly reduce cost across our portfolio. We're in the process of scoping these reductions and look forward to updating you early next year on our progress. 
Recently, we announced greenhouse gas targets to reduce the carbon emissions intensity from our operations by 2030. Our targets demonstrate our commitment to sustainability and to meeting the world's energy needs today and in the future. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Mark to provide some additional comments.

Okay. Well, I'll take a stab at that and then Kevin and Mark and Tim can help. But first of all, I think probably we ought to acknowledge that PSXP played a significant role in growing our Midstream business. If you look back kind of pre PSXP, so pre 2013, kind of Midstream business generated about $500 million of EBITDA, and today, it's $2.1 billion and more than half of that is at the MLP. 
So it did a nice job in helping us build in grow a substantial Midstream business. One thing we're looking at today is that the market just doesn't value kind of the drop-down growth-fueled MLPs at this point in time. Consider trading in a 9% yield. We see institutional ownership drop from the 90s into the low 70s. And then from our perspective, cost of capital is relatively high versus PSX. And so it doesn't really provide an attractive vehicle to fund our growth midstream investments.  
And then I will also say at the very beginning we felt like the MLP provide a clear line of sight to valuation of our Midstream business from some of the parts spaces, and I'm not certain that really applies today. So you think about these are high-quality Midstream assets. We know them really well. We're able to acquire them for essentially a 9-ish multiple and trade it up into a 10x multiple, which should be created from a some of the parts basis. 
And then I think as we think about the future of Midstream and potential consolidation in Midstream, I think rolling up the PSXP gives us more degrees of freedom to create value with those assets. For a long time, a lot of the strength in -- was the MLP was the diversity of the assets. You think about crude oil pipelines and terminals and product pipelines and NGL assets. 
And we think that by being able to take those apart in discrete assets, that we can create more value with those as we move into the future. I don't know, Kevin or Mark, if you want to add on to that, you're certainly welcome to do that.

Yes. Well, we've come to a big period of build in Midstream, I'd say we've finished up CDG. Frac 4  will finish up essentially this year going into next year. So there's no big spend in front of us in Midstream. Obviously, we have the Rodeo Renewed project and we're anxious to get started on that next year. But I think that all fits within the guidance we've kind of consistently given here over the last couple of quarters of $2 billion or less for 2022. 
We actually go to our Board for approval of the capital budget in December time frame. But that's -- in round numbers, that's kind of the numbers that we're looking at for 2022. I think that as -- certainly cash generation is improving, as you can see the results from this quarter, I think we're probably more optimistic today that we're moving towards more of a mid-cycle earnings profile in our Refining business. Our Marketing and Specialties has been performing really, really strong this whole year. Chem has been really strong this year. Midstream has been really strong this year. 
So as we get Refining back to something approaching more mid-cycle, that increase more optionality around the cash and what we do with the cash. But clearly, we're on a glide slope to pay down debt. We want to get back to that $12 billion pre-pandemic level. And as we've mentioned in the opening comments, we've paid $1 billion down so far this year of that.  So we're on a glide slope to do that. 
But I think the real model post for us as we start thinking about capital allocation, that first $1 is always going to go to our dividend or sustaining capital. Next $1 goes to dividend and then we think about debt reduction. And then hopefully, we'll get to a point where we start working share repurchases back in. So Kevin, if you want to add anything to that.

Neil, I'll take a stab at that. So we are optimistic going forward and the market is setting up well, setting up for our kit as well too. As you know, we're distillate-heavy versus gasoline. And in the U.S. distillate is over gasoline in every market now but Chicago, and we think that will continue through the winter. 
You've seen the WCS dips come off. A few reasons why, with some refining problems in the Mid-Con barrels got -- WCS barrels got to the Gulf Coast, weakened the dip and the Canadian dips followed. And also, there were some pipeline issues just this past week in Canada, which also helped weakened the dip. We think that dip will strengthen a bit going forward but we're happy where it is now. 
In terms of Brent TIs, the Brent TI need to stay relatively tight as you've seen Cushing inventories are at 27 million barrels currently. We're getting close to operational means when that happens, we need to keep crude in the United States. And the best way to do that is to tighten the WTI-Brent differential. So we think it will stay in the $2 to $3 range going forward. So we think, by and large, the market is setting up for a good Q4 and certainly a good 2022.

I'll go ahead and start on the marketing assets, Theresa and then Bob can jump in on the refining assets. In terms of Marketing, we continue to build retail in Europe. We've had -- if you listen to Kevin's comments, that was part of the reason why Marketing had its second best quarter ever. 
As people come back in overseas, we're seeing Austria at 2019 levels of demand, Switzerland, 2019 level of demand, U.K. as well. Germany is still off about 5% but it's coming back as well. 
So the business has been really good. We continue to reimage and update our stores over there. That's giving us about a 2% increase in demand as well. And then we're looking for some emerging energy opportunities. 
We've been building hydrogen stores in Switzerland, and we're looking for some more opportunities to put in electric pumps and some other things over there that you'll be hearing about hopefully in the near future.

And I would say also the market really set up for us in the third quarter. We had an early harvest season. It started early September, which is atypical, no weather delays. Some of our competitors had issues during the third quarter that helped us out. We had low distillate inventories as well and that favors our kit. And we talked about the WCS steps, which were also wider. So all those things helped us in the Mid-Continent in Q3.

Okay. I'll take the first part and I'll let Kevin talk about the write-down, so your 2-part question there. Yes. So as we said, we don't anticipate Alliance running in the fourth quarter. So you can think about that as about a 10% hit to utilization kind of on a normal basis, if we would have been running during the quarter. So we would have been guiding to low 90s. 
So yes, for a fourth quarter, low 90s. A little bit of turnaround activity in 4Q, not too heavy, so I would characterize that we're kind of back to running our system in a normal condition. And so we'll run as the economics dictate and particularly with heavy crude coming, the dips coming wider, that usually incents us to run several of our assets harder. But then, yes, we keep Alliance in the denominator until it's not in the denominator.

Yes. I think on that front, Doug, we continue to explore any and all avenues for the Alliance Refinery. As everybody knows, it suffered significant damage, particularly significant electrical system damage from the flood waters that hit it. And we have been painstakingly working our way through the assessment of how do you restore operations there. So that work continues. 
We continue to, as we announced before, seek buyers for the facility. And then we continue to work with those third parties to see what the actual outcome of the Alliance Refinery. It is too soon to make that call as to what operators are refinery again or in some other capacity, either for us or somebody else.

Okay. I'll take a shot at nat gas and I'll let Brian talk about retail plans. So we provide sensitivity, Paul, that for every $1 change in million Btu nat gas price, about $150 million a year across our fleet. And you can think about that as about $100 million of that is pure natural gas and the other $50 million comes through in electricity and steam purchases. 
Of the $100 million then, it's about 3/4 hits our controllable cost line, and then the other 1/4 of it is in cost of goods sold, primarily natural gas that we buy to turn into hydrogen. And that's without any mitigating steps within the refining system. Obviously, a lot of refineries have the ability to fuel propane and a little bit of butane. And really the economics of the day will drive what we decide to do there. 
We've also got the knob of turning up severity on cat crackers and making more gas. So there's a lot of moving parts into that sensitivity, but the simplest way to think about it is just kind of $1 is $150 million a year, so if we can call that $35 million or so a quarter.

Who wants to take that?

I think maybe the other thing I might add is we know a lot about the specialty coke that goes into the anodes and how to tailor that and make properties around that. But the further up the value chain we get, the more we can understand how we can make those properties special, right? 
And so that we can drive more value creation. And at the end of the day, better batteries. And so that's part of what's driving this, is to seek to understand the ultimate customers in this market so we can help drive performance.

Yes. Manav, I think that we're holding with our view of mid-cycle margins that there may have been -- I think that clearly, the plastics industry benefited during the pandemic. I think as there may be some residual effects there with respect to personal protective equipment and things like that. But I think as the world moves beyond the pandemic, we see things coming back to a more normal supply and demand situation. And I think it contributed to the strong growth that we've seen and -- but we don't see a multiplier effect on that going forward.

Yes. I would say, with low inventories across all products, with jet fuel starting to come back, the government opening up international travel to vaccinated travelers by November 8, I think we'll continue to see the light heavy dips expand. We've seen MEH and also Dubai, Brent both expand quite a bit from late July to now. So I think we'll continue to see that expansion. 
Part of that is this drive to use more sweet crude even overseas where people -- where hydrogen is costly so desulfurization is costly, so people want to switch to -- or refiners want to switch to more light crude diet. So I think things are setting up for a good 2022. We're here, we'll call it, an average year for us, but it may be better than that depending on if inventories continue to decrease. 
Little bit -- realized crack kind of 12 to 19, 3:1 when adjusted. It's kind of $10.50 a barrel, give or take and we're kind of $8.50-ish in this quarter. So we're not quite back to a mid-cycle crack. But to the point that you raised earlier, I think -- well, I don't think we're bullish. I've never been bullish in Refining, so it's not time my grow horns here. But I do think that we're probably more constructive today on 2022 in Refining and moving towards mid-cycle margins than we were anytime in the past, 19 months, I would say.

Yes. So I'll take a shot at a couple of pieces to that. The -- so you're right. The Other category is our most volatile category, and we call it Other because everything that isn't straightforward is in there. So you've got RIN effects in there, you've got inventory effects in there. We've also got product differential effects in there, so on -- particularly in the Atlantic Basin, when European cracks really disconnect from the Atlantic Coast, we'll see the plus or minus in that category. 
Inventory accounting can move numbers in there quite a bit. And there's a few steady things in there like freight to get our products to market and those sorts of things are pretty steady, but the volatility really comes, product dips and that also includes the timing of our realizations for the products we move up Colonial Pipeline to the East Coast. That can be very volatile month-to-month and quarter-to-quarter. 
The RINs inventories and then between the places that we buy and sell our products. It's hard to say that the volatility will slow down. It's kind of always there. The bucket is just outsized right now because of the severe RIN impact that we show in the other category, right? That accounts for almost half of that bucket here over the last couple of quarters. 
On the NGL side, butane blending into gasoline, right? You run a fair amount. We'll want to do it if it's economic. So if NGLs prices run up and it doesn't make sense to put it in the gasoline, we won't. Overall, in Refining, as part of our secondary products, right, we make 4%, 5% NGLs off the refining complexes. So the higher the price for NGLs, the better off we are and lowers that usually negative to our income. So overall, it's -- we store a lot of our own butane every year to bring back and blend it in gasoline. But quite frankly, we'll sell it into the market if that makes more sense.

Yes. So today, the design is done, the permits in, so the opportunity currently to reconfigure what we plan to do there is really not there at this point, right? And -- but having said that, the refinery itself will make 8% to 10% yield of sustainable aviation fuel that the blender's tax credit as envisioned today may or may not incent us to do that. It's fairly close so it will depend on the -- on everything else that goes into the margin at that point whether we actually want to make sustainable aviation fuel or make renewable diesel. 
And like everything else in the commodity business, right, we'll let the economics dictate. I think there's plenty of opportunity as sustainable aviation fuel develops and the market develops for that over time to come back and do a debottlenecking or add a little bit of kit at Rodeo Renewed to make more sustainable aviation fuel is there, and will probably make sense, but it's probably going to take more than the $1.50 that the government is anticipating putting out there to make that happen.

Yes. I think -- I mean, look, this is still evolving as we move forward in this. But we do think carbon capture is going to be a key piece of the overall transition, being able to meet some of the targets and goals that have been set out there, whether by 2030, 2050. And so carbon capture going to be a key piece of that. I mean, it's already in play currently, just not in a large scale. 
But we certainly do believe there's opportunities for us to participate in that. And so a big key piece of that is going to be having a concentration of carbon to capture. I mean, you've got to have areas where there's heavy concentration. You've heard some of the stuff about Houston. And there are other metro areas or industrialized areas where there may be opportunities to do that as well. We certainly think with our assets and our structure and the products and the process that we do, that it does make sense. 
Now the next challenges doesn't make economic sense. So we're going to work both sides of that equation with regard to see what makes sense and what fits. Whether it's organic, whether it's with a partner, whether it's equity relationships, whether it's technology partnerships, I think at this point in time, we're not going to single in on one way. We're going to find out what the opportunity is and what the value is and then determine what's the best path to maximize and optimize value.