Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. 
Total adjusted earnings for the fourth quarter were $689 million or $1.54 per share. We generated $1.7 billion of operating cash flow. For the year, adjusted earnings were $3.7 billion or $8.05 per share. 
During the fourth quarter, we continue to progress our major growth projects. We achieved a major milestone with initial start-up of the Gray Oak Pipeline. Midstream performed well, delivering another record quarter in the Transportation business. Refining and Chemicals ran at 97% utilization. However, turnaround activity and weak product and petrochemical margins impacted our financial results.
During 2019, we made significant progress on executing our growth strategy in Midstream and Chemicals. Operating excellence remains a top priority for us, and we maintain our industry-leading performance.
We can always do better. We believe that a 0 incident, 0 accident workplace is achievable, and it's a goal we work hard for daily. Midstream completed a number of growth projects and delivered strong operating performance, contributing to another year of record adjusted earnings for that segment.
For the year, Refining ran at 94% utilization, while CPChem operated 97% O&P utilization. In 2019, we delivered a 34% total shareholder return for Phillips 66 shareholders. Phillips 66 Partners is integral to our Midstream strategy. PSXP delivered strong operating performance, eliminated incentive distribution rights and achieved a 56% total unitholder return in 2019. Phillips 66 Partners continues to be a leading master limited partnership with a strong financial position, attractive growth opportunities and disciplined capital allocation. 
We'd announced our AdvantEdge66 business transformation program in late 2019. AdvantEdge66 is leveraging technology to transform the way we run our operations, execute projects and make decisions. Through this program, we expect to deliver $1.2 billion of enhancements by the end of 2021.
We're committed to strong shareholder distributions. During the year, we returned $3.2 billion through dividends and share repurchases. In 2019, we increased the quarterly dividend 12.5% and announced a $3 billion increase to our share repurchase program. Since 2012, we've returned $26 billion to shareholders and reduced our initial shares outstanding by 33%.
We made significant progress on our key projects. These projects will contribute to future cash generation and create shareholder value. Phillips 66 Partners commenced initial operations on the Gray Oak Pipeline in November, and we anticipate full service in the second quarter of 2020. 
The 900,000 barrels per day pipeline will transport crude oil from the Permian and the Eagle Ford to the Texas Gulf Coast, including our Sweeny Refinery. Phillips 66 Partners owns a 42.25% interest in the pipeline. Gray Oak will connect to multiple refineries and export facilities in the Corpus Christi area, including the South Texas Gateway Terminal in which PSXP has a 25% ownership. The terminal will have 2 deepwater marine docks, 8.5 million barrels of storage capacity and up to 800,000 barrels per day of throughput capacity. The terminal is expected to start up in the third quarter of 2020.
The Liberty Pipeline will provide transportation with the growing Rockies and Bakken production areas to Cushing, Oklahoma. We own a 50% interest and will construct and operate Liberty. The Red Oak Pipeline system will connect Cushing and the Permian Basin to multiple locations along the Gulf Coast, including Corpus Christi, Ingleside, Houston and Beaumont. We own a 50% interest and will operate Red Oak. The Liberty and Red Oak pipelines are backed by long-term commitments, and we're targeting initial service in the first half of 2021. 
We're adding 3 150,000 barrel per day fractionators at the Sweeny Hub. Fracs 2 and 3 are on track to start up in the fourth quarter of 2020. Frac 4 is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2021. The fracs are backed by long-term customer commitments. On completion of Frac 4, Sweeny Hub will have 550,000 barrels per day of fractionation capacity. 
We're adding 2.2 million barrels of crude oil storage at our Beaumont Terminal to meet the increased need for Gulf Coast export infrastructure. Upon completion in the first quarter of 2020, the terminal will have 16.8 million barrels of crude and product storage capacity. In addition, we're constructing a new 200,000 barrel per day dock. This project is expected to be completed in the third quarter of 2020, resulting in a total dock capacity of 800,000 barrels per day at our Beaumont Terminal.
In Chemicals, CPChem is expanding its strategic partnership with Qatar Petroleum to develop petrochemical assets in the U.S. Gulf Coast and in Qatar. Pending final investment decisions, these world-scale projects wide ethylene and high-density polyethylene capacity in advantaged feedstock locations. This further enhances CPChem's leading polyethylene position to supply the world's growing demand for polymers. 
In Refining, we're upgrading one of the FCCs at the Sweeny Refinery to increase production of higher-value petrochemical products and higher octane gasoline. The project is on track to be completed in the second quarter of 2020. The Ponca City Refinery, we're upgrading FCC to increase yields of higher-value products and to process more advantaged feedstocks. This project is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2020.
We recently canceled the renewable diesel project at our Ferndale Refinery. Permitting uncertainties were leading to project delays and increased cost, impacting the viability of this project. Our renewable diesel strategy has not changed. We continue to pursue renewable diesel opportunities that leverage our existing infrastructure, supply network and capabilities.
In Marketing, during the fourth quarter, we entered into a retail marketing joint venture with operations primarily on the U.S. West Coast. The joint venture currently operates 580 retail sites. In addition, the joint venture is expected to close on an acquisition of approximately 100 additional sites in the first half of this year. The joint venture enables increased long-term placement of our refinery production and increases our exposure to retail margins.
Our strategy and commitment to capital discipline remains steadfast. We're focused on operating excellence, project execution, maintaining financial strength, while providing strong returns to our shareholders. 
So with that, I'll turn the call over to Kevin to review the financials.

Yes.

So Phil, I think, first of all, we're constructive Chemicals in medium and long term. There's no question that margins today are cyclical troughs, at least they feel like it anyway at this point in time. Yes, I think there's a couple of tailwinds. We saw some economic slowdown globally as we came into the back half of '19. Certainly, the tariffs have had some depressing effect on global margins, whether it's $0.05 or $0.10 or somewhere in between, but certainly has had an impact. There's quite a bit of capacity coming on in '19 and also in '20 and '21. So I suspect that there's going to be some headwinds on margins as we move into '20 and '21, just from the new capacity coming on globally.
When I think about how CPChem's positioned, I like their hand and how they're going to play their hand. First of all, assets in the Middle East and the U.S. Gulf Coast are going to be an advantage from a feedstock location. And today, an LPG cracker on the Gulf Coast is probably $400 to $500 a ton advantage over a naphtha cracker in Asia or in Europe. So I think that's good. 
And then as we look and kind of dissect the product portfolio, CPChem's exposure is really on the high-density polyethylene side. And so that's not going to be quite as impacted as some of the other ethylene derivatives as we look out in 2021. 
Now in terms of the FIDs for the new projects, these are 5-year projects to build. We can't call the cycle that closely. We probably don't hit an FID until late 2020 or early '21 on the first project. So we've got some time, certainly, to look at it. But I would say today that we would be on track to approve those projects and move forward with those projects just given what we see around the supply and demand balances for high-density polyethylene where CPChem sits and kind of that ranking of assets.

Yes. Okay. Well, thanks for the question, Doug. So working backwards, maybe. I think strong governance starts with the strong Board of Directors, and we have a strong Board of Directors. They're fully engaged in strategy discussions. We don't have a Board of Directors meeting at Phillips 66 where we don't talk about the strategy of the company, we don't talk about capital allocation. So those are 2 topics we cover every Board meeting.
I think that as we think about our methodology and our criteria and the 60-40, 60% reinvested back in our company, 40% returned back to shareholders and some flexibility around that given where we -- the opportunities that are in front of us to invest and where our shares are trading. But over a long period of time, that's where we want to be. I mean that is all contingent upon having opportunities and invest in that exceed our hurdle rates. And if you look at kind of 2017, '18, '19, so the last 3-year period, our return on capital employed is 13%. Our nearest Refining peers are kind of high single digits. And by the way, that's an after-tax return on capital employed. So we're always interested in returns. And if we can't find good return projects, we're simply not going to invest.
And then you think about, in 2019, returning $3.2 billion back to our shareholders through a strong, secure, growing dividend and buying our shares when they trade below intrinsic value, that's just fundamental to our capital allocation strategy. And so you'll see us continue to do that. 
To your first question around the portfolio, what differentiates us, I think there's a couple of things. One, we do have a strong diversified portfolio. We've got a good portfolio of Refining assets. We've built a strong Midstream business, $2.3 billion, $2.4 billion of EBITDA on our Midstream business now. Really, if you go back to 2012, excluding DCP, we were kind of about $450 million of EBITDA in our Midstream business. So we've built a significantly stronger Midstream business at Phillips 66. We've got a great Marketing and Specialties business. Then you add on top of that, the Chemicals business. So I like the diversification that we have across the portfolio. It creates investable opportunities for us. It's a portfolio that generates strong returns. And I would say that Phillips 66 is a great operator. We're consistently one of the safest operators in the industry. We're generally at or better than industry average on operating rates. And so we operate really well. And this organization has demonstrated the ability to execute well on these capital projects.
We went back to our Board and looked at all of our investments from 2012 through 2019, and we're right on the money in terms of what we said we're going to put the assets on the ground for. And importantly, we're right on the money in terms of what we promise to deliver in terms of the earnings from those assets, which is in my 40 years in the business, that's probably as good as it gets, Doug.

I think consistent with what we said at our Investor Day, we still see there's $1.2 billion of opportunity for us. We hope to drive 60%, 70% of that to the bottom line in terms of seeing that in EBITDA. So you'll see that in terms of margin capture. You'll see that in terms of cost reduction. You'll see that in terms of capital avoidance, but also cost avoidance across the enterprise. But more importantly, from that, changing the way of working for our people. At the end of the day, it's going to be a much better place to work. We're going to have better tools to make better decisions. We'll work smarter. We'll be more agile. We'll be more efficient. And I think that will differentiate from our peers. 
Now everyone's going to move this way, Doug, at some point in time. You either go digital or you die in this business. But I think we're out, at least, I think, in the lead position here.

Yes. There's nothing today that would -- we'd be interested in, just simply from a return criteria, Roger. I think the nice thing, we're really well positioned certainly for '20 and '21. We've got a great portfolio of projects that we're executing. Post '21, we'll see. And if we can find investable opportunities, we'll invest. We don't, we won't. 
So we're not concerned at this point in time in terms of the opportunities that we have before us. We'll continue to watch what goes on in that space. But there's really nothing out there today that we would be interested in doing in the Midstream space.

So first of all, it wasn't a feedstock sourcing concern that we had at Ferndale. It was strictly around the ability to permit the project there. And so we withdrew. When you think about what we're doing at Humber, what we're doing in San Francisco, these are existing assets that we're either repurposing or utilizing differently. And those are certainly very easy to do, easy to feedstock source, and we'll continue to look for other opportunities within our portfolio. The deal with Ryze is, essentially, we're responsible for securing the feedstock, and then we have an offtake agreement there. So think of it like a tolling arrangement. And we have no concerns there. 
So as we thought about how we're going to approach the renewable strategy for us, we wanted to use existing assets where we could do that. We wanted to partner with people that had existing technology and capabilities and then look at grassroots investments, again, in a partnership, which is where the Ferndale one really felt. That would have been circa $800 million to $1 billion investment in cooperation with REG. 
So we'll see. I think that we certainly have other places that we could build a grassroots facility, and you should expect that our strategy really hasn't changed, it just may not be at the Ferndale location.

Yes. Well, I think maybe you want to start with I think the U.S. is a world leader in technology and innovation. Our economy's the envy of the rest of the world. We're a world leader in energy production. We're a world leader in emissions reductions, including greenhouse gas emissions. And so I think that there is a path forward that would say we can develop our energy resources responsibly, sustainably. We can have a strong growing economy, and we can have a better environment. So they're not mutually exclusive at all in our way of thinking.
As we think about the opportunity set in front of us, we're investing in next-generation technologies for lower carbon economy. So things like our OPV -- organic photovoltaics, our solid oxide fuel cells. You've seen us introduce 2 loops, one for heavy-duty trucks, one for light-duty vehicles that increased the mileage by 4% to 5%. That's a direct reduction on greenhouse gas emissions. 
So I think that you'll see Phillips 66 and many companies, frankly, approach this problem from many different angles, specifically around low-carbon investments. I think it's a good thing. I think we should encourage our companies to invest in low-carbon technologies and we should send them to do that. But as we look out 2 and 3 decades, we still see that fossil fuels are going to be a majority part of the energy mix, just because you're not going to be able to get there from here with the current technologies that we see.

Well, maybe we start from the point that -- I mean all those Midstream assets are qualifying income, and they could certainly go to the MLP. We've resisted and will continue to resist specific information about timing of drops when those drops could occur. I think we've spoken publicly about our interest in growing our Midstream business at PSXP. It's an efficient way for us to do that given where PSXP trades and the yields that it generates, and then you think about the uplift in some of the parts. We're still incented to grow PSXP as fast as we can. And so our view is that you grow it efficiently, but it's got to pay its own way, too. Equity markets are closed. We -- in our view, beyond some drips and drabs around the ATM program. But generally, great balance sheet at PSXP, executing an $800 million plus capital program this year at PSXP.
So at some point in the future, you should expect these assets should logically end up at PSXP. And -- but the timing, we just don't go through that, Doug.

We've got $800 million to $900 million of EBITDA at -- still at PSX and growing this, of course, as we're bringing on these new projects, too.

That's right.

Paul, I was just going to say, petrochemical, same thing, right? I think we're concerned and we'll continue to watch petrochemicals. Right now, pricing is kind of moving up a little bit in Asia. When you look at petrochemical inventories, they're at 5-year low. And so we'll just have to see and watch this. But I agree with Jeff, it's just almost too early to make a call on this, but it certainly has our attention, and we're watching it closely.

Yes.

I think our view is that probably Asia and Europe are probably under the most pressure today, and you would expect there could be some cuts there. Also, you're starting to see some price movement in Asia, though. So that's -- I think that's a sign that people need to do something about the margin environment they find themselves in.
And then I would just say, tariffs are still kind of an overhang, particularly to China. And so we'll see where all that plays out. But yes, I think it's a pretty tough margin environment out there right now.