Okay. Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. 
Our diversified integrated portfolio, strong balance sheet and disciplined capital allocation enable us to navigate through this challenging market environment. In the third quarter, we delivered improved results in our Midstream, Chemicals and Marketing businesses. We had an adjusted loss of $1 million or $0.01 per share and generated $795 million of operating cash flow, excluding working capital. 
We're proud of our employees and how they continue to step up to the challenges of 2020, including the pandemic, the West Coast fires, Gulf Coast hurricanes. Most recently, our people responded to the storms by helping their families, their neighbors and safeguarding our assets. Through our employees' commitment to operating excellence, our facilities were secured and sustain minimal damage. Our company has provided $7 million in assistance to our employees and contributions to communities across the Gulf Coast to help those affected by the storms.  
Our employees continue to execute our strategy with an unwavering focus on operating excellence in what has been a very uncertain and challenging environment. Our year-to-date safety results are exceeding last year's industry-leading performance despite the current challenges. Every day, we strive toward a zero incident, zero accident workplace and to keep our people healthy and safe.  
In the third quarter, we returned $393 million to our shareholders through dividends. We remain committed to a secure, competitive and growing dividend. Since we formed the company, we returned over $27 billion to shareholders through dividends, share repurchases and exchanges.  
In the near term, our focus is on ensuring the financial and operational strength of our company and overcoming this period of market weakness. We expect to exceed the $500 million in cost reductions and the $700 million in consolidated capital spending reductions announced earlier this year.  
We will continue to maintain disciplined capital allocation with a focus on long-term value creation for our shareholders. We're executing our growth strategy and achieved a major milestone with the completion of the Sweeny Hub Phase 2 expansion. We completed the 2 new 150,000 barrel a day fractionators at the Sweeny Hub, bringing the site's total fractionation capacity to 400,000 barrels per day. Frac 2 reached full rates in September, and Frac 3 started operations in October. Both fractionators have operated at rates exceeding design capacity. The fractionators are supported by long-term customer commitments.
Phillips 66 Partners continued construction on the C2G pipeline, connecting its Clemens Storage Caverns to petrochemical facilities in the Corpus Christi area. The project is backed by long-term commitments and is expected to be completed in mid-2021.  
At the South Texas Gateway Terminal, the first stock and 5.1 million barrels of storage capacity have been commissioned. Terminal operations are expected to ramp up through the end of this year as additional phases of construction are finished. We expect the project to be completed in the first quarter of 2021 with a total storage capacity of 8.6 million barrels and up to 800,000 barrels per day of export capacity. Phillips 66 partners owns 25% interest in the terminal.  
As we wrap up our major projects in execution this year, we expect that total capital spending for 2021 will be $2 billion or less. We look forward to sharing the details of our 2021 capital program with you in December, plying the approval of our Board.  
Phillips 66 recognizes the climate challenge and is making investments to competitively position the company for a more carbon future. Recently, we announced plans to reconfigure our San Francisco Refinery in Rodeo, California, into the world's largest renewable fuels facility to meet the growing demand for renewable energy. The plant will no longer produce fuels from crude oil, but instead, will have the flexibility to run used cooking oil, fats, greases and other feedstocks. Upon completion in early 2024, the facility will have over 50,000 barrels per day or 800 million gallons per year of renewable fuel production capacity.  
This capital-efficient investment is expected to deliver strong returns. The conversion is expected to reduce the plant's greenhouse gas emissions by 50% and help California meet its low carbon objectives.  
Earlier this month, CPChem announced its first commercial scale production of polyethylene from recycled mixed waste plastics. This development is an important milestone, further demonstrating CPChem's commitment to proactively help the world find sustainable solutions, including elimination of plastics waste in the environment.  
We have a dual challenge of providing affordable, abundant, reliable energy to the world and also addressing the global climate challenge. Our company is committed to both, while continuing to deliver shareholder returns.  
So with that, I'll turn the call over to Kevin to review the financials.

Let me take the first part and Kevin take the second. I think -- I mean, Neil, first of all, one of the things I've learned is you never say never, right, in this business. But all the actions that we've taken to date, cutting our costs, cutting our CapEx, increasing our liquidity have been around defending the dividend. 
And as you look at Q3, essentially, we covered our CapEx and our dividend through cash. Certainly, we feel comfortable as we -- if things don't get any better and we stay kind of where we're at, then we feel really comfortable that our first dollar is going to go stay in capital at $1 billion, our second dollar is going to go to the dividend, $1.6 billion that we can cover sustaining CapEx and our dividend from our cash. 
I think that's one of the great strengths of the PSX portfolio and the diversified nature of our portfolio. So I'll let Kevin talk a little bit about the balance sheet and expectations there.

Thanks, Neil. Yes, we're very happy with the marketing earnings in Q3. Versus Q2, we were up 40% on margins in the U.S. and 16% on volume. Overseas, we were up 23% on margins and volumes as well. I think a number of things. If you look at Q2, underlying commodity flat price came off hard in April, and it was up May and June. And as you know, flat price is inversely correlated to marketing margins. So that helped our margins a good bit. Also, the volumes, of course, were up in Q3 versus Q2 when COVID was more fierce during the Q2 time period.  
Currently, we're seeing gasoline off about 10% in the U.S. And when we talked to our large truck stop customers, they say that, until recently, diesel demand was back up to pre-COVID levels, but they've started to see it come off a bit, 3%, 4% type levels. Overseas, we were back up to 100% of demand pre-COVID levels. Currently, with lockdowns tightening just a bit, we're seeing those levels come off just a few percentage points, but kind of happy with where we've gotten to from the lows in early Q2.

Okay. Tim, I'll let you take that.

I think the average term across our portfolio is probably 8-ish years. And so we've got some time to ride through this. I do agree that the next 1- to 3-year period, there's going to be fewer investable opportunities in midstream, and it's going to become more of a run well and optimized business for many people. I think you'll see some consolidation of midstream over the next couple of years. And so I think that the model going forward the next couple of years is it's going to be a little bit different than the model we've executed the last 5 years.  
And the other thing I would say is somewhere around 80% probably across the portfolio is under MDCs. And so we think we're really set up well to ride through this next couple of years of our Midstream business and still deliver great performance in our midstream business.

Well, I think that -- I mean, first of all, I think that the upstream and the pace of drilling upstream will determine the pace of opportunities in midstream for any future growth. So we talked about that a lot, and so we'll see. I suspect we're in a period of stronger capital discipline from the upstream players in a mode of returning more capital to shareholders, which will, by definition, probably slow the growth of upstream. And conversely, that will limit the investable opportunities in midstream. So we recognize that. We're supportive of that. We think that's the right thing for the energy space long term in our country. 
For PSXP, it still highlights the value of our midstream business, and we like that. I think that it's a model that we'll continue to move forward. We evaluate alternative scenarios for PSXP, just like we do for any other asset in our portfolio as we move forward. But at this point in time, we still like the MLP structure. I think we would all acknowledge that the life cycle of an MLP has probably been shortened versus what it was maybe 5 years ago or 6 years ago. 
Kevin, I don't know -- or Tim, if you want to add anything to that?

I think -- well, for PSXP, certainly, I would say we're not happy with where the units are trading, and we look at that 15% yield and scratch your head a little bit, Doug. But I also think that PSXP has that DAPL overhang. And I think that if you look at where the units are trading today, I think most people are priced in a complete shutdown of DAPL. And so we're not there. But that's in the hands of someone else and a Judge that, hopefully, I guess, year-end or early next year, we'll get a determination on that. 
So I don't know, Tim or Jeff, you want to add anything to that. But the overhang is what we're looking at right now.

Well, first of all, for clarity, none of us want to answer that question. So I guess this falls to me to answer it. So I think in a DDD scenario, there's no question that from a regulatory standpoint, it's going to be a tougher environment for all kinds of infrastructure. But energy, in particular, our base case view is probably going to look something more like we saw 8 years under the Obama, Biden administration than what we've seen for the last 4 years. 
I do think that infrastructure is going to be harder to permit. I think pipelines in particular will be harder to permit. So you can make a case that the existing pipes probably worth more in the ground under that kind of scenario. I think without question, corporate taxes are going to go up in that scenario, which, by the way, should help the MLP structure just in terms of relative cost of capital versus a C-corp. So we're looking at that. 
And then we'll see where we end up on climate and climate solutions. But I think that the odds are probably higher that you have some sort of cost of carbon that emerges with time in a DDD scenario versus the status quo. 
So that's kind of how we're thinking about it holistically and kind of the impacts to our business. Jeff, I don't know if you want to add anything?

Paul, I'm sorry, I missed the first part of that question.

So I'll take a stab at that, Paul. I mean first of all, there's aspirational goals out there. And there's probably reality and what can actually be accomplished during that time frame. And so I think our view is that fossil fuels on both in transportation and, like, power generation are going to be around for quite a long time, multiple decades. That doesn't mean there's not more that we can do in terms of energy transition. 
Obviously, for us, the things that are nearest to us like renewable diesel, those kind of opportunities where you see us starting to move in those areas. By the way, including in Rodeo, we're looking at carbon capture, we're looking at solar in conjunction with that project. So I think you'll see us move in those areas. 
We're starting to add hydrogen fueling stations in Europe with our partner, Coop in Switzerland. We're part of the Gigastack consortium in the United Kingdom, which is essentially green hydrogen. We have offshore wind [ trellises ] producing hydrogen to be consumed in the industrial base in the Humber side area. And so I think we continue to study and look at that. 
We think hydrogen is really multiple decades away from -- a big step forward in terms of transportation fuel. A lot of it, it's technology, it's cost. The green hydrogen is probably 5 to 7x more than the steam reforming of methane. And so I think that there's some opportunities there. 
We continue to work our battery technology. We're working on next-generation batteries in our research and development, solid oxide fuel cell development also in our research and development areas. And so we've got quite a bit going on in terms of energy transition within the portfolio. 
But the nearest easiest steps for us to take are really to move towards lower carbon intensity fuels like the projects at Rodeo, like Rise. Also, we're -- Humber, we're making about 1,000 barrels a day of renewable diesel, going about 4,000 to 5,000 barrels a day here shortly. We've got a project -- San Francisco actually comes on, I think, first quarter next year?
Yes. Why don't you talk about that? What we've got going on?

Okay. I'll let Tim answer that.

Yes, I think so. You're correct. It is always difficult to permit anything in California. And it is a very rote process at the end of the day, and there are many steps that we have to go through. The biggest permit that we have to get is a land use permit in Contra Costa County, and that will require an environmental impact statement and go through all that work. We took a very different approach as a company on this particular project in that we made sort of full-court press with many stakeholders in the state of California the day before we announced. So we had multiple conversations in Sacramento, everywhere from Governor Newsom's office, to CalEPA, to CARB, to local legislators, to the local Contra Costa County Board of Supervisors. And I would say that we were met with great enthusiasm for this property across the board from those that are going to be responsible at the end of the day for actually permitting it. 
And in the meantime, the permit is in. It's been deemed complete by Contra Costa county, which really starts the process for them. So they will hire independent third party to do the environmental assessment of that, and that is all beginning. 
So we're there and ready to help support them through that. We haven't seen, really, any opposition at this point to the project. And I think as people are understanding more and more the benefits of us doing this project, as we mentioned, the environmental benefits and NOCs, SOCs and greenhouse gas reductions we think the permitting process will flow through on it's kind of normal time line and look forward to getting that permit in early 2022.

So yes, I'll take a stab, and then Bob can help me because he's pretty active in this area. But I think these are aspirational goals. And I think that -- I think the sign post we're going to watch for is when billions, if not trillions of dollars start flowing in infrastructure investments around distribution, power generation, et cetera, that you could truly electrify the fleets. So I'm probably more bullish on low carbon fuel standard as we think about it moving from California, to Oregon, to Washington state, to maybe to the East Coast. 
And so I think the more near term, easier things to do in terms of renewables that can lower carbon intensity. Those make sense that you can earn good returns doing those projects. And I think the electrification is going to take a long time to get there.

Yes. I think shorter term, we still got a little bit of inventory overhang we've got to work through. I mean, directionally, inventories have been moving the right way, so we feel relatively good about that. But I think that we won't clean it up in 4Q. We may get a shot at it in 1Q. But certainly, we think as we approach the summer driving season in 2Q that we'll have an opportunity to see margins more normalized end for us. 
So we're talking about CPChem. Essentially, the market margin is above mid-cycle today. Our Midstream business is going to continue to perform well. Our Marketing and Specialty businesses has been a very consistent $1.4 billion, $1.6 billion kind of EBITDA business. 
So the real question mark on the PSX portfolio is, when does refining get back to mid-cycle conditions? And so we probably got a shot at doing that kind of midyear next year. 
So Jeff or Bob, do you want to add anything to that?