Thank you, Greg. I'm excited to embark on this new role, building on the talents of our team and the strength of our assets as we continue to deliver shareholder value. 
We remain focused on operating excellence and advancing our strategic initiatives. We're committed to improving our competitive position across our business segments to drive future performance in any market environment. Business transformation efforts were initiated last year, and a cross-functional team is focused on opportunities to sustainably optimize our costs and organizational structure across the enterprise.  
We're targeting a sustainable cost reduction of at least $700 million per year, which equates to about $1 per barrel. We plan to provide regular updates on our efforts over the coming year. 
In Midstream, we completed the buy-in of Phillips 66 Partners and at the Sweeny Hub, we expect Frac 4 to start up in the third quarter. The total project cost for Frac 4 is expected to be approximately $525 million. CPChem is pursuing a portfolio of high-return projects, enhancing its asset base as well as optimizing its existing operations. CPChem's total capital budget for 2022 is $1.4 billion, of which $1 billion is for growth projects with an average expected return above 20%. 
This includes growing its normal alpha olefins business with a second world-scale unit to produce 1-hexene, a critical component in high-performance polyethylene. CPChem is also expanding its propylene splitting capacity by 1 billion pounds per year with a new unit located at its Cedar Bayou facility. Both projects are expected to start up in 2023.  
CPChem continues to develop 2 world-scale petrochemical facilities on the U.S. Gulf Coast and in Ras Laffan, Qatar. A final investment decision for the U.S. Gulf Coast project is expected this year. We continue to progress Rodeo Renewed and expect to complete the final steps of the permitting process this quarter. Completion of the conversion project is expected in early 2024. Rodeo will initially have over 50,000 barrels per day of renewable fuel production capacity. In addition, the conversion will reduce emissions from the facility. The total project cost is anticipated to be approximately $850 million.
Our Emerging Energy group continues to advance opportunities in renewable fuels, batteries, carbon capture and hydrogen. In March, our Humber Refinery made its first delivery of sustainable aviation fuel in the U.K. under a supply agreement with British Airways. Also, during the quarter, we entered into an agreement with H2 Energy Europe to form a joint venture to develop up to 250 retail hydrogen refueling stations across Germany, Austria and Denmark by 2026.  
During the first quarter, we added a 2050 target to reduce Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity by 50% compared with 2019 levels. The new target builds on our 2030 target announced last year. Our targets reflect our commitment to sustainability while meeting the world's energy needs today and in the future.  
Before we review financial results, we'd like to recognize our employees' commitment to operating excellence. We're honored that our refining and chemicals businesses were recently recognized for their 2021 safety performance. The AFPM recognized 3 of our refineries, including Sweeny, Billings and Bayway. The Sweeny Refinery received the Distinguished Safety Award, which is the highest annual award the industry recognizes. In chemicals, CPChem received 2 AFPM awards for its sites in Borger and Conroe, Texas. Congratulations to all the people working at these facilities. Well done. 
Now I'll turn the call over to Kevin to review the financial results.

Thank you, Neil.

Yes, we started this initiative last year. We are looking at the entire organization. And really, it's more than just the cost reduction. That's the primary focus. But we want to focus on recurring cost reduction. We want that to be a run rate. So that $700 million number, that's what we view as kind of the bare minimum that we have line of sight on, and we are focused on transforming the organization to ensure that, that cost reduction is sustainable.  
And we've got about 800 people, employees and contractors working on that. We're looking at over 1,000 initiatives. So it's broad, it's deep. We're looking at simplifying structures, simplifying ways of working to ensure that, that number is sustainable. So there's upside to it. I don't know that we want to quantify any particular upside, but I guarantee you that we're relentlessly pursuing every opportunity across the organization.

That's correct, Neil.

Okay. I'll take a shot. I think there's 3 questions there but I'll get them all. So I think we were -- we had primarily maintenance activity in the month of March and really the back half of March as the weather warmed up in the north, we launched to get into turnaround mode. Again, primarily, in the central corridor. So we were -- we entered into that. We will have most of our turnaround activity wrapped up by mid-May. And certainly, all of our conversion units will be back online kind of middle of the month.
It really positions us well then to run very strong throughout the summer driving season, and we won't come back to any significant turnaround activity until after Labor Day.  
I think on total activity for the year, we're really looking at -- we've executed our first half plan, and for the most part, has gone really according to what we've planned. Second half, we continue to look at primarily catalyst-type change-out turnarounds. And do we have a catalyst life left and we pushed some of those turnarounds into next year. And we've got some opportunity there, I think, in the back half of the year to squeak some of those out into next spring or maybe even next fall. So we are constantly trying to re-optimize around all that.
The other thing I would say about the Central Corridor results is we had a pretty good headwind in the Central Corridor with our lagged Canadian crude buying program. So that was a significant impact on a timing basis to what we saw as the results in the Central Corridor and it all basically lands there for us in our system. 
So that's a timing issue. It has a lot to do with how quickly the crude ran up, particularly in the back couple of weeks of the quarter. We'll get that back over time as crude prices come off as they seem to always do and then we'll see it come back.

Yes. I think that, Doug, the relative investment case really revolves around a couple of different things. First of all, we want to make sure that we take care of our refineries, that we operate them well. They're going to -- you've referenced the North American golden age. We want to make sure that we are able to be a full participant in that. 
But then as we generate cash, what do we do with that? I think there's a number of things we want to do around Refining to position our refineries for the long term, so to drive them more towards the refinery of the future, maybe producing more petrochemicals.  
We will continue to look for growth opportunities through CPChem. They've got 2 mega projects teed up, but they've got several midsized projects and then they've got a lot of debottlenecks that build on their advantage. So they've got good, high-return opportunities to drive down the refining side of things. And then we continue to look for where we're going to play in emerging energies. And we see some real opportunities to leverage our existing assets and to leverage our technologies to create sustainable value in Emerging Energy.  
So think about it as -- and then there's Midstream that we've got opportunities in Midstream to both optimize our Midstream asset base as well as drive some consolidation there. So we've got that leg as well. So we'll continue to drive down those segments, each a little unique, but each delivering value in its own way.

Yes, they are big indeed. Thanks, Brian (sic) [ Roger ].

Roger, this is going to build on what we did around AdvantEdge66. There were a lot of things done there, a lot of value capture and some things were moved out into the future, some things were captured in a one-off fashion. A lot of digital innovation was introduced, and we're going to leverage those innovations to simplify what we do to drive efficiencies in the organization. So this is additive to that.

Well, this -- yes, it's building on that. It's probably getting more into the organization structure as well and how we can capture efficiencies and transform how we drive our business. We're not going to change what we do but how we do it. I think we'll become more efficient. So I think it does build on it and is additive to that.

Yes. Thanks, Ryan. I think that your closing comment really touched on it. Since the last call, with crude moving up and ethane to a crude advantage becoming enhanced, that's driven margins wider for CPChem and the entire industry. And we're well positioned to take advantage of ethane both here in the U.S. and in the Middle East. 
So that's there, and I think that, that's going to persist. You're going to see the ethane extraction value driven to a point to attract more ethane out as more consumption comes online. That consumption is going to provide a headwind in new capacity as we go into seasonally stronger margins. So you kind of see those 2 things balancing off each other, so we see kind of a status quo in those margins going forward into the next quarter.

Thank you.

As far as other opportunities, we are doing things at our Humber Refinery today. The rules are a little different in the U.K. than they are in the U.S. so they can co-process renewable feedstocks through their facility, and they're producing sustainable aviation fuel today that they're supplying to British Airways. And so there are British Airways planes flying today using sustainable aviation fuel from Humber. 
We can also -- if the economics drive it, we can produce sustainable aviation fuel at Rodeo when we have the facility fully on stream. And so it's going to be, what are the economic drivers? We're looking at other opportunities, other technical routes to sustainable aviation fuel. They're still under development. But ultimately, we think that sustainable aviation fuel has legs. It's difficult to fly planes with things other than hydrocarbons. And we've had a number of airlines, a number of jet manufacturers approach us hoping to look for solutions for their future. So we see both renewable diesel and sustainable aviation fuel as great opportunities.

Yes. I think that in that universe, there's -- the contractual commitments are a little bit fuzzier than you might be used to in other environments. So I don't know that there's -- that they're seeing any margin capture do that. CPChem's margins contracted substantially less than the IHS marker. And I think that, that has to do with product mix more than anything. The high-density business that is their primary driver. It came up a little slower than the marker and now it's coming off slower than the marker. And so it's really driven by that and perhaps some discipline in how they're managing the business. But I don't know that there's a great driver in their contractual position that you can attribute that to.

That is in addition to the alliance shutdown.

CPChem really is technically a producer of hydrogen out of the large steam crackers. They've got relationships often that allow them to monetize that. It has to be cleaned up, but -- or some of it is consumed as fuel in the facility. So there probably is an opportunity for CPChem to grow that presence as they grow their cracking capabilities.

So I'll take a stab and then Brian can come out. So I mean, we had the luxury of a diversified portfolio. We've had the opportunity to be bullish about other parts of our business. And for the most part, I think we're probably right on those calls. And when you think about -- we started at '12 with $450 million of EBITDA at Midstream and we're $2.2 billion, $2.3 billion today. So really kind of the strategy of growing a more highly valued business in terms of multiple, some of the, et cetera.
I would tell you though that as we're coming into this year on the Refining business, we're probably as constructive on Refining. So we've been in a long time. I think that's a combination of the capacity that we've seen shut down over the last 24 months, the capacity newbuilds has either been delayed or slowed down that's coming on where we see global inventories today and where we see global demand. So I think that whole combination together really puts us in what I think is going to be a mid-cycle or a better environment for Refining for the next 12, 24 months' time. And Brian, you can comment on what we're seeing in real time.

Paul, on the energy transition impact on the Midstream assets, we've got a diversity of pipelines in our Midstream business. And you go from the NGL side, which we think has got tremendous upside potential for the long term, primarily delivering to petrochemical facilities and exports, things like propane and butane as well. And so we see a very, very long horizon for those pipes. 
The crude pipes bringing crude into our refineries and then taking refined clean products out of those refineries, those will evolve with what our refineries produce. And we believe that liquid hydrocarbons are going to be around for a long time, but we're going to look at ways to lower the carbon intensity of the products, lower the carbon intensity of the operations. There may be opportunities to repurpose those assets for other molecules that will emerge from the energy transition. So we're always looking at how we can maximize the value of our Midstream assets, repurpose them. We do that today and we'll do that in the future as well.

Thank you. I think it's a great question. CPChem's got a long history of executing mega projects and have really never tried to time them to any particular market conditions. They focus on the fundamentals. The long-term growth in ethylene demand, the long-term growth in polyethylene demand, both at a multiple of GDP as we go forward. And so that's what drives the opportunities. And then we think about that growth, we put those assets where we can access low-cost feedstocks. 
And today and for the foreseeable future, we see that as ethane. That's why you see us doing something in the U.S. around our U.S. Gulf Coast 2 project. That's why you see us looking at another project in Qatar, to take advantage of large baseload infrastructure and advantaged feedstocks that we can tap into. And I think that's what delivers the long-term value, staying focused on those fundamentals and not getting caught up in any short-term dislocations and then having an outstanding ability to take those products into the marketplace and capture value consistently around the planet.