Thanks, Jeff. It's great to be here with you today as President and CEO. As I shared with our employees, it's an honor and a privilege to be taking on this role. And I'm happy to be a part of the strong leadership team and humbled by the opportunity to lead such a great company. I'd also like to introduce Rich Harbison, our new Senior Vice President of Refining. Rich has over 30 years of experience in a variety of leadership roles across our refining, pipeline and terminal organizations. Most recently, he was Vice President of the San Francisco Refinery, where he oversaw the Rodeo Renewed project. 
Our second quarter results reflect the strong market environment driven by a tight global supply and demand balance. We're focused on reliably providing critical energy products, including transportation fuels to meet demand. We've maintained strong operations in successfully completing our spring turnaround activities early in the second quarter. Even with global refineries running near max capacities, gasoline and distillate inventories remain low, supporting elevated refining margins. 
In the second quarter, we had adjusted earnings of $3.3 billion or $6.77 per share. We generated $1.8 billion in operating cash flow. Excluding working capital, operating cash flow was $3.6 billion. We returned $533 million to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We resumed our share repurchase program in the second quarter and remain committed to a secure, competitive and growing dividend. In May, we raised our dividend 5% to $0.97 per share. We've increased the dividend 11x since our inception in 2012, resulting in an 18% compound annual growth rate.  
Our strategy remains consistent, supported by a strong foundation of operating excellence and a high-performing organization. We're focused on strategic return-enhancing growth investments in Midstream, Chemicals and Emerging Energy while selectively investing to increase returns in Refining and Marketing and Specialties. We continue to target a long-term capital allocation framework of 60% reinvestment in the business and 40% cash returned to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases.  
We've been successful in reducing pandemic debt, including paying down $1.5 billion of debt during the second quarter. In addition, we believe higher cash levels are prudent, given the current uncertain economic environment. We're executing an enterprise-wide business transformation to achieve sustained annual cost savings of at least $700 million. David Erfert, Senior Vice President and Chief Transformation Officer, has been leading the effort across our organization with engagement from over 1,000 employees. Initiatives are being implemented to position us for the future and ensure we remain competitive in any economic scenario. We look forward to sharing more details on our business transformation at our Investor Day in November. 
During the quarter, we continued to focus on operating excellence and advancing our strategic initiatives. In Midstream, at the Sweeny Hub, we expect Frac 4 to start up late this quarter. The total project cost for Frac 4 is expected to be approximately $525 million. CPChem is pursuing a portfolio of high-return projects, enhancing its asset base as well as optimizing its existing operations. CPChem's total capital budget for 2022 is $1.4 billion, of which $1 billion is for growth projects with average expected returns above 20%. This includes growing its normal alpha olefins business with a second world-scale unit to produce 1-hexene, a critical component of high-performance polyethylene. Construction is underway on the 586 million pounds per year unit located in Old Ocean, Texas.  
CPChem is also building a new propylene splitter at its Cedar Bayou facility, which will expand its capacity by 1 billion pounds per year. Both the 1-hexene and propylene splitter projects are expected to start up in the second half of 2023. Recently, CPChem announced plans to double its polyalphaolefins capacity in Belgium to approximately 265 million pounds per year, with start-up expected in 2024.  
CPChem continues to develop 2 world-scale petrochemical facilities on the U.S. Gulf Coast and in Ras Laffan, Qatar. A final investment decision for the U.S. Gulf Coast project is expected this year.  
In Refining, we made a final investment decision to move forward with our Rodeo Renewed project to convert our San Francisco refinery into one of the world's largest renewable fuels facilities. The project is expected to cost approximately $850 million and begin commercial operations in the first quarter of 2024. Upon completion, Rodeo will have over 50,000 barrels per day of renewable fuels production capacity. In addition, the conversion is projected to reduce life cycle carbon emissions by approximately 65% or the equivalent of permanently removing 1.4 million cars from California roads.  
In July, we formed JET H2 Energy Austria, a 50-50 joint venture with H2 Energy Europe to develop up to 250 retail hydrogen refueling stations across Germany, Austria and Denmark by 2026. Recently, we published our 2022 Sustainability Report, providing a comprehensive look at our actions to both prepare Phillips 66 to thrive in the energy future and deliver on our commitment to being one of the industry's best operators. The report includes a detailed analysis of the company's climate-related risks and opportunities as well as performance data on various environmental, social and governance matters.  
Before we review the financial results, we'd like to recognize our employees' commitment to operating excellence. We're honored that our Midstream business was awarded the American Petroleum Institute's Distinguished Pipeline Safety Award for large operators for the second consecutive year. In addition, Midstream received the Platinum Safety Award in the large company division from the International Liquid Terminals Association. Congratulations to all the people working at these facilities. Well done. Now I'll turn the call over to Kevin to review the financial results.

Thank you, Neil. And it's a great question and I appreciate that. There's a number of dimensions that we're looking at that. You mentioned our business transformation. At a high level, we've mentioned that we're targeting over $700 million in expense reduction, and we're quite confident in that number. There's probably a little upside there, but we're transitioning from analyzing what we can do identifying what we can do to executing. So we're launching into execution as we speak. 
When you think about Refining, cost is a big piece of what we're doing in Refining and it's a big piece of that whole $700 million. We're looking at things like standardizing across our Refining fleet, how we do things. We're looking at centralizing many of the support functions for our refineries all the way out to looking at how we do maintenance, how we operate and optimize using digital, things that we've implemented to do better maintenance at a lower cost to optimize more aggressively, to identify opportunities quicker.  
And when you think about the margin capture, it really boils down to utilization, yield, reliability, things like that. And we've got things in flight to address reliability, things to enhance the yields of what we produce and certainly maximize our ability to utilize those assets. All of that -- some of that was in flight before business transformation hit, but all of that will come through in business transformation.  
And beyond the cost element, we're really pushing the organization from the bottom up to identify opportunities. The folks out on the frontline have a big role in identifying the things that they think are inefficient in what we do and how we can capture those efficiencies and change the way we work. And when you layer on that the digital things we're putting in place from WiFi in our facilities to different kinds of sensors on our pumps and different processing equipment so we can better monitor them in real-time, it's all going to add up to better utilization, pushing that operating envelope even further. And that will enhance our reliability and our yields as we go forward. So there's a number of dimensions that we're pressing on, Neil, and we think they'll all contribute to much stronger competitive performance in our Refining sector.

Yes, Neil, we're in alignment in that. We think the fundamentals are strong for our kit going forward and we need to operate very well. We will see some turnarounds come back into the picture later in the year, later in the quarter, but we see an opportunity to run strong. Our assets are in really good shape. And the crude diffs are certainly moving in our favor, and our ability to outperform on distillates versus gasoline will be strong. If you look at the fundamentals around the cost curve between the U.S. and Europe, if you look at the fundamentals around where inventories are, we just can't build any inventory with prompt demand where it is. We're bullish on that outlook as well.

Thanks, Doug.

You broke up a little bit, Doug. I think the first part of the question was about our view on capacity additions. I'm going to have Jeff address that. And then we may have you repeat the second half because you broke up a little bit.

Yes. I think at a high level, we're happy with Humber's performance. They're doing a number of things really well. They're profitable. I think Rich can provide a little more color on our competitive position there.

Generally, for most refiners, we think in somewhere in the $10 to $12 range, we're advantaged versus those refiners. Rich pointed out Humber and where that stands versus other refiners in the market.

So I think the question is, Roger, are there specific suppliers, specific manufacturers in Europe that we might have exposure to that could be disrupted as they cut back on natural gas and their ability to manufacture. Is that the question?

Rich, do you have a perspective on that?

Yes. I don't think we have any single points of failure in securing any equipment that we might need to keep our operations going.

Yes, Ryan, I'll cover the macro then Tim Roberts, he sits on the CPChem Board of Directors, and they'll be looking at those FID opportunities. I'll ask him to provide color on the megaprojects. But from a macro perspective, CPChem is seeing, frankly, really strong demand for most of their products, in particularly polyethylene. The challenge in the polyethylene chain is with what's going on in the energy sector, their feedstock costs have gone up. 
And in spite of pretty significant increases in demand, there's more capacity -- new capacity coming on in North America and they continue to face export challenges. So North America demand has been strong. European demand has been very strong. And you see European producers doing quite well because North America is kind of bottled up on logistics getting into Europe to take advantage of that. So you're seeing that captured by European producers, by Middle East producers. 
Asia is still slow. If Asia comes back, that will add some upside to things in a number of dimensions. So if you look at their Specialty Chemicals business, their Performance Pipe business, they're having kind of record years. And even their Styrenics business, their exposure there, I think, is benefiting from relative lower abundant naphtha, abundant benzene driving better values in some of their aromatics products. So they're seeing pretty robust demand across the board for now. So with that, Tim, do you want to pick up on the major projects?

Yes. Both those projects will be -- will scale. If you think about Gulf Coast One, it was 1.5 million tons plus derivatives. These will be 2 million tons plus derivatives, and they're going to both leverage off of considerable advantaged infrastructure on the Gulf Coast and, of course, in Ras Laffan in Qatar. So they've got a substantial capital advantage, which lowers their exposure to any inflationary pressure. 
And they've done, as Tim referenced, things to mitigate that inflationary pressure. CPChem, along with Qatar Energies and the owners of CPChem, have a very diligent, deliberate process to go through to ensure that we're mitigating those risks and positioning to take advantage in the best way, what the market -- the long-term market fundamentals will offer them. And both those projects will be off-balance sheet project financed. Kevin, you've got a perspective there. Why don't you talk about that?

Yes, Manav, that's a great question. We've got 4 pillars in that business that we're trying to establish ourselves. Of course, the nearest and the most actionable is around renewable diesel, sustainable aviation fuel, converting assets that we have to produce things that are very, very close to us. We -- the longer-term things around batteries and carbon capture and hydrogen, you'll see us making more modest investments to learn how to take on those things. 
Across the whole spectrum of these things, we're going to take a very disciplined approach around capital investment. We've got good line of sight on Rodeo. It's a high-return project. It's going to be the lowest capital cost per gallon of any renewable diesel facility that we're aware of. We really like that project. It's in the right marketplace. It's got the right logistics and feedstock access. 
As you look further out in time, you look at the NOVONIX investment, it was a modest investment. We won't invest in a big way in assets in -- to chase batteries or to chase hydrogen until we see line of sight on good returns, returns that our investors will be happy with. But we do have to take steps now to understand how you can create value in those value chains. 
Where is the right position for us to establish a competitive advantage and bring the right products, the right energies to the market that needs them? So we are not averse to doing inorganic things if it makes sense. And as we've demonstrated, we've entered into joint ventures to help explore these opportunities, or we'll go out organically on our own in areas that are very close to our wheelhouse that we believe we can establish and capture advantage and capture real value in.

Yes. I think as we look at the businesses we're in, there's good integration across these businesses even as we add the Emerging Energy opportunities. If you think about needle coke going into batteries, you think about our ability to produce and market and capture the full value chain around things like renewable diesel and sustainable aviation fuel, the Midstream assets that are integrated, in many respects, into CPChem and our ability to see through there, I think that, that -- we're pretty comfortable with the integration opportunities there. 
There's always individual assets that we look at that may be able to create more value for someone else and we take a critical view at that consistently on our portfolio, if there's opportunities to do things around individual assets. We're always in optimization mode. But I think at a macro level, I think we like the businesses that we're in.

Yes. I think as far as this year, you're right, this year has been a catch-up year. We caught up on a lot of turnaround activity that was deferred out of the heavy COVID season because it was too risky. And we were able to save some cash outlays during volatile times. So I think you'll see the turnaround activity much lower and more typical year in 2023.

Thank you, Paul.

Sure. I'll let Rich take his up and then I'll follow up.

Yes. As far as the portfolio and investments, I think that we always plan and have a strategy around investing where we can create the most value. I don't think we're talking about exiting Refining. I think that we see a long-term future in Refining, but we've got to make sure that we've got the right Refining assets to deliver what the market needs in the right locations. And I think that we've done a nice job of selectively investing in retail joint ventures that have helped capture the kinds of opportunities that you saw in the second quarter. 
Midstream certainly as the Permian, West Texas basins came on strong. There were opportunities to put Midstream assets in to capitalize on that as the growth in production there slowed down, as consolidation occurred in upstream players, that changes that landscape. But we certainly continue to look for the right opportunities to create value around our Midstream assets, whether it's participating in consolidation or finding some pieces here or there, we can invest in that's different. 
There's continued strong fundamentals, long-term fundamentals in petrochemicals that we want to participate in the above GDP growth. We'll do that primarily through CPChem, but if we see opportunities where we can produce chemicals out of some of our existing Refining assets, we'll take a good look at that. 
And then again, I mentioned in the opening comments that if we can find very targeted high-return, quick payout projects in Refining to improve our yield, to improve our utilization, to enhance our ability to capture what the market has to offer us, we'll make those in a very disciplined way as well. So I think that it's -- the overarching strategy is driven by disciplined capital investments, finding the right way to capture value for the markets that are available to us. 
And then we'll be building out our Emerging Energy business, too. And we're not going to invest, though, in emerging energy opportunities just to fly an emerging energy flag. It's going to be there to create value and capture value. So that's where we're headed.