Okay. Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Our diversified business has operated well and delivered strong earnings and cash flows. Adjusted earnings were $1.3 billion or $2.80 per share. Refining had one of the -- its best quarters and ran at 100% capacity utilization, capturing strong margins. 
Our Refining system has industry-leading coking capacity, which allowed us to benefit from continued favorable heavy crude differentials. We generated $2.4 billion of cash from operations during the quarter, which is the highest since 2012. We rewarded our shareholders by returning $602 million through dividends and share repurchases, which brings our total distribution for the year to $4.4 billion. A secure, competitive and growing dividend is fundamental to our strategy. 
During the second quarter, we increased the dividend 14%, resulting in a 27% compound annual growth rate since 2012. We're executing on our long-term strategy to capture growth opportunities and enhance returns. 
Our Midstream organization is moving forward with 2 major growth projects: construction of the Gray Oak Pipeline and expansion of the Sweeny Hub. Phillips 66 Partners recently completed the expansion open season for the Gray Oak Pipeline. Gray Oak will provide crude oil transportation from the Permian and Eagle Ford to Texas Gulf Coast destinations, including our Sweeny refinery.
The pipeline will have an initial capacity of 800,000 barrels per day based upon shipper commitments of 700,000 barrels per day and the reservation of walk-up capacity for shippers. Gray Oak is expandable to approximately 1 million barrels per day and is expected to be in service by the end of 2019. Total cost for the project is anticipated to be approximately $2 billion.
Phillips 66 Partners will be the largest equity owner in this joint venture project. At Sweeny, we're building two 150,000 barrel per day NGL fractionators and adding 6 million barrels of storage at Phillips 66 Partners' Clements Caverns. We have agreements in place with multiple parties, including DCP Midstream, to supply the new fractionators. The hub will have 400,000 barrels a day of fractionation capacity and access to 15 million barrels of storage when the expansion is completed in late 2020.
We expect robust NGL value chain fundamentals, including continued production growth in the Permian and other shale plays. Our Sweeny Hub is strategically located on the Texas Gulf Coast. The hub includes NGL fractionation and storage capacity, with access to local petrochemicals and fuel markets and 200,000 barrels a day of LPG export capacity. Both the Freeport Export Terminal and our Sweeny fractionator continue to exceed design rates. 
At our Beaumont Terminal. We recently placed 1.3 million barrels of fully contracted crude storage into service, bringing the terminal's total crude and product storage capacity to 12.4 million barrels. Additional crude oil tanks are under construction that will increase the terminal's capacity to 14.6 million barrels by the end of the year. We expect the continued growth in domestic crude production will result in higher Gulf Coast exports. And our Beaumont Terminal is well positioned to capitalize on this growth. 
DCP Midstream continues to expand its Sand Hills Pipeline to meet the demand from the growing NGL production in the Permian Basin. During the second quarter, DCP increased the pipeline's capacity to 425,000 barrels per day, with further growth to 485,000 barrels per day by the end of this year. Our new Sweeny fractionators will be supplied by Sand Hills. This pipeline is owned 2/3 by DCP and 1/3 by Phillips 66 Partners.
Also on the Permian Basin, DCP Midstream has a 25% interest in the Gulf Coast Express Pipeline project, which will transport 2 billion cubic feet per day of natural gas to Gulf Coast markets. Completion of the pipeline is anticipated in the fourth quarter of 2019. In the high-growth DJ Basin, DCP's Mewbourn 3 gas processing plant is expected to start up in the third quarter of 2018; and the O'Connor 2 plant in the second quarter of 2019.
In Chemicals. CPChem has strong operations from its new Gulf Coast Petrochemicals assets, which contributed solid earnings growth during the quarter. The ethylene cracker has demonstrated 3.5 billion pounds per year of capacity, which is 6% above original design rates. In Refining, we've approved an FCC optimization project at our Sweeny refinery that will increase production of higher-valued petrochemical products as well as higher octane gasoline. This project is anticipated to complete in mid-2020. 
We've completed FCC modernization projects at the Bayway and Wood River Refineries. At both facilities, we upgraded FCC reactor with state-of-the-art technology. The units are performing as expected and are yielding higher-value clean products. 
So with that, I'll turn the call over to Kevin to review the financials.

Well, in our case, Roger, certainly, we came out of a heavy turnaround in the first quarter. We came out -- we ran really well. And given the market opportunities available to us [indiscernible] run. I suspect that we're in a period where diffs may come in just a little bit. But then as we come back into the maintenance season in the fall, you're going to see those diffs open back up in many cases. IMO's going to be a nice tailwind, I think, for the industry as we start moving into 2019, particularly the back half of 2019. And so I think that we're pretty constructive on both the supply and demand side. We've got a strong economy going. And you think about the opportunities that come in, in '19, we're pretty constructive on that. I don't know, Jeff, if you want to add any color on IMO.

Well, just a couple of points. I think that even in our second quarter, we're probably about 3.5% due to downtime, due to unplanned downtime and turnaround activity during the quarter. So obviously, we had assets that ran well above the 100% level coming into it. The other thing I would say, we've come through 2 heavy turnaround years in '18 and '17 for us. And so we're really, I think from a portfolio standpoint, turnaround standpoint, well positioned for '19 and '20 to run well.

Yes. I think moving into the third quarter, we certainly would expect kind of run rate-type levels of performance out of that asset. If you think about the near term, so Dow was up, we're up, now ExxonMobil's coming up. And so near term, you could have some compression of margins as these volumes are starting to get absorbed in the marketplace. Offsetting that, though -- I mean, the global economy is strong. You saw the GDP number for the U.S. today. And so we've got great demand on this. And so we're still pretty constructive out over the next 3 to 4 years of good, solid demand growth. And I think that our view is that there's probably more upside than downside on the margins if you want to look out in kind of this 3- to 4-year window.

Well, I think you kind of start with the fundamentals. You still have 500,000, 600,000 barrels a day of ethane rejection. There's more coming at us, so there's going to be plenty of feedstock for the next wave, so to speak, of crackers. We're funding work on a second cracker today. I think the FID decision will -- is one we obviously haven't taken yet, Phil. But I think that probably late '19, '20 is still what we're thinking in terms of FID on the next cracker. And we frankly, like that spacing in between this project and the next project.

We'll do some more buybacks, too, Phil. It's okay.

Well, I think that we're set up to run well in terms of utilization. We don't have a lot of big turnaround in front of us coming into the third quarter from that standpoint. I think that the -- definitely, the market plays to the strengths of our portfolio. I think our commercial and supply folks did a really nice job with getting the right crews to front the refineries and then guys in the refineries did a great job of running those crews and creating value. But as I look out into the third quarter, fourth quarter, I'm still constructive on Refining kind of going forward. So whether we can repeat a $1.3 billion quarter or not, I can't forecast that for you today. But I do think that Refining is going to do well coming into the third quarter.

Well, we're putting in 30-inch pipes, so that kind of tells you that it's going to be a pretty easy flip to get to the 1 million barrels a day. So yes, I think that with a lot of interest still in the Permian in takeaway capacity, I think we're pleased with where we're at in terms of project execution. And you've got the [ still ] on order, essentially lined up the contractors. So the project's really on track, and so we're pleased with where we're at.

Well, I think we, like everyone else, kind of looks at everything that's out there. Things still look really pricey to us, particularly in the Midstream space as you think about the opportunity to create value. We have such a great organic profile in front of us that we don't feel like we need to rush out and do something in terms of the M&A space today. So we'll continue to watch it. If we can create value by doing it, we're certainly willing to do it. We've got the balance sheet and the capability to do it if the right opportunity happens to come our way.

Can I just comment on that just a little bit?

I mean, the board can decide what to do at CPChem, but the basis of the foundation agreements are is we really don't hold a lot of cash at CPChem. We tend to distribute the cash out. Obviously, we're going to hold enough cash to do the capital programs or whatever's going on at CPChem. But it's kind of a basic fundamental tenet of the joint venture, we tend to distribute the cash.

Yes, I think that, that will start to go backwards, but the export capacity is probably -- is going to get built. I think the infrastructure to clear all the products, whether it's crude, NGLs or gas, are going to get built because it just looks like to us that the production is going to grow faster than what we can consume it here in the U.S. So I think that fundamental premise that we're going to be exporting all 3 products is a good one. And we actually want to participate in that. So -- and we talked about the Buckeye but we're also, by the end of the year, we're going to have Beaumont going from 600,000 to 900,000 barrels a day. If you think about kind of our export platforms off the U.S. Gulf Coast, we probably got 10% or 12% expansion capabilities played into those over the next 2 years or so. So what -- I think we're trying to position the portfolio to get ready to export more crude and products. And then on IMO, I suspect that people -- and we're familiar with the German one you just mentioned. We shut it down.

No. We're happy with our position there, Doug, let's put it like that. But yes -- no, I think people -- I think IMO is kind of perceived as a big opportunity by people and people are going to try to play with that opportunity to the extent that they can. I think that, fundamentally, our view hasn't changed. I think over the next, say, couple of years that it's going to be a nice tailwind for the industry. I mean, we can argue about whether it's $5 or $10 on the distillate crack or what it's going to be. But I do think when you look out over a long enough time frame, we'll continue to build global refining capacity and that capacity will get directed to solve that problem. A lot of that capacity is going to go up in the Middle East and in China and India. So I just think that over time that the industry will work its way through this. And indeed, that's been the history of the industry over a long period of time, is that the big opportunities tend to get competed away over time. And so I just don't fundamentally have a different view on that today.

So I just saw that. Yes, so that certainly is a nice tailwind.

Well, I think that with all assets, we'll get better as we get a little more experience running it. We know that we have some probably low-cost cap to bottleneck in that facility, too, that I think that we'll be able to address better with you in the coming quarters. But certainly, the asset came up and ran better than our expectations. And probably -- I think probably the smoothest start-up we've seen in the last 5 of those big assets that we've started up.

Well, on the new fracs themselves, you should expect kind of typical-type Midstream returns. And so let's call it 6 to 8. And the fracs are probably to the higher end of that, the pipes are probably to the lower end of that. And so you can kind of back into it.

Yes. Yes, there's no question that a large part of the investment for frac 1 was in infrastructure, pipes to get to Belvieu and back, some of the early cabin work that we did. Today, off of frac 1, we're making, I don't know, 38,000 barrels a day of propane, and we're running the export facility at 200,000 barrels a day. And so that delta between what we're making and what we're exporting, we're actually bringing from Mont Belvieu. And so we're buying those barrels from Belvieu today and we're paying a fee to move them on the pipes. And so there are going to be synergies and uplifts by making more of the propane at the Sweeny site to be exported.

Well, hopefully, we learned something over the 5 times when we were one of those parties that started up and had troubles in the Middle East. I think our last outing was our Saudi Polymers project, and it took 8 months to get that cracker up and running from the time that we started it up and we had multiple challenges and issues. I think that we had a dedicated project team of strong ops people on this project from the very beginning, on the design all the way through to construction and start-up of the facility. I think that, that really helped. I think that as we watch the construction and we were going to the fabrication sites, we had better quality control this time. And so we just didn't see the equipment issues starting up this facility. And then the construction, while we were probably late by 6 to 7 months, and we're disappointed with that, the overall quality of this construction was very, very good.

Well, now certainly I think Bayou Bridge is an important asset for us and we're running barrels over to our Lake Charles refinery. Obviously, we get a fee for moving the barrel but on a general interest basis on, I don't know, 80,000, 90,000 barrels a day, we're probably picking up $1 a barrel or something like that for the general interest of the company, which is really a strong performance. We're anxious to get the pipe to St. James completed this year. And then we're also looking at running the pipe from St. James down to Alliance. So ultimately, we want to connect all of our Louisiana refineries with the Texas Gulf Coast. And from a general interest perspective, we think that's good. And then the other thing I would just say about the Gulf Coast, we import a lot of Canadian heavy down. We run all we can and we sell the rest. But we got Canadian heavy into Sweeny this quarter, some into Lake Charles. Obviously, Lake Charles is benefited by the Maya, LLS also. And so it's just things worked its -- worked well for us in the Gulf Coast this quarter.

Well, I think that there's no question NGL prices have moved up. I don't think they moved up as much as people expected them to at this point in the cycle, given 3 cracker start-ups, each needing about 90,000 barrels a day of ethane. So I mean, we continue to like DCP. There's no question that a higher NGL price for the barrel also benefits them. To the extent that we're pulling more ethane out of rejection in the areas where DCP contributes, that's also very, very positive towards DCP. But it doesn't fundamentally change our view on DCP. It's a good -- we like DCP. We like the asset footprint that they have in the Eagle Ford, in the Permian, on the Mid-continent, particularly in the DJ Basin. So good assets for DCP.

Yes, I -- well, first of all, I'd say if you don't like the ethylene spot price today, just hang around a little bit because it's going to change. I -- look, CPChem generally runs just slightly long on ethylene. We like to be relatively balanced and so I wouldn't be surprised to see them add or debottleneck some derivative capacity. To your question, would we build speculative derivative capacity based on someone else's long? I don't think so. And the reason is, we want to capture that value through the full chain. If you look, that value moves, right? It's not always in the derivative. Sometimes, it moves to the ethylene side. And so we like that integration and be able to participate in that full value chain.

Yes, we're bringing over 500,000 barrels a day of Canadian crude in today. So we're the largest importer of Canadian crude. We're probably running about 80% of it or so, I would guess. I don't know, Jeff, if you've got the exact number, but it's right in that range. So we're kind of maxed out on Canadian heavy today.

Look, I -- well, first of all, what a great problem to have, and but -- yes, I think our fundamental capital allocation strategy, which has served us well for 6 years, really isn't going to change. We kind of think about this 60-40, 60% of our cash available from all sources, we want to reinvest in our business to the extent that we have opportunities that we can generate acceptable returns. And then 40% we're going to give back to shareholders through a strong, secure growing dividend and share repurchases as long as long we're trading below intrinsic value on the share repurchase side. So we continue to look 3 years out, sum of the parts, historical multiples. And if that value is higher than the price of the market, we're buying. So we're buying today in the market. So I don't think that fundamental change -- that changes. Maybe would we hold a little higher cash, maybe we'd pay down a little bit more debt along the way. But fundamentally, you're not going to see us change our capital allocation strategy.

So I'll just come back, I think the portfolio is going to generate $5 billion to $6 billion of cash. We've got $1 billion of sustaining capital. We want to fund kind of another $1 billion to $2 billion of growth, so call it $2 billion to $3 billion of capital. So that takes care of that. We've got $1.5 billion dividend today, and that leaves room for another $1 billion to $2 billion of share repurchases, and they're kind of all balanced within our means. And so I think that you'll continue to see us work that. I do think there's going to be other opportunities. We'd like to do frac 4 out there in the future. There may be more pipe opportunities, more export-oriented opportunities for us as we think about 2020 and beyond. So I think we've got a good run in front of us in terms of just the opportunity set that we see around infrastructure, Midstream and of course, the petrochemicals business.