Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Phillips 66 delivered another quarter of strong operating performance and record-setting financial results for 2018. Adjusted earnings for the fourth quarter were a record $2.3 billion or $4.87 per share, and we generated $4.1 billion of operating cash flow. We rewarded our shareholders with strong distributions during the quarter, returning $864 million through dividends and share repurchases.
Refining operated at 99% capacity utilization and we -- towards heavy Canadian crude and other advantaged crudes throughout our Refining system to capture strong margins. In Midstream, we benefited from increased pipeline and terminal throughput across our integrated network. For the year, adjusted earnings were $5.6 billion or $11.71 per share. We generated $7.6 billion of operating cash flow. The record financial performance in 2018 demonstrates our Refining portfolio's ability to run well and capture market opportunities. Marketing provided pull-through of our refined products to achieve record adjusted earnings. Also contributing to our strong results were the Midstream and Chemicals growth projects, which were placed into service during the past 2 years. In 2018, we increased the quarterly dividend 14% and repurchased 10% of the shares outstanding, resulting in $6.1 billion of capital being returned to our shareholders. Since 2012, we returned $22.5 billion to shareholders through dividends, share repurchases and exchanges, reducing our initial shares outstanding by 30%. Disciplined capital allocation is a priority, and we are committed to a secure, competitive and growing dividend.
As we look to 2019, we expect to deliver another double-digit dividend increase. Through our ongoing share repurchase program, we continue to buy shares when they trade below intrinsic value as demonstrated by our fourth quarter pace of repurchases. Phillips 66 Partners achieved its 5-year 30% CAGR target. It also delivered industry-leading distribution growth since its IPO in 2013. With its scale, financial strength and project opportunities, PSXP is well positioned to fund and sustain our organic program and continue to drive EBITDA growth. We're investing in a robust portfolio of projects across our businesses with attractive returns to create shareholder value. The Gray Oak Pipeline will provide 900,000 barrels a day of crude oil transportation from the Permian and the Eagle Ford to Texas Gulf Coast destinations, including our Sweeny refinery. The project is supported by shipper commitments and is on schedule to be in service by the end of this year. Phillips 66 Partners is the operator and the largest owner. Gray Oak will connect with multiple terminals in Corpus Christi, including the South Texas Gateway Terminal, in which PSXP has a 25% ownership. The marine terminal will have 2 deepwater docks, planned storage capacity of 6.5 million to 7 million barrels and is expected to start up in mid-2020. At the Sweeny Hub, we're building 2 150,000-barrel per day NGL fractionators and adding 6 million barrels of storage at Phillips 66 Partners' Clemens Caverns. The Hub will have 400,000 barrels per day of fractionation capacity and 15 million barrels of storage when the expansion is completed in late 2020. We continue to have strong interest from customers and additional fractionation expansion projects. The growth in domestic crude production is expected to result in an increased need for Gulf Coast exports. We're making investments at our Beaumont Terminal to capitalize on this opportunity.
During the fourth quarter, we placed 1.3 million barrels of fully contracted new crude oil storage into service. This brings the terminal's total capacity to 14.6 million barrels. Construction is underway to further increase crude storage by 2.2 million barrels with completion anticipated in early 2020. DCP Midstream has a 25% interest in the Gulf Coast Express Pipeline Project that will transport approximately 2 billion cubic feet per day of natural gas from the Permian to Gulf Coast markets. Completion is expected in the fourth quarter of 2019. In the high-growth DJ Basin, DCP's O'Connor 2 plant is expected to begin operations in the second quarter of 2019. CPChem's new Gulf Coast petrochemical assets are running well and generating strong free cash flow. A second Gulf Coast project is expected to include both ethylene and derivative capacity is under development. CPChem is also evaluating additional capacity increases across multiple product lines through debottleneck opportunities.
In Refining, we continue to focus on high-return projects to improve margins. We have an FCC upgrade project underway at Sweeny refinery that will increase production of higher-value petrochemical products and higher-octane gasoline. This project is planned to be complete in the second quarter of 2020.
During the fourth quarter, we completed crude unit modifications at our Lake Charles Refinery to run additional advantaged domestic crudes. Also at Lake Charles, Phillips 66 Partners is constructing a 25,000-barrel per day isom unit to increase production of higher-octane gasoline blend components. This unit is expected to be completed in the third quarter of this year. As we move into 2019, we remain focused on operating excellence and executing our strong portfolio of growth projects. We're optimistic about the future opportunities across our businesses, and will invest in projects with attractive returns. Disciplined capital allocation is fundamental to our strategy, and we'll continue to return capital to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks.
And with that, I'll turn the call over to Kevin to review the financials.

You guys are doing a great job, Phil. So look, I think that there is no question, the market environment we find ourselves is playing to the strength of our portfolio. And it's 2 things, its distillate, right, and differentials. And so no question, in the fourth quarter the WCS differential drove a lot of the value creation. We improved our distillate yield, we're up another 1% in the fourth quarter, so 39% distillate yield. So versus our peers, we're at the high end of the range on distillate. And given our coking capacity and our ability to run heavy, it's differential. The other thing I would just say is, we've got the -- these Chemicals assets are up. They're running, they're performing well. That's going to continue to drive earnings improvement versus midcycle for us. Then you think about our Midstream business starting to kick in. We actually made more in Midstream than we made in Chemicals in 2018. So across the portfolio, the things we've been investing in are starting to show up and deliver value. And then finally, we continue to run really well. Operation excellence is key for us, we continue to emphasize that. In the quarter where we needed to run well, we ran 106% utilization on Central Corridor, we ran 100% on the Gulf Coast. And it showed up as value, so I don't know, Jeff, if you have any comments on other structural changes.

Yes, I would probably say given kind of normalized midcycle, we used to say $4 billion to $5 billion, we're kind of $6 million to $7 billion now of cash flow on a normalized basis.

Most of that guidance is centered around turnaround activity. We've pulled a few things maybe from the back half of the year into the front half of the year where we could, making sure that we can run in the back half, but that's around the margin, Phil. There wasn't a lot of work there. So it's mostly focused around our turnaround activity.

So I'll take a stab and Jeff can correct me, how about that? Look, I think that everyone is concerned about the high gasoline inventories at this point in the cycle. There's no question in the fourth quarter the market environment was encouraging you to run, given the diesel cracks that we had and gasoline cracks weren't that great. But we're heading into the spring turnaround season. There are some operational issues out there. So our assessment is we're probably a little above normal in terms of outages for this time of year. Then you get to the -- we stopped putting butane and gasoline and it comes out of the gasoline pool. That's all directionally helpful for gasoline. We're still constructive, overall demand. We think gasoline demand in North America is going to be flat for 2019. We see distillate demand up 1.2%, 1.3%, in that range. And then you add-on IMO, I know there's a debate about IMO and in that, but it's still going to be some level of tailwind. So as we look at 2019, for the year, we're still midcycle or better in terms of Refining cracks, Doug.

Go ahead, Doug.

Yes. So first of all, if you think about growing global economy, and albeit '19 is probably going to be a lower growth year than what '18 is globally.  We're still constructive demand particularly for polyethylene, which is mostly what CPChem makes, our view is demand is going to grow faster than capacity in 2019. So it should be constructive for operating rates and margins, 2019. And then you look at all the advantaged feedstocks that are still available in the U.S., Doug, and so that really says you should build into that. If you have a great position, which CPChem does, access to advantaged feedstocks, great technology, great return business. And so it's a business that we should want to invest into.

Yes, we've gone from an unsustainably wide discount for Canadian heavy to an unsustainably narrow discount, we believe.  With mandated cuts, there was substantially more volume that came off the market than what the $325 million targeted amount was. We also had some economic run rate reductions, production reductions and so we're running well below what the producing capacity is in Canada. We do expect, similar to your comments, to move to rail economics as this passes. I think a number of the Canadian producers have argued for moving away from the mandate. And so we expect the differentials to go back to kind of rail economics, WTI minus 20, something in that area.

Yes, we have shifted. Given the economics in the marketplace, they've really driven a move towards maxing diesel, and so we're there. We've been there. And so we are making about as much diesel as we can given the current economics. Similar on the light product side, we're about 50% sweet and 50% sour. That's about 1 million barrels a day or so of sweet crude. There's a potential to go maybe another 100,000 barrels a day. It's obviously dependent on economics. We'd need the economic incentive to do that, but that's what our upside potential is there.

So I would start with, we're just not going to build speculative capacity, Roger. I think that the Midstream projects we have in the queue are subscribed with P&D and long-term contracts. These are 7-year and 10-year contracts with good counter parties on the other side. So I think that's a starting point. I think you're right to the extent that it drove itself down in North America, some of these additional investments will slow down. So to the extent we can't get these things subscribed, we're not going to build them, is probably the starting point on that.  Gray Oak, fully subscribed. Frac 2,3 fully subscribed. But it's interesting, we're still seeing good interest and additional frac capacity. We're out in open seasons in Red Oak and Liberty. And I would say interest level is good on those.  We'll see -- well, I don't know exactly where we'll end up yet, when people want to sign. We just completed successful open season on DAPL, now going to $570 million. So we're still seeing good interest level out there from the producers and investing in or having infrastructure to clear from the production centers to the market centers. Jeff, you want to comment?

Yes, so we have a couple in China, 1 in the Middle East coming on in 2019. The transparency into China is probably a little harder for us. Our view is, is those 2 refineries are probably more petrochemical feedstock oriented and less gasoline oriented. So and we think that they are probably towards the back half of 2019. So yes, there's capacity that's going to come on this year, but I'm not sure it's going to be as big an impact particularly through the first half of the year, as what some people think. Jeff, you want to comment?

Yes, absolutely, thanks, Paul. I will -- first of all, we're still constructive petrochemical demand coming into 2019, still driven by hundreds of millions, if not billions of people, ultimately coming into the middle class over the next decade or so. So I think the fundamentals are set up well there. China, I mean it's interesting, when you see crude prices fall as drastically as they did in the fourth quarter, they always slow down, because they know that petrochemical prices are going to follow those down and they'll wait to try to time the bottom and start buying again. So we did probably see some slowdown activity in the fourth quarter around China, but as we look into China -- through into the base demand in China, it's still pretty healthy. I'd say North American demand, European demand still relatively healthy in terms of growth, and so I think that's been the surprise to the upside in the Chemicals environment, so still constructive. Another thing I would say is our fundamental view on 2019 for Chemicals is that demand on Chemicals is going to grow faster than capacity additions. And the other thing is, we may see some slippage on these other projects that are slated to come up in 2019.

Yes, on your first question, when you look at WCS, TI kind of year-over-year '17 versus '18, it's about $13. And $1 is about $100 million, so on an EBITDA basis, it's $1.3 billion for us, Paul.

I think we'll guide to the range of $1 billion to $2 billion.

It's interesting, it looks like to us that -- we've pulled inventories, which was the whole idea of the government intervention. And we've over-shopped on the differential, and it looks like to us inventories are starting to build again in Canada. So I think we will get back to the point where we have a differential, at least to clear by rail. And -- so you think about of fully loaded rail cost kind of $18 to $20-ish a barrel. You look at variable cost, it's probably $15 to $16. So I think we'll get to the variable cost, and then we'll move to a variable cost as the year goes on.

Well, I'd maybe start with, in Europe, our markets are focused around Germany, Austria, Switzerland and the U.K. In Germany, we had low water levels at the Rhine and that presented some logistical challenges and we were able to use our infrastructure and logistic systems to capture some of the opportunity and advantage. As you know, we're kind of reimaging, rebuilding about 30 new JET sites a year in Europe. And so we're seeing some increased uplift from that. So that's a piece, I don't know if it's structural or not, but it's certainly an adder.  And then we're moving into U.K. doing some similar work in the U.K. around the JET brand in the U.K. So a combination of logistical opportunity created in the fourth quarter and just some good, nice growth opportunities.

I think the 2% is a really good number. That's what we see inside, outside in terms of the uplift. I mean, the sites are certainly more attractive. It's drawing people in and they're spending money, and that's a whole reason we're doing the campaign.

I do think -- we've got workarounds. We actually talked about that this morning. I guess Platts down too. So we're -- I think we're prepared but again, as Jeff said, I think we need to see more details about how long the pipe's going to be down.