Okay, Jeff. Thank you. Hey, good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining the call today. For the fourth quarter, we had adjusted earnings of $1.3 billion or $2.94 per share. For the year, adjusted earnings were $2.5 billion or $5.70 per share. We delivered record results in Midstream, Chemicals and Marketing and Specialties, demonstrating the strength of our diversified portfolio. For the third quarter in a row, we saw improved refining performance. Looking ahead, we're optimistic about the outlook for our business. 
In 2021, our employees exemplified the company's values of safety, honor and commitment. Our 2021 combined workforce total recordable rate of 0.12 was more than 25x better than the U.S. manufacturing average. Last year, our strong cash flow generation allowed us to invest $1.9 billion back into the business, returned $1.6 billion to shareholders and paid down $1.5 billion of debt. The 2022 capital program of $1.9 billion reflects our commitment to capital discipline. Approximately 45% of our growth capital this year will support lower carbon opportunities, including Rodeo Renewed. 
As cash flow improves further, we'll prioritize shareholder returns and debt repayment. In October, we increased the quarterly dividend to $0.92 per share. We remain committed to a secure, competitive and growing dividend. We'd like to resume share repurchases this year and on our path towards getting back to pre-COVID debt levels over the next couple of years. 
We're taking steps to position Phillips 66 for the long-term competitiveness. Across our businesses, we're assessing opportunities for permanent cost reductions. Mark and Kevin are leading this initiative and will provide additional details on the first quarter call in April. We're committed to a lower carbon future while continuing to deliver our vision of providing energy and improving lives around the globe. We announced targets to reduce greenhouse gas emissions intensity last year. By 2030, we plan to reduce Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 30% and Scope 3 emissions by 15% compared to 2019 levels. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Mark to provide some more details.

I'll be happy to do that. I mean, I don't think we really changed from our view of $6 billion to $7 billion. Of course, it's nice to see $6 billion of cash last year. It just happened to occur in different buckets that you might expect from a traditional mid-cycle. So I think we've been signaling in the last couple of months, we're pretty constructive on the Refining business coming into 2022. 
And if you think about the rest of the businesses, they've actually performed at or better than mid-cycle all through the pandemic in '20 and into '21. We remain pretty constructive on those businesses coming into '22 at all. So really, for us, the wildcard has really been Refining. And when has Refining recovered back to something approaching a mid-cycle? 
But just to remember how it all builds up on an EBITDA basis, kind of $4-ish billion in Refining, kind of $2 billion in Midstream, $2 billion in Chemicals and $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion in Marketing and Specialties, it pushes you to something like $9-ish billion of EBITDA, which translates to $6 billion to $7 billion of cash. And so I think we're pretty comfortable that we're kind of still in that range. 
Obviously, we've had some outperformance. I mean, CPChem had a blowout year last year, all driven by great operations, fundamentally good control of their costs and then super margins. Our Marketing and Specialties businesses, which we typically would say is a $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion business. Was $2 billion. And of course, we've been investing in adding retail our joint ventures. But I think it's really great execution on the operations side, particularly in the U.S. but also in our European operations, where we saw good volumes, good margins across that. 
And so I would say that we're probably on the upside of that. So given $6 billion to $7 billion of cash flow, our first dollar is always going to go to sustaining capital, that's $1 billion. Dividend is $1.6 billion, and then that leaves room for us. We can signal that the capital budget is going to be $2 billion or less, so we're $1.9 billion for this year. That's a deliberate signaling that for this year or next year, we're going to be very constrained on capital. That frees us up to pursue some debt repayment and get back to share repurchases while doing a little bit of growth. And so I think we make that all balance as we think about that. Now Kevin or Jeff, if you want to add to that, please step in or more...

Well, we've always said the gating factor is getting cash flows back to something approaching a mid-cycle and making a dent in the debt repayment. So I think coming into April, we're going to pay another $1.5 billion-ish of debt off in April as it comes due. So that's $3 billion of the $4 billion. We've made a big dent in that. So I think that kind of post April, that's why I said that I would be disappointed if by midyear, we're not back in a share repurchase mode at our company.

So let me just take a high level and then I'll let Bob come in and talk about it since it's his business. But if you look '12 through '19, we kind of averaged about $5 billion in a quarter in terms of total turnaround expense. And there's -- we did push some of '20 and '21 into 2022. I think probably a lot of the people did that in the industry as we were trying to conserve cash and protecting the balance sheet. So it's a big number, Phil, there's no question. But I'll let Bob speak to the specifics and what we're doing there.

Yes. Well, I think we're kind of back to the question on Refining and when does Refining get to mid-cycle type cracks? I mean, in 4Q, we're $11.60 realized crack. So I mean, that's the highest quarterly crack that we've seen in Refining since the fourth quarter of 2018. So there are some things that are in that number, obviously. But as we look coming into 2022, where constructive supply and demand, there's been a lot of supply that's come off the market. We think there's new supply coming on but it's going to be staged. It's not all going to hit when people think it's going to hit because it always takes longer for it to come on. 
So from that standpoint, we're constructive on the demand side. What we see with each successive wave of COVID, the impacts to demand are less and less. And so I'm not sure when that moment in time as we transition from pandemic to endemic but that could happen next year. But regardless, we see the demand impacts less and less from each successive wave of COVID. 
Prior to the current variant, we were seeing gasoline demand kind of back at 2019 levels. There's disciplined demand above 2019 levels. Jet was recovering nicely. So as we move into 2022, we're constructive around the demand side. We talked about the turnaround activity and what impact that could have ultimately on utilizations. And so we just see everything balancing out towards -- we get back towards more of a mid-cycle crack in refining. And so once we get refining there, I think we feel pretty comfortable that we're going to have sufficient cash flow, cover our sustaining capital, our dividend, pay down some debt, get back share repurchases and fund the growth program that we have this year, which is about $900 million in growth. Kevin, if you want to add anything to that.

I think we paid $3 billion of the $4 billion that we borrowed during 2020 down. I think that demonstrates our commitment to paying down debt and returning the balance sheet over a couple of year periods to something that resembles kind of pre-COVID levels of, say, $12 billion on a consolidated basis. So I think we're pretty comfortable in that construct, Roger.

As Bob pointed out, if the Europeans are running more sweet crude, it kind of widens that sour-sweet dip, which is beneficial to us. The utilization comes off on those refineries because they can't afford to run. That's good for the U.S. as well because we'll be able to export products to Europe, so it'd be good for our businesses as well.

Well, the profitability between Q3 and Q4 has strengthened. There's a lot of things to think about. When you're thinking about the renewable diesel margins, you have to think about feedstock, the renewable diesel price, the credits. You have to think about logistics. So there's a lot of pieces to it. We'll have a linear program for renewables as well. 
The key to renewable production is finding as many feedstocks, as many suppliers as you can and having the logistics to get it to the plant, which is what we've been working on. We've set up a global organization to do that and we're working hard. In renewable diesel, the key for us is getting the renewable diesel to the end user. That's the key. We keep more of the margin that way. So in part, our purchase of our commercial fleet fueling business was enabled that to -- for us to get some of that product to end users. You'll continue to see those type of things. 
We've taken all the stores in California that we have, and we've converted those to renewable diesel as well. So we're going to have as much renewable diesel as we can to the end user, and we're going to have as bog a feedstock slate as we can for the plant and we'll optimize through our linear program.

You want to talk about the pathways, the CI approval, et cetera?

It's just another key learning is how you get through that process and navigate that process in California.

Yes. Theresa, that's exactly right. Our goal is to be able, at some point, to get the entire 50,000 barrels of diesel that we make to the end user. That may not be possible but we'll see. We may export some of that depending on markets, but this is just 1 step. As I said, we upgraded all the stores to renewable diesel. We're looking at a lot of different opportunities to also get diesel to the end user. But the goal is to get it to the end user that way, we keep all of the margin and we think that's the best bet.

Take that, Bob. You've been shooting.

Yes, Paul. On the deferred revenue, it's basically the variance quarter-over-quarter equates to the deferred revenue essentially, so that is the way to think about it. But I would say with deferred revenue, that is not -- I don't think of that as a sort of onetime item because the nature of those contracts on the pipelines, we're either going to get the volumes and the revenues recognized as we get the volumes, or if there's a short fall in volumes, recognized as you get the volumes or if there's a shortfall in volumes, we still collect the cash and then there's either makeup rights or ultimately, they close out, and we then recognize the deferred revenue. 
So that's a phenomenon that you see going period to period. So it's not a -- I don't think of it as a true onetime item. We had inventory impacts, both in the Midstream and in Refining, but we have inventory impacts every period. And that's not something we typically quantify unless it was excessively large in terms of the impact. So we typically don't quantify those.

No. It's going to show up across all areas.

Okay. Paul, I think you're up to 5 questions now, but I'll try my best to start. At least I'll answer the ones I want to,, how about that? So first of all, we -- I mean, historically, we've used $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion is growth CapEx. So I think that for many reasons, pandemic, one of them, the need to be structured around debt repayment and get back to share repurchases, we purposely signaled total CapEx budgets of $2 billion or less for this year and kind of next year. We'll see what happens going forward. But I do think we want to get the balance sheet back to something over the next 2 years, approaching pre-COVID, so call it, $12 billion. 
I want to get back to share repurchases. I mean, we've been out of share repurchases, and it's time to step back into those. And so I think for all the right reasons, we want to keep capital constrained across the portfolio over the next couple of years. And to your point, certainly, midstream, we just don't think those investable opportunities that will hit our return hurdles are going to be there in the next 2 years in the midstream business. And we'll see where renewables goes and where renewables takes us. But right now, the biggest project in front of us is Rodeo Renewed, a circa $850 million project. 
So I mean, that in itself is almost a mega project by any standards. So I think there's still big things going on around the portfolio in terms of growth, and then you add on CPChem and the 2 mega projects they're looking at. So there are certainly lots of growth still around the portfolio, allows us to be very structured about how we think about capital allocation. But to your point, the whole idea is to free up more cash for debt repayment and getting back into share repurchases. Kevin, if you want to take DCP, I'll let you take it.

Yes. And I think it's just the nature of how the market is going to work. When you think about the airline business, I mean, their only option today to decarbonize is sustainable aviation fuel. We don't think hydrogen is going to work in planes, batteries aren't going to work in long-haul planes. And so I think they're anxious to work with the industry in developing sustainable aviation fuels. And I think what you're going to see is going to be contractual relationships developed so that they have access to the molecules that are going to be there.

Do you want to start?

Yes. I might just comment on the Marketing and Specialties. That business is consolidating, particularly the retail marketing in the U.S. And we're seeing many of our longtime business partners. They may be second or third generation businesses. And for family estate planning, they want to exit or maybe the current generation doesn't want to take over. And so it's creating those opportunities. So we ensure that we continue to have access to those markets long term. And so that's what's driving a lot of what we're thinking. 
I think Brian did a really nice job of talking about renewable diesel and making sure we're capturing all the value we can. I think one of the things we've been frustrated with RINs is we've never been able to explain what we think is some value leakage in the RINs. And so we want to make sure that we're going to capture that full value chain around the renewable diesel side of that. So I think that maybe is an important point as you think about what we're trying to do in the Marketing and Specialties space around that. 
We always look at buy versus build. I think that certainly this is an opportunity to think about that, particularly in businesses that are going to consolidate, for instance, like Midstream. I still think Midstream will have some consolidation. And to your point, as we roll out PSXP and we have a full suite of assets kind of within our control, then I think we have the chance to really think about how we optimize our Midstream and particularly, our NGL-oriented portfolio around that. Tim, if you want to add anything on that on Midstream, please?