Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. Adjusted earnings for the third quarter were $1.4 billion or $3.11 per share. We generated $1.7 billion of operating cash flow. We continue to operate safely and reliably, successfully executing our strategy and delivering another quarter of strong performance. 
Midstream achieved record adjusted earnings in its Transportation and NGL businesses and continued to progress its portfolio of growth projects. We captured favorable margins in our refining and marketing businesses. CPChem also operated well and contributed to our strong cash generation. 
During the quarter, we distributed $841 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We recently announced a new $3 billion share repurchase program, further demonstrating our commitment to return capital to our shareholders. Disciplined capital allocation is fundamental to our strategy and it creates value for our shareholders. Over the long term, we will reinvest 60% of our operating cash flow back into the business and return 40% to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We are dedicated to a secure, competitive and growing dividend. We buy back our shares when they trade below intrinsic value and we're buying shares today. 
During the quarter, we advanced our portfolio of Midstream growth projects. These projects will contribute to future earnings growth, creating additional value for our shareholders. Phillips 66 Partners has started line fill and commissioning activities on the Gray Oak pipeline. The 900,000 barrel per day pipeline will transport crude oil from the Permian and the Eagle Ford to the Texas Gulf Coast, including our Sweeny refinery. We expect to begin initial service in November and anticipate full service in the first quarter of 2020.
Phillips 66 Partners owns a 42.25% interest in the joint venture. Gray Oak will connect with multiple refineries and export facilities in the Corpus Christi area, including the South Texas Gateway terminal in which PSXP has a 25% ownership. The terminal will have 2 deepwater marine docks, over 7 million barrels of storage capacity and up to 800,000 barrels per day of throughput capacity. The terminal is expected to start up in mid-2020.
The Liberty pipeline will provide transportation from the growing Rockies and Bakken production areas to Cushing, Oklahoma. Liberty will have access to the Gulf Coast via the Red Oak pipeline. We own a 50% interest and will construct and operate Liberty. The Red Oak Pipeline system will connect Cushing and the Permian Basin to multiple locations along the Gulf Coast, including Corpus Christi, Ingleside, Houston and Beaumont. We own a 50% interest and will operate Red Oak. 
The Liberty and Red Oak pipelines are backed by long-term volume commitments and are targeted to begin initial service in the first half of 2021. With these new pipelines, along with our existing crude system, this positions us to serve the key Shell oil-producing regions and will provide connectivity to the major Gulf Coast market centers.
We're adding 3 fractionators at the Sweeny Hub, each with a capacity of 150,000 barrels per day. Fracs 2 and 3 are on track to start up in the fourth quarter of 2020. The recently sanctioned Frac 4 is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2021. The fracs are backed by customer commitments. Upon completion of Frac 4, the Sweeny Hub will have 550,000 barrels per day of fractionation capacity.
In connection with our expansion at the Sweeny Hub, PSXP is increasing storage capacity at Clemens Caverns from 9 million barrels to 15 million barrels. The project is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2020. 
Also at the Sweeny Hub, PSXP is constructing the C2G Pipeline, 16-inch ethane pipeline from Clemens Caverns to the petrochemical customers in the Corpus Christi area. The pipeline will have 240,000 barrels per day of capacity and is expected to be complete in mid-2021. 
In chemicals, CPChem is expanding its strategic partnership with Qatar Petroleum to develop petrochemical assets in the U.S. Gulf Coast and in Qatar. Pending final investment decisions, these world-scale projects will add ethylene and high-density polyethylene capacity in advantaged feedstock locations. This further enhances CPChem's leading polyethylene position to supply the world's growing demand for polymers. 
At the Lake Charles Refinery, we started up the Phillips 66 Partners' 25,000 barrel per day isomerization unit, increasing our production of higher octane gasoline blend components. At the Sweeny refinery, we're upgrading the FCC to increase production of higher-valued petrochemical feedstock and higher octane gasoline. This project is on track to complete in the second quarter of 2020. 
So before I turn the call over to Kevin, I'd like to invite you to join us on November 6 for our Investor Day in New York City. We look forward to providing an update on our strategy, how we're positioned to deliver superior returns to our shareholders. You'll see members from our management team, and they'll each discuss their businesses, including projects we're executing to grow Midstream and Chemicals as well as improved returns in refining and marketing. 
With that, Kevin will take us through the financial results.

Well, first of all, I think we have a great set of integrated assets. And we've been thoughtful about how we invest around the assets, and we've been careful in our Refining business to pursue investments that are certainly high return, quick payout investments that creates access to advantaged crude or yield structure. In Midstream, we've leveraged our investments around our existing infrastructure, around our refining footprint because we create more value by doing that at the end of the day. 
I think our Chemicals business is differentiating, when you think about the Chems business. When we think about our comparators and who we compare ourselves to, we have a pretty broad peer group. We're looking at peers in midstream and refining and chemicals.  Also look at our performance versus the S&P 100. And so we're looking at that on a total shareholder return basis. But we also -- half of all our long-term comp is return on capital employed. 
Returns still matter, Doug, as you know, you're the teacher of us for that. So we're always watching the returns and where we're investing. And then as you think about, we've returned $25 billion back to our investors over this period of time. We know that a strong, competitive, secure, growing dividend is important to people, and we know that buying our shares back when they trade below intrinsic value creates value. So that would be the answer.

Okay. Jeff?

The other thing, Paul, the early service is obviously going to the Corpus area, but producers will be able to hop on the Kinder system and get to Houston if they so choose to do that.

On balance, we view it as positive for the PSX portfolio, though.

Last question was around the fracs at 550,000 barrels a day and kind of a 35%, 38% yield of propane, that's 200,000 barrels a day. So we'll be in balance between our LPG export capacity and our fractionation capacity.

Yes, I want to start with the point, the unit price has done nicely since the IDR transaction on PSXP. I think just from a straight-up cost of capital standpoint, it probably still has a cost of capital advantage versus PSX and 5.5%, 6% yield on a sum of parts basis, we're still advantaged to build our Midstream business in PSXP. So we'll continue to grow organically PSXP. And indeed, as you've seen, we've done, last couple years, of $1 billion-plus of kind of the organic capital investments. We have a great growth portfolio. PSXP has great capacity to execute. So I think you'll see us continue along those same lines.

Yes, I would start kind of mid-cycle cash flow, $6.5 billion, Doug. And we can afford $1 billion in sustaining capital, kind of $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion dividend, and we can afford $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion of share repurchase, $1.5 billion, $2.5 billion of growth capital. I see a healthy tension in there. 
So we start from the basis that we want the dividend to be competitive with, certainly S&P 100 and our peer group. We look at that. I think we've had 25% compound annual dividend growth since our first dividend. So we've demonstrated a good track record of strong dividend growth. You should expect that will continue for us.
Certainly, $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion is very affordable and $6.5 billion of cash flow. So we've got room to grow it. Now share repurchases, we're intrinsic value. We look at kind of mid-cycle earnings out of our business streams. We're looking 1 to 2 years out in our long-range plan. And we're planning historical multiples at and we're trading below intrinsic value that we're buying. We have a grid. We reset that grid every quarter. If the share price goes up, we buy less. The share price goes down, we buy more. And so that's the way we've handled that. 
I think we're, all in, about $77.40 in terms of our total share repurchases since inception. So given where the share price is trading today, we're pretty happy with that.

Well, so I'll sort of start, and then Kevin and Jeff can kind of fill in the blanks. So first of all, Red Oak and Liberty are all backed by long-term customer commitments that extend well beyond the time frame that you just mentioned. I think that -- as I think about the U.S. upstream industry, I think we're going to move into a period of slowing growth in U.S. upstream. I actually think that's a good thing. I don't think we could continue to grow at 1.6 million barrels a day in the U.S. against the world demand growing at [ 1:1 ].  I don't think that's particularly healthy for the industry. 
And for us, in all of our business segments, we need a strong viable upstream business in the U.S. So just from a high level standpoint, I don't view the slowing growth as negative in terms of the opportunity set. Jeff or Kevin, you want to hop in on that?

I guess they don't. Okay.