Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. First, I'd like to welcome Mark Lashier, our new President and Chief Operating Officer. I think many of you know Mark from his previous role as President and CEO of CPChem. And Mark, it's great to have you here with us at Phillips 66.  
In the first quarter, we had an adjusted loss of $509 million or $1.16 per share. Our results reflect the impact of the severe winter storms in the U.S. Gulf Coast and Central regions where we experienced reduced volumes, increased utility costs and maintenance and repair costs. 
We safely resumed operations across our businesses following the storm-related downtime. We're proud of our employees and their commitment to operating excellence, particularly during these challenging times.  
Gasoline diesel demand continues to recover and product inventories have normalized, supporting higher refining margins and utilization rates. We expect continued recovery as we wrap up spring turnarounds and head into the summer driving season. Also, chemicals facilities are back to normal operations with continued strong demand and margins. 
We remain optimistic about the impact COVID-19 vaccines and monetary stimulus will have on economic recovery in the back half of the year. Leading indicators suggests economic growth is accelerating, which supports demand for our products. 
In the first quarter, we returned $394 million to shareholders in dividends. We remain committed to a secure, competitive and growing dividend. In February, we repaid $500 million of maturing debt. We will continue with a disciplined approach to capital allocation, including debt repayment as cash generation improves. We'll maintain a conservative balance sheet and a strong investment-grade credit rating. 
The South Texas Gateway terminal commissioned additional storage, bringing the total capacity to 8.6 million barrels. This completes the final construction phase for this project. In addition, the terminal has up to 800,000 barrels per day of export capacity. Gold 66 Partners owns a 25% interest in the terminal.  
Phillips 66 Partners continue construction of the C2G Pipeline, connecting its Clemens Storage Caverns to petrochemical facilities in the Corpus Christi area. The project is backed by long-term commitments and is expected to be completed in mid-2021. At the Sweeny Hub, we plan to resume construction of Frac 4 in the second half of 2021, which will add 150,000 barrels per day. Upon completion, the Sweeny Hub will have 550,000 barrels per day of fractionation capacity supported by long-term customer commitments. 
In Chemicals, CPChem is advancing optimization and debottlenecking opportunities. This includes approved projects at its Cedar Bayou facility that will increase production of ethylene and polyethylene. In addition, CPChem is developing an expansion of its normal alpha olefins capacity.  
We're advancing our Rodeo Renewed project at the San Francisco refinery. Earlier this month, we began renewable diesel production from the hydrotreater conversion, which will ramp up to 8,000 barrels per day in the third quarter. Subject to permitting and approvals, full conversion of the facility is expected in early 2024. On completion, the facility will have over 50,000 barrels per day of renewable fuel production capacity.  
This capital-efficient investment is expected to deliver strong returns and reduce the facility's greenhouse gas emissions by 50%. This project will help California meet its lower carbon objectives. 
We're increasing our focus on lower carbon initiatives across the company. This includes the creation of Emerging Energy group earlier this year and ongoing research and development by our energy research and innovation organization.  
We've invested in Shell Rock Soy Processing, a joint venture that plans to construct a new soybean facility in Iowa. We expect the project to be completed in late 2022, and we will purchase 100% of the soybean oil production. 
We signed an MoU with Southwest Airlines to commercialize sustainable aviation fuel. We launched a technical collaboration with Faradion, a leader in sodium-ion battery technology, to develop lower-cost, higher-performing anode materials for sodium-ion batteries. These activities further our commitment to addressing the global climate challenge while delivering attractive shareholder returns. 
Finally, we'd like to comment on our company's operating excellence. We are honored that our refining, midstream and chemicals businesses were recently recognized for 2020 safety performance. Six of our refineries were recognized by AFPM, including Lake Charles, Ponca City and Santa Maria refineries, which received distinguished safety awards.  
This is the highest annual safety award in our industry and the 5th year in a row that our refineries have received this honor. Our midstream businesses was awarded API Distinguished Pipeline Safety Award for large operators. This is the highest recognition by API from the midstream industry. In addition, we're recognized by the Gas Processors Association for outstanding safety performance in midstream.  
In chemicals, AFPM selected CPChem's Conroe, Orange and Port Arthur facilities as recipients of the Elite Silver Safety Award. So congratulations to all these facilities well done, we're really proud of you. 
So with that, I'm going to turn the call over to Kevin to review the financial results.

Yes. I think if you look at '12 through '19, that's about what it averaged, Neil. And I think we're pretty comfortable on a go-forward basis. That's going to reference some kind of a mid-cycle number. We kind of look at reinvestment level economics and what does it take to get you kind of a 12% return, and that's what it is.

I would just add that in our business, we blend about half. So we create to generate half -- about half the RINs we need for our obligation at Phillips 66. And then also in Q1, there was some blend margin. So RBOB was above ethanol. So there was some benefit in blend market and marketing as well.

Phil, I think to -- I mean a lot of our peers report refining and marketing together. If you kind of add both of those together, I think we feel pretty good.

Kevin?

Yes. When you look at the cost of debt, I mean you're driven really to have an efficient capital structure in your company. And I think that probably lands us around that $12 billion. So we want to be on a glide slope to that. It's not an absolute target that we're trying to hit here before we get back to increasing our dividend or looking at share repurchases. 
I do think that the gating decision for us is really mid-cycle cash book. We want to get back to $6 billion to $7 billion of mid-cycle cash flow, and that creates the optionality for us certainly to invest $1 billion in our sustaining capital to fund our dividend, $1.6 billion and grow that dividend. And then that leaves us with a lot of optionality, Paul, that further paying down debt or investing more in the company. 
And we're still comfortable with the guidance around the 60-40 guidance that we've given over the last few years. And so we still think that, that's good guidance going forward for our company.

And don't forget, we're also responsible to supplying feedstock for the [ right ] facilities. That's a 10,000 barrels a day, the feed were responsible for procuring.

I think I might just add, when you look at gasoline demand, we are seeing trips to the grocery store, recreational activity has gone back to slightly above pre-COVID levels. And so there's strong demand there. We're seeing a movement out of some of the big cities into suburban areas where people drive more, consume more gasoline. 
So I think there are positives and negatives, but I think the other thing is, as you look to the summer, hotel reservations are up. It looks like it's going to be a robust travel season for the summer.

And so we'll capture, just to be clear, LCFS, RINs and BTC with these barrels.