Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. Third quarter adjusted earnings were $1.5 billion, a record $3.10 per share. This quarter, we demonstrated the value of our integrated portfolio, contributing strong earnings. In the Central Corridor, our Refining and Midstream assets ran at record levels, capturing strong margins. We continued to benefit from advantaged feedstocks as the industry's largest purchaser of heavy Canadian crude. We achieved record Midstream earnings. And in marketing, we realized solid margins on refined product sales. We've repurchased or exchanged nearly 30% of our initial shares outstanding over the last 6 years, contributing to a record adjusted earnings per share this quarter. We continue our commitment to distributions by returning $775 million through dividends and share repurchases in the third quarter and $5.2 billion for the year. Strong shareholder distributions remained fundamental to our disciplined capital allocation approach. We're investing on robust portfolio of projects with attractive returns to create shareholder value and drive future growth. 
During the third quarter, Phillips 66 Partners once again achieved record adjusted EBITDA. PSXP has grown at a rapid pace during its first 5 years. With its scale and financial strength, PSXP is well positioned to fund and sustain a significant organic capital program to drive future EBITDA growth. Phillips 66 Partners is the operator and largest owner in the Gray Oak Pipeline project. Gray Oak will provide crude oil transportation from the Permian and the Eagle Ford to Texas Gulf Coast destinations, including our Sweeny refinery. Supported by shipper commitments, the capacity of the pipeline will be 900,000 barrels per day and is on schedule to be in service by the end of 2019. 
At the Sweeny Hub, we're building 2 150,000 barrel per day NGL fractionators and adding 6 million barrels of storage at Phillips 66 Partners Clemens Caverns. We have agreements in place with multiple parties, including DCP Midstream, to supply Y-grade to the new fractionators. The hub will have 400,000 barrels per day of fractionation capacity and 15 million barrels of storage when the expansion is completed in late 2020. Our Sweeny Hub is strategically located on the Texas Gulf Coast and directly accessible from the Permian. Gulf Coast fractionation capacity remains tight, and there is strong interest from customers and future expansion projects. 
At the Beaumont Terminal, we recently placed 900,000 barrels of fully contracted new crude oil storage into service. We have an additional crude tanks under construction that will increase the terminal's total capacity to 14.6 million barrels by the end of this year. During the third quarter, we had about 200,000 barrels per day of exports across our dock. The continued growth in domestic crude production is expected to result in the need for higher Gulf Coast exports, and we're making investments to capitalize on this opportunity. At Beaumont, we recently approved a new project to further increase crude storage by 2.2 million barrels with completion anticipated in early 2020. 
PSXP also has a 25% interest in the South Texas Gateway Terminal under development in Corpus Christi. The terminal is connected to Gray Oak Pipeline and will provide 3.4 million barrels of crude storage upon completion in late 2019. 
DCP Midstream continues to expand the Sand Hills Pipeline to meet the demand for growing NGL production in the Permian Basin. DCP increased the pipeline's capacity to 440,000 barrels per day at the end of the third quarter, and further expansion to 485,000 barrels per day is expected by the end of this year. Sand Hills is owned 2/3 by DCP and 1/3 by Phillips 66 Partners. 
In the high-growth DJ Basin, DCP's Mewbourn 3 gas processing plant started up in the third quarter, and the O'Connor 2 plant is expected to begin operations in the second quarter of 2019. 
In Chemicals, CPChem has a leading position in polyethylenes to supply the world's growing demand for polymers. CPChem's portfolio cost advantage assets are strategically located in the U.S. and the Middle East. Abundant ethane supplies remain the cost advantage feedstock for U.S. Gulf petrochemicals growth. CPChem continues to optimize its new U.S. Gulf Coast petrochemicals assets and is developing a second U.S. Gulf Coast project that would include ethylene and derivative capacity. CPChem is also evaluating additional capacity across multiple product lines through debottlenecks on existing units. 
In Refining, we continue to focus on high-return projects to improve margins. We have an FCC optimization project underway at the Sweeny refinery that will increase the production of high-value petrochemical products and higher-octane gasoline. This project should complete in mid-2020. At our Lake Charles Refinery, Phillips 66 Partners is constructing a 25,000 barrel per day isomerization unit. This new unit will increase production of higher-octane gasoline blend components when completed in the third quarter of 2019. 
We're optimistic about future growth opportunities across our businesses. With growing hydrocarbon production in the shale plays, we see opportunities for further Midstream infrastructure build-out, including pipelines, export facilities and NGL fractionation. Our Refining system is well positioned to capture low-cost inland crude feedstock, and we see good opportunities for future Chemicals expansion. We will remain a disciplined allocator of capital. We'll continue to invest in growth projects with attractive returns that are aligned with our long-term strategy, and we'll continue to provide a strong, competitive, growing dividend and will be a buyer of our shares when they trade below intrinsic value. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Kevin to review the financials.

Yes. Well, I'd start from the guidance we've given. Long term, we want to reinvest 60% of cash from all sources back in the business, and 40% goes back to our shareholders through strong dividend and share repurchasing. And obviously, it's deviating from that, Doug, over the longer term. Any given year, we could bounce around a little bit. This year is going to be hard to hit. We'll hit 60-40, but it's going to be the other way given we're already at $5.2 billion of share repurchases for the year. But there's no question, I think. We're working the capital budget for 2019 now. We go to our board in December for approval, so I don't want to get too far out ahead of that. So we got Gray Oak and the fracs. And of course, Gray Oak, even though it's a PSXP, it gets consolidated up in the PSX. So at the consolidated level, we're probably looking at something between $2 billion and $2.5 billion in '19. But we'll tell you what the number is when we get to the board in December.

Okay. That was 5 questions packed into 1, Neil, but we'll try to deal with it. So let me just start at the high level, and I'll have Jeff step in and kind of give our views. So I think, first of all, no question, large differentials on WCS. But also, WTS differentials were strong in the quarter. We're able to capture that at Borger and, to some degree, into Ponca. And we ran really well, so 108% capacity utilization. So where we needed to run really well, we ran well and we're able to capture that opportunity. And I'll let Jeff comment on our future views in terms of WCS spreads.

The other thing I'd add is, Roger, we have invested in infrastructure that allows us to capture that. So we have things at Hardisty. We've got commitments on pipes coming south, and so I think we're really well positioned to capture that arb when it's there.

Yes. So I'd just point out, we're just -- we're in a different spot than some of the ones that have rolled up. It's a $1 billion plus EBITDA. We've grown it at 30% compound annual growth rate. The distributions on our call later this afternoon for PSXP, we're going to lay out a great organic portfolio of projects that's investable. We kind of made the pivot from a drop-down story to organic growth story. PSXP, on its own, has substantial capacity to invest, and so we just look at it as a vehicle to help us grow our Midstream business. And so we like that component. We think PSXP is a strong entity and a valuable part of our portfolio. Now IDRs, this is certainly a topical question, and I don't think we'd go to a meeting that we don't get asked about IDRs and what are we going to do with IDRs. I would say that we don't think that there's a constraint on growth created by the IDRs today, although we do acknowledge that there's a life cycle to MLPs. We certainly understand that. I would say that the path to how you deal with IDRs is a well-worn path and well understood by most people. And the only guide rails that we would put is we're certainly willing to deal with the IDRs at the appropriate time, but it's going to have to be in a manner that is fair to LP unitholders but also to the PSX shareholders. So we'll get the IDRs at some point.

Yes. Well, I think 2 in the quarter. Ethane kind of had a wild ride in the high 30s, more than double, went back down to the high 30s. And it's below that today. And I think the industry just had a hard time keeping up with that, so it did cause some margin compression. And frankly, we always thought with the new units that have come on, 3 so far, that there would be some compression in margins as these materials started hitting the market. I think the thing that we all missed was how quickly the frac capacity filled up, and it was really that frac capacity filling up that drove ethane prices so quickly and rapidly. I think the chems did a great job of adjusting their feedstock slates and obviously by cracking more propane and then putting pressure on ethane, and you saw the results on the ethane prices. But I think we're going to be at this tension point until we can get some more frac capacity on, we'll see some coming on in '19. There's 2 or 3 fracs coming on in '19 and a couple more fracs, including our frac 2, frac 3, another 300,000 a day in '20. So I think as we move into '19 and '20, we'd start to resolve that issue around feedstock. So in the interim, what'll happen is I think the export price of propane sets the ceiling, if you will, in ethane price. And of course, fuel value is always a 4 on ethane price. Our view is there's still 600,000 or more a day in rejection across the U.S. So where there's plenty of ethane, we just need the frac capacity, get it out. And then finally, I'll just say, as we look into '19, we're still constructive in terms of the margin outlook. Globally, we'd see good demand growth, really globally, but in the U.S., Europe and Asia. And we just like the supply/demand fundamentals that we see looking out to '19 and '20.

Bayway was also down during that period of time, and so that probably impacted the amount of deposit direction on secondary products. Look, I think the coke market globally has improved. There's no question around that. We have 2 refineries, certainly Lake Charles and Humber. They're probably most impacted and influenced, particularly by the specialty-grade cokes. Over the last 2, 3 years, we've been working to develop new markets for specialty-grade cokes. One of those is the anodes and lithium ion batteries, and we've made good progress there in developing a new high-valued market for us. A lot of the other specialty coke goes into art furnace production, and that's tied with the global economy. And so to answer the question, is it sustainable or not, if the economy continues to do well, I think this business will continue to do well for us. But it's a relatively small component in the overall mix for Phillips 66. It was completely overshadowed by the margin improvement we saw in the Central Corridor around -- you think about billings, you think about Wood River and Ponca City and Borger and capturing a $25 spread there.

Well, specifically to the third quarter, we had a turnaround at Port Arthur on the ethylene side, but we're selling out of inventory. Ethylene inventories are still relatively high, and that's also leading to some of the margin compression we're seeing in ethylene. I know in CPChem's case, we actually built inventory to cover the derivative startup from last fall till the new cracker came on. And the new cracker came on better, quicker and ran higher rates than we expected. And so we've been adjusting inventories at CPChem to bring ethylene inventories down. So then you come back and you think about, "Okay. What's happening going into next year?" The sales volumes are still strong. Polyethylene sales volumes were up quarter-over-quarter. We're seeing strong demand growth in really across all regions, Paul. So I would say we're constructive on the outlook for margins going into 2019.

I think the -- certainly, the Middle East assets are running at capacity. We had a global O&P rate of 91%, but that was influenced by the Port Arthur turnaround. Then we had a power outage at our Cedar Bayou facility which took down the new cracker and the old cracker at Cedar Bayou, so that really impacted O&P rates. But I would -- we've given guidance kind of mid-90s for the fourth quarter, and I think we feel pretty comfortable with that guidance.

Well, so we've never contemplated cutting the dividend. So as...

It was the Scottish definition of cut that got me. Okay. So look, I think we've consistently kind of guided to $1 billion to $2 billion of share repurchase a year the past couple of years. Obviously, this year we had an opportunity in February to take a big swing with Berkshire and we did. But I think that guidance is still a pretty good guidance going forward. Look, we look at the spot price every quarter. We have a grid. We reset that grid every quarter, Doug. So in the past 2 weeks, we've been buying a lot more stock than we would normally buy as the share price fell, and I think you'd want us to do that. But we look at that every quarter. And as I think out into 2019 kind of that $1 billion to $2 billion consistent range of share repurchases would be the guidance that we'll give for '19 also.

Well, as a joint decision with our partner, I think that timing, we've kind of guided to kind of a late '19, early 2020-type FID. We are progressing work around the site location, the permits required, initial designs around that facility, but I still think that it's late '19 or early 2020 in terms of FID for that facility.

The answer is yes. I think we probably have room to debottleneck the new cracker. But we -- across the platform, I would say we have opportunities in some of the older assets of 2 to do some additional debottlenecking. So we're not going to give a number today in terms of the volumes on that, but I think that CPChem has a great portfolio of opportunities, kind of internal to the existing asset portfolio where they can get some more value out of those assets. As you know, the debottlenecks are the easiest ones to do, highest-returning projects typically in the portfolio. So we'll prosecute those.

And we also ran our first train out of the Permian this year around to -- or this quarter around to...

The Beaumont. So I think we're doing everything we can around the portfolio to create great value out of these opportunities.

Well, first of all, you're right. We probably have $700 million to $900 million of EBITDA at the PSX level. That's MLP-qualifying EBITDA out of $300 million or so that resides in our Refining business today. We just don't see the need to do that. We have such a strong portfolio of organic opportunities investable at PSXP, and it has the balance sheet and the capability to execute those projects, that I suspect that it will be a long time before we get to the need to do any drops. It gives us comfort that we have them there if we need them, but I would just say we're comfortable with the structure. We think about PSXP as a vehicle to help grow our Midstream business. I think we said many times we'd be very comfortable if all the investments we were making in Midstream could be executed to PSXP level. And indeed, we've grown from almost 0 capital budget to $750 million this year. And this afternoon, we're going to tell you a budget over $1 billion for PSXP over 2019. So you can see the strategy, it's evolving. And so it's doing what we need it to do in terms of helping us to grow our Midstream business, and we're comfortable with it.

Well, so I would say that our export terminal, which was 150,000 barrel a day design. We've demonstrated kind of 200,000 barrels a day. We're running at about 180,000 barrels a day. Our view -- we're constructive on the export market growth for LPGs. And indeed, when we look at all the NGLs coming at us out of the Permian, Eagle Ford and the other basins, we're going to need to export LPGs to clear the U.S. markets because the U.S. demand is just not going to grow fast enough to absorb that. So I think we're comfortable with the growth profile we see out there. I think a lot of people have questions around tariffs and what tariffs are doing. What we're seeing is the markets pivoting around the tariffs today. So we have Chinese buyers that aren't necessarily shipping to China today and then maybe trading out for [ Air Gulf Cargo ]. But the market is working, in our view, at this point in time. And I just think, longer term, we will certainly solve the tariff issue. So I don't think we're concerned about that on a medium to a long-term basis. So we like the profile we see. I think the issue is that the asset from our view is still underperforming our expectations, even at kind of this 180,000 to 200,000 barrels a day given where dock fees are. We think dock utilizations in the U.S. are still around 83%, 84%, let's say. As we move into '19, we see those utilizations improving, and we think the opportunity to earn fees will improve. But in this market today, I don't think we would be interested in taking a long-term contract at 6 cents.

I think from an industry's perspective, the excess inventory is really an ethylene part, not the derivative part of the chain. So it's really people making adjustments on the ethylene production side to bring the ethylene inventories back into line. And I mean, when you look at -- we look at the full chain margin. And so what you're seeing is the margins really shifted into the derivatives over the last couple of quarters. And I mean, that's a value being totally integrated from that perspective. But I suspect that as ethylene inventories kind of come back to more normal, some of that margin shifts back into the ethylene side. But from a CPChem perspective, they're kind of agnostic because they capture that full value through the chain. And so managing the inventory is just part of good blocking and tackling and capital discipline around working capital. So I think that what we fundamentally look at, we look at the Middle East. Are the assets running? Is inventory stacking up at the docks? It's not. China continues to be a strong buyer, and inventory seemed to be clearing through that system. And of course, demand in the U.S. appears very good to us fundamentally. So I just -- we're constructive in our outlook in '19, '20 and '21. And from a fundamental supply and demand balance issue, we see increasing operating rates, which I think is constructive towards margins as we move forward in that business. And so I think the comments around inventory are really specific around kind of the third and fourth quarter. I think as you get into '19, they'll start to clear out in terms of the ethylene side.

Yes. So I would say there's multiple parties involved in the uplift to 900,000 barrels a day. The line -- we're building a 30-inch line regardless, and so -- but it was nice to be able to firm up those commitments. And then certainly Enbridge has an option to come in. That option expires in November, I think. And so I think by the fourth quarter, you'll have visibility. And whether they decide to exercise that option or not, I hope they do. They're a great partner. If they don't, we're willing to keep their share. It's a great project. So you'll have some more insight into that. In fact, all the other people that have options to come in to Gray Oak have to do so by November. If I was going to bet you money on it, I think our ownership is going to be 42.25%. So I think these people will exercise their options and come into the line. I know I would.