Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today.
Adjusted earnings for the first quarter were $187 million or $0.40 per share. Our diversified portfolio delivered positive earnings in a weak market environment. Depressed gasoline margins and narrow heavy crude differentials significantly impacted our refining results. Refining operated at 84% capacity utilization, reflecting turnarounds at 5 refineries. We're also impacted by higher-than-normal unplanned downtime. During the quarter, we distributed $708 million to our shareholders. Disciplined capital allocation is fundamental to our strategy, and we'll continue to return capital to our shareholders.
We expect to deliver another double-digit dividend increase this year. We continue to buy back shares when they trade below intrinsic value we're buying today. During the quarter, we advanced our robust portfolio of attractive projects across our businesses. At PSXP, we made progress on the Gray Oak Pipeline. This 900,000 barrel per day pipeline will transport crude oil from the Permian and Eagle Ford to Texas Gulf Coast destinations. Construction continues on the 850 miles of pipeline and the 17 facilities. We are experiencing cost pressures from higher steel prices, labor rates and railway. The total cost of the project is now expected to be approximately $2.7 billion. We have received all of the Army Corps of Engineers permits. We're on track to start up in the fourth quarter of this year. Phillips 66 Partners owns a 42.25% interest in the pipeline.
Rail will connect with multiple terminals in Corpus Christi, including the South Texas Gateway Terminal in which PSXP has a 25% ownership. The marine terminal will have 2 deepwater docks with initial storage capacity of about 7 million barrels and up to 800,000 barrels per day of throughput capacity. The project is expected to start up by mid-2020.
We had strong operations across our NGL value chain. Our Sweeny Hub achieved record operating performance in the first quarter at both the fractionator and the LPG export facility. With Freeport Terminal's advantages, including fewer port delays, the hub is a well-positioned LPG export facility with a global customer base. We're expanding the Sweeny Hub with 2 150,000 barrel a day NGL fractionators and 6 million barrels of additional storage at Phillips 66 Partners Clemens Caverns. The hub will have 400,000 barrels per day of fractionation capacity and 15 million barrels of storage when the expansion is completed in the fourth quarter of 2020. Beyond these ongoing projects, there's strong customer interest to support investment in additional fractionation capacity. 
The Sand Hills pipeline, owned 2/3 by DCP and 1/3 by Phillips 66 Partners, supplies feedstock to the fractionators at the Sweeny Hub. During the quarter, the pipeline achieved record volumes of 494,000 barrels per day following this fourth quarter expansion. We're making investments at our Beaumont Terminal to capitalize on the continued growth in Gulf Coast crude exports. Construction is underway to increase crude storage by 2.2 million barrels. Upon completion in early 2020, the terminal will have a total of 16.8 million barrels of crude and product storage capability.
In chemicals, CPChem increased the capacity of its new ethane cracker to 1.7 million tons per year, which is 15% above design. A second Gulf Coast project that would add ethylene and derivative capacity is under development. CPChem is also evaluating additional low-cost high-return debottleneck opportunities.
In refining, we have an FCC upgrade project underway at Sweeny that will increase production of higher-value petrochemical products and higher-octane gasoline. This project is planned to be complete in the second quarter of 2020. At our Lake Charles refinery, Phillips 66 Partners is constructing a 25,000 barrel per day isomerization unit to increase production of higher-octane gasoline blend components. This unit is expected to be complete in the third quarter of this year.
We have a portfolio of renewable projects under development that leverage our existing infrastructure, supply network and capabilities. Waste fats, recycled cooking oils and other renewable feedstocks will be used for diesel production. We have a project underway at our Humber Refinery and we're developing a project at our Ferndale Refinery. In Nevada, we have supply and offtake agreements with third-party facilities. We're also evaluating renewable fuel opportunities at our California refineries.
In closing, we're honored that 6 of our refineries were recently recognized by the AFPM for their 2018 safety performance. The Ponca City Refinery received the Distinguished Safety Award. This is the highest annual safety award in our industry and the third year in a row that one of our refineries has received this honor. Ferndale, Los Angeles, Billings, Borger and Santa Maria sites were also recognized for their top-tier safety excellence. In chemicals, AFPM recognized 5 CPChem facilities for industry-leading safety performance. In midstream, Phillips 66 and DCP Midstream received first-place awards in their respective divisions from the Gas Processors Association for outstanding performance in 2018.
We're very proud of our employees' commitment to safety and we'd like to congratulate them on a job well done. With that, I'll turn the call over to Kevin to review the financials.

Yes. Well, no, I think that -- I mean, first of all, we ran lights out in the fourth quarter but I think we've run kind of rugged in the first quarter. Obviously, we had 8% kind of planned maintenance turnaround activity that was factored in the plan. And we had about 6% give or take of kind of unplanned downtime, which is uncharacteristic for us. We would normally target about 2% unplanned downtime during the quarter. I think as Kevin mentioned in his remarks, it's really around 3 facilities. Wood River, we're coming up from a turnaround and had an issue restarting the crude unit lineup issue, had a pump failure at Los Angeles. Both resulted in substantial downtime at both those facilities. And in Bayway, we upgraded the FCC. We brought that on the new online last year. It's kind of met the yield structure that we're looking for in terms of a design basis. We've gotten a throughput through it. We've never really experienced the resiliency that we expected out of that unit. We had it up and down a couple of times in the third quarter. I think we've got a [ technical unit ] up and running now. But you're right, so circa probably $150-ish million of lost profit opportunities for us during the quarter.

Not an unusual question, Neil. I think we get that a lot. In fact, someone pointed out to me there's like 3 MLPs that have IDRs and we have 2 of them apparently. So I think that -- look, I think for PSXP, we understand that MLPs and IDRs have a life cycle. We also understand that from an investor perspective, they would prefer us to do something with the IDRs. I think that as we kind of think it through, and we've always kind of used the guardrails are , we have to do something that's -- it's accretive to unitholders and we don't really step on the unitholders, punish them, and we also do something that recognizes the value of the IDR to the PSX shareholder. So I think we'll thread that needle. One of the issues we've had is it's been a high-growth MLP. You think about the cost of capital where we sit today, it really hasn't impeded the growth of PSXP or executing of $1.2 billion of capital program at PSXP this year. So it really hasn't impeded on the ability to grow MLP. But we'll get to it, Neil. We'll get there at PSXP.

Yes. So I'll take a stab and Jeff or Kevin can come in and fill in. So you look at 2018, first half year really strong growth, slowing growth in the back half of '18. As we came into '19, we're expecting to grow albeit probably at a slower rate than what we experienced in 2018. Against the backdrop of 3 large cracker start-ups kind of in the U.S. in 2018 with the Dow cracker, the CPChem cracker and the ExxonMobil cracker. As we look at where we sit today, I think we're constructive of the economy for 2019 but certainly, the first quarter GDP results look good to us for the U.S. Europe is showing signs of life. I think the stimulus is working in Asia, albeit we need to resolve the tariff issue, which we think is sometime early this summer with China. But having said all that, we've got 2 more big crackers coming at us late this year into early next year. So I would say that maybe some more margin compression as we get in the back half of this year. But as you think out between now and 2023, there's more demand growth premise than there is supply additions coming on so we're constructive in terms of the margin outlook. So I would say good demand fundamentals in the petrochemicals business against the backdrop of some capacity coming on. And we continue to like the CPChem position of advantaged feedstocks in the Middle East and the U.S. Gulf Coast. So I don't know, Jeff or Kevin, you guys want to fill in on that, but...

Yes, I know that some of our peers have had a less-than-rosy outlook but say, their portfolios are different. They have more exposure in Europe and Asia than CPChem does. And so I still think CPChem is really well positioned from a portfolio standpoint.

Well, I think as you look at the different participants in the industry, the IMO itself, insurance companies, banks, the port announcement by the U.S. Coast Guard which you highlighted previously, the courts in China and Singapore are all expressing intentions to strictly enforce IMO on its current timetable. So I think the participants have been pretty consistent across the board. I think it's important to the IMO, the benefits to the environment that are associated with the IMO. When you look at marine fuel, it's about 4% of global demand yet it's about 90% of sulfur emissions. And so improving the environmental emissions is critical to the IMO. And I think all signs are that we're moving forward with timely implementation here. One other thing I would mention, the IMO has its main meeting coming up and the agenda items are really focused on implementation.

Yes, I'll start and then Jeff and Kevin can help me out. I think in Gray Oak, first of all, I mean, there's at least 3 pipelines kind of executing that same window. And so that has caused some of the escalations we've seen around right-of-way acquisition, certainly the competition for labor and that execution window was also pretty intense around that. We purchased -- prepurchased most of the pipe itself. And then on the facilities, we had some exposure on the facilities. And then I think as you look at the complexity of the project and execution of that project around the facilities itself and the routing of where they need to be, we probably underestimated some of the facility costs in that original cost estimate. We move and we look at the fracs, they're on schedule, they're within budget. And so we're just -- we're not seeing those same cost pressures around our refining or other Midstream projects. This seems to be just right around the Permian asset.

No, I think we're probably, in our estimation, maybe running a little bit behind in terms of moving prices globally. I think there's a lot of factors in there. I think the Chinese tariffs are definitely a weight on that. There's consultants out there who says we get the tariff resolved, there's probably $0.05 of uplift involved in that. When you think about China and some of the stimulus they've done, they reduced the VAT tax. And so a lot of the Chinese buyers just waited until that kicked in so we've seen some reduced activity around that. And then frankly, they're very astute buyers as long as we're in a falling crude price environment, they're waiting for it to bottom and apparently it's bottomed and we're heading back up. So I would say that as we sit here today, we're constructive about margins over the next couple of quarters. And then you add on layer on top of that potential start-ups in the fourth quarter this year or first quarter of next year, which could put a little kind of headwind in our face in terms of moving pricing. But I think we're constructive over the next couple of months in margins.

Well, on the frac side, we've got 2, 3 well into construction. We're in discussions about Frac 4 with customers, as I indicated in my opening comments. I'd say there's quite a bit of interest around that. We actually have air permits in hand to build a Frac 4  and if we can nail down the customers on the supply of the frac, which I think we'll probably get to this year, we'll probably FID a fourth frac there. Now on LPG export, I think that's probably a more challenging one for us. We've underperformed our own expectations on the LPG export. We've seen the dock fees come up as utilizations across the industry have come up and we've kind of been expecting that. And we're probably up, I don't know, 15%, 20% on the fee. Spot fees are up at around $0.10 today across the dock. So we've kind of, on a spot basis, broken into double digits. And I think at $0.10, you can justify a new investment. One of the issues we've got is we need to build out frac capacity to fill up that export facility. Today, we're running about 120 a day across the Frac 1, we're yielding maybe 40 a day of propane. So if we're running 200 a day across the dock, we're bringing the balance out of Mont Belvieu. That's not efficient so we'd want to match additional LPG export facility with frac capacity in the future. So we have no plans today other than we're looking at what it would take to debottleneck this facility. I mean, there's nothing firm in our plan today around the expansion of LPG export.

Jeff's EBITDA numbers were our share of CPChem's EBITDA, though. And I've always thought, give or take, $0.25 is a pretty good number for ethane to polyethylene full chain margin.

But the CapEx exposure for us is a couple of hundred million dollars at this point in time. And you ask a great question about how much CapEx everyone put at risk into a business that requires essentially a government mandate. And so I think we're -- you'll see us be kind of careful about that. Given the way things are structured now, the returns on these projects are very, very attractive. And so we think putting a couple of hundred million dollars to work in this area is certainly appropriate given our portfolio and particularly given our exposure of 300,000-plus barrels a day capacity on the West Coast of the U.S.

Yes, I would say a window is probably starting to open. When you kind of had spots around $0.06, we obviously didn't want a contract during that period of time. But as you start to push into double digits, I think that, that optimum window will open for us. We've had great success in moving the volumes out of the export facility and now we've got to work on the margin side.