Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today.
Adjusted earnings for the second quarter were $1.4 billion or $3.02 per share. We generated $1.9 billion of operating cash flow. We delivered solid operating performance and strong earnings during the quarter. Refining operated 97% utilization and captured favorable margins, driven by improved gasoline cracks. In midstream, growth projects completed over the past 2 years contributed to record segment earnings. 
During the quarter, we distributed $861 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We're dedicated to a secure, competitive and growing dividend, and this quarter, we increased the dividend by 12.5%. This is the ninth increase since our inception, resulting in a 25% compound annual growth rate.
Disciplined capital allocation remains fundamental to our strategy, and we know that it creates value for our shareholders. Our long-term objective is to reinvest 60% of our operating cash flow back into the business and return 40% to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We'll buy our shares back when we trade below intrinsic value and we're buying shares today. 
Consistent with our strategy, we're executing a robust portfolio of midstream growth projects with attractive returns. These new projects will provide us with continued future earnings growth. During the quarter, we announced joint ventures to construct the Liberty and Red Oak crude oil pipeline systems. These projects are backed by long-term volume commitments. The Liberty pipeline will provide transportation from the growing Rockies and Bakken production areas in Cushing, Oklahoma. Liberty will have access to the Gulf Coast via the Red Oak pipeline. We own a 50% interest and will construct and operate Liberty.
The Red Oak pipeline system will connect Cushing and the Permian Basin to multiple locations along the Gulf Coast, including Corpus Christi, Ingleside, Houston and Beaumont. We own a 50% interest and will operate Red Oak. Both pipelines are in supplemental open season, seeking additional commitments with limited remaining capacity. The pipelines are targeted to begin initial service in the first quarter of 2021.
Phillips 66 Partners continues to construct the Gray Oak Pipeline. The 900,000-barrel per day pipeline will transport crude oil from the Permian and Eagle Ford to the Texas Gulf Coast, including our Sweeny refinery. We received all major permits, acquired all right of way and installed 80% of the pipe. The project remains on track to start up in the fourth quarter this year. Phillips 66 Partners owns 42.25% interest in the joint venture. 
Gray Oak will connect with multiple refineries and export facilities in the Corpus Christi area, including the South Texas Gateway Terminal in which PSXP owns a 25% ownership. The terminal will have 2 deepwater marine docks, 7 million barrels of storage capacity and up to 800,000 barrels per day of throughput capacity. The terminal is expected to start up by mid-2020.
With Liberty, Red Oak, Gray Oak and our existing network of pipelines, we will serve all the key shale oil-producing regions with connectivity to the major Gulf Coast market centers. Our pipeline network is integrated with our Central Corridor and Gulf Coast refineries as well as our Beaumont and South Texas Gateway Export terminals. We believe this integration is a competitive advantage that further enhances the value across our portfolio.
We continue to expand the Sweeny Hub to meet increasing domestic NGL production and global market demand. We're moving forward with construction of a fourth fractionator that will have 150,000 barrels per day of capacity and is expected to cost approximately $500 million. Frac 4 is backed by customer commitments and is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2021. Construction of Fracs 2 and 3 is progressing well and we're on track to start up in the fourth quarter of 2020. Upon completion of Frac 4, the Sweeny Hub will have 550,000 barrels per day of fractionation capacity.
In connection with our expansion at the Sweeny Hub, PSXP is increasing storage capacity at Clemens Caverns from 9 million barrels to 15 million barrels. Completion of expansion is expected in the fourth quarter of 2020. Also at the Sweeny Hub, PSXP will construct a 16-inch ethane pipeline from Clemens Caverns to Gregory, Texas. The C2G pipeline will serve petrochemical customers in the Corpus Christi area. The pipeline will have 240,000 barrels per day of capacity and is expected to be complete in mid-2021.
In chemicals, CPChem is expanding its strategic partnership with Qatar Petroleum to develop petrochemical assets in the U.S. Gulf Coast and in Qatar. Pending final investment decisions, these projects will add world-scale ethylene and high-density polyethylene in advantaged feedstock locations with access to global markets. This further enhances CPChem's leading polyethylene position to supply the world's growing demand for polymers. 
In refining, Phillips 66 Partners recently completed construction of its 25,000-barrel per day isomerization unit at the Lake Charles refinery that will increase production of higher-octane gasoline blend components. This unit is expected to reach full production in the third quarter. At the Sweeny refinery, we're upgrading the FCC to increase production of higher-value petrochemical feedstocks and higher-octane gasoline. This project is on track to complete in the second quarter of 2020.
This morning, we announced the elimination of incentive distribution rights at PSXP. This transaction improves PSXP's cost of capital, simplifies its capital structure and further aligns the GP and LP economic interests. Our ownership in PSXP will increase to 75% after the transaction closes. We believe the transaction is attractive for both Phillips 66 shareholders and PSXP unitholders.
PSXP is a premier MLP and it remains a key component of our midstream growth strategy. So before I turn the call over to Kevin, we'd ask that you hold the date, November 6 for an Analyst and Investor Day we'll be hosting in New York City. 
With that, Kevin, you can go through the financials.

Great. Well, first of all, as a practice, we just don't comment on market rumors or speculation. And even outside of chemicals, when you step back and think across our entire portfolio, we followed an organic path over the last 7 years. Where we've done things inorganically has been on the asset side. And so think about the Beaumont Terminal or the River Parish or SCOOP/STACK or Plains. So we have been opportunistic on the inorganic side from time to time. For us, anything we would do inorganically would have to eventually compete with the returns we can generate on the organic side. As you read the report this morning, we have a really strong portfolio of organic opportunities. And so I'll just leave it at that. I think we're like everyone, we look at everything that's out there. We struggle to find things that we think that are accretive to returns but we'll continue to look.

Well, I would start. We're a net buyer of ethane at CPChem. So I mean low ethane prices definitely benefit our chemicals business. The lower propane prices, given our export position and the strong arcs we're seeing particularly to Asia today, that's a benefit for us on the LPG export side. There is impacted DCP across the DCP portfolio to lower NGL prices. So -- but on balance, we have offsetting across the portfolio.

Well, I mean we start with partnering, see these big pipes. We've got partners in these pipes, strong partners. Secondly, when you look at the volume commitments, throughput commitments, these are 7- to 10-year commitments with strong investment-grade parties. And so that's the way we try to mitigate the risk, Doug.

Yes. I'll just start at a high level, Phil. We recycle cash. We moved from kind of $4 billion to $5 billion to $6 billion to $7 billion. So if you just take the low end of the range at $6 billion and 60% reinvested, you're kind of a $3.6 billion capital budget. So I think that we're going to live within that in any given year, we could probably on balance above or below that. Certainly, you've seen in the past where we didn't have investable opportunities, we pull CapEx way down. 
We like the suite of projects that we have. They're all very attractive returns and we think build value across the portfolio. So just from that standpoint, I think we're consistent with what we've been saying for the past 7 years in terms of kind of the 60-40 investment return to shareholders kind of paradigm that we've been in. And we're comfortable with that. We think it's about right for the company. 
As we talked in the -- and in Doug's question, we tried to mitigate the risk on these projects certainly by taking on partners, looking at volume commitments with good counterparties on the other end of that. Kevin will speak to the project financing. That's another way we use to de-risk these projects. So on balance, I think we're positive about the organic profile that we have. We're positive about the cash generation of the company. We still think that the first dollar cash we generate is going to go to sustaining capital as $1 billion a year. Second dollar is going to go to our dividend as $1.6 billion. And then we have options but certainly, we can be within $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion in terms of our growth to $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion in terms of our share repurchases. And we can make that all fit within the existing cash flow. And Kevin, I'll let you talk to the project financing.

Well, if you just kind of look at averages kind of 12 to 18. Refining is about $4 billion of EBITDA, our Midstream business is now about $2 billion. Our Marketing and Specialties at $1.4 billion. Our distributions from CPChem about $1.2 billion. So when you think about $800 million of corporate and interest and then $1 billion or so of taxes, that gets you to kind of that $6.5 billion of cash flow that we've been talking about. 
So that's kind of how we think about the portfolio. Certainly, we've made investments in the Refining business but they've been quick payout kind of lower capital items that we've chosen to invest in. For instance, upgrading the FCCs, upgrading our billings of vacuum tower. And though we generated a couple of hundred million dollars of EBITDA on our Refining business through these investments. And we still have, probably in the next 3 years, another $300 million to $400 million of EBITDA coming our way from the investments we're making in Refining. 
On the Midstream side, if you want to look all the way through 2021, there's probably $800 million to $900 million of EBITDA coming in on the Midstream business. So the strategy around growing our Midstream, growing our Chemicals business and investing smartly in our Refining business has been the strategy over the last 7 years and we're really not departing from that. I don't know, Jeff, if you want to comment on the topic. Jeff give me an A on that. That was a good summary. Go ahead.

Yes, if you're excluding our Marketing and Specialties business from Refining, I think that's probably a true statement.

So I think in terms of the export facility in the frac, both are running at well above design rates. We're kind of at 200,000 barrels a day across the dock. We've got strong arbs in Asia and we had lower propane prices. So that's driven arbs and profitability. We've seen dock fees bottom in the kind of the $0.05 to $0.06 range a couple of years ago, and they were up in the kind of the low double digits in the second quarter. 
So we kind of had the, if you will, the Sweeny Hub running -- approaching kind of a $300 million annualized EBITDA run rate, which is at the low end of what we had thought when we approved the project. We thought there will be some room to play the arb above that and so we had numbers out there as much as $500 million. So we're still underperforming our expectations there, but certainly, this is probably the best quarter we've ever had across the frac and the LPG export facility. There is some capacity coming on later this year and next year, but there's also another 1.4 million frac capacity coming on. And so our view is that the docks are going to be quite active over the next couple of years, needing to clear the propane to the export markets.

You'll just have to come to find out, Roger.

You're talking about the strategic partnership with Qatar on the Gulf Coast?

It was just -- I think it was an opportunity to do 2 projects and by partnering with a great partner that we've had a long relationship with, we're able to reduce risk, right? And to share in 2 projects versus doing 1. And we just -- we like the balance of risk from that investment opportunity that was given to us. So rather than picking one or the other, we found a way to do them both.

I think certainly, there's been many pipelines constructed without an issue. And I think that you get out early and you work with all constituents along the route. You pick the best group to go there and so that's what our company does. We'll be obviously executing on Liberty, Plains, likely be executing on Red Oak in terms of the construction. On Gray Oak, I think that the guys doing that did a great job in terms of we're 80% pipes in the ground, it was really -- had no major issues there along that right of way. So we're expecting that these will be executed well and we'll deal with the issues if they come up when they come up. But I think part of it is just being -- living our values every day and working with safety on our commitment in mind with all the folks in all positions along the right-of-way areas but we believe we'll get it done.

I guess this is the next step in the evolution of the MLP. Thinking back over the past 18 months, I don't think I've had a conversation with investors when they haven't encouraged us to do something with the IDRs. And just from a simplification standpoint structure, cost of capital, et cetera, even though we haven't gone to the equity markets since 2017. But if you think about for an LP investor, if we do a 10% return project at PSXP, you're effectively getting a 5% return. And so it does impact cost of capital even organic for our LP unitholders. And so we just need to restructure that. 
It's -- we're trading at 6% to 7% yield and that's kind of 15x multiple and to the sum of the parts at PSX. We're going to be incented to grow the master limited partnership to the extent that it can. And as you can see, we're executing essentially $1.3 billion worth of projects today in this year, of course, with a project financing that gets cut down towards $700 million in terms of cash out the door. But still, we'll put as much growth as we can into PSXP as long as it makes sense and the multiples would incent us to do that.

Well, I think that you kind of look at CPChem's portfolio if you want to think about performance relative to the peers, so assets primarily in the Middle East and in the U.S., assets that are primarily LPG or ethane-based. And so those margins have certainly been very good relative to, say, naphtha crackers in Asia or Europe. So it's really the geographic base of the assets. CPChem ran well certainly during the quarter, that always helps. 
In ethane, I can't give you a forecast on the pricing for ethane because it will be wrong. But I would say is we still think there are 600,000, 700,000 barrels a day of ethane rejection. Today, we got 1.4 million barrels a day of frac capacity coming on this year and next year. So there will be more ethane available. You also have some projects in startup mode although some of them are probably slower than what people have thought. And so we'll just have to put all the together but our view is that ethane is going to be available out into the next few years. Ethane is going to be attractively priced relative to the heavier feeds globally and that the Middle East and the U.S. Gulf Coast assets will be very, very competitive on the global stage.

Yes. So we have one of the smaller ethylene units at Sweeny shut down today. So I'd tell you, we get to mid-90s on operates. So our intent would be to bring that unit back up at the appropriate time. Certainly, CPChem has the bottleneck opportunities to take care of some of that length out in the future, and they have plans on deck to make investments and in terms of the debottlenecks around that olefins, polyolefins, alpha olefins chain that CPChem has today. So we don't look at the length as a big issue. There are some spot sales or contractual sales, I should say, in the ethylene business from CPChem. But primarily, our strategy has been to pair the derivatives with the ethylene capacity over the long term.