Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Adjusted earnings for the first quarter were $512 million or $1.04 per share. We generated $1.3 billion in operating cash flow, excluding working capital. 
Our solid earnings reflect the benefit of our diversified portfolio, and we have seen positive impacts from U.S. tax reform. Our strategy is designed to generate long-term value for our shareholders, and our employees are executing the strategy well. 
We've achieved significant growth milestones and completed return-enhancing projects. We're developing new projects with attractive returns that complement our strategy. And by doing all of this well, we can continue to reward our shareholders with solid distributions. 
During the quarter, we bought back 35 million of our shares in a single transaction and continued with our share repurchase program. All in, we returned $3.8 billion to shareholders. Since our company's formation in 2012, we've returned over $20 billion through dividends, share repurchases and share exchanges. To put this in perspective, our market cap at inception was $20 billion. Today, our market cap is over $50 billion. We've repurchased -- exchanged close to 30% of our shares outstanding at the time of the spin. 
CPChem started up its new cracker at Cedar Bayou, which is one of the largest and most energy-efficient crackers in the world. This milestone caps the completion of its U.S. Gulf Coast Petrochemicals Project. The cracker reached full design rates in April. CPChem also operated well during the quarter and has fully recovered from the hurricane downtime at Cedar Bayou. With major capital spending now complete and contributions from the new petrochemicals project, we expect increased distributions from our Chemicals joint venture. 
In Midstream, Phillips 66 Partners recently announced that it will proceed with the construction of the Gray Oak Pipeline system. The pipeline will provide crude oil transportation from the Permian Basin to Gulf Coast destinations, including our Sweeny refinery. An extension to open season is underway and will determine the ultimate scope and capacity of the pipeline, which could be up to 700,000 barrels per day or more. Assuming the pipeline is fully subscribed, the capacity could be expanded to about 1 million barrels per day. The pipeline is backed by long-term take-or-pay commitments with primarily investment-grade customers and is expected to be complete by the end of 2019. Phillips 66 Partners will be the largest equity owner in this joint venture project. 
Construction continues on the Bayou Bridge Pipeline extension from Lake Charles to St. James, Louisiana. Commercial operations are expected to begin in the fourth quarter of 2018. The existing segment of the line from our Beaumont Terminal to Lake Charles is operating well and is providing crude optionality to our Lake Charles refinery. PSXP has a 40% ownership in Bayou Bridge. 
Phillips 66 continues to expand the Beaumont Terminal, where we are adding 3.5 million barrels of fully contracted crude oil storage. This project will bring our total crude and product storage capacity at Beaumont to 14.6 million barrels by year-end. 
The Sand Hills pipeline capacity was close to 400,000 barrels per day at the end of the first quarter. Further capacity expansion to over 450,000 barrels a day is anticipated in the second half of 2018. The pipeline transports natural gas liquids from the Permian Basin to the Gulf Coast of Texas and is owned 2/3 by DCP and 1/3 by Phillips 66 Partners.
DCP continues to progress construction of 2 200 million cubic feet per day gas processing plants in the high-growth DJ Basin. The Mewbourn 3 plant is expected to start up in the third quarter of 2018, and the O'Connor 2 plant is scheduled for completion in mid-2019.
DCP is also participating in the Gulf Coast Express Pipeline project, in which it holds a 25% interest. The pipeline will provide an outlet for natural gas production in the Permian Basin to markets along the Texas Gulf Coast. The pipeline has a total design capacity of approximately 2 billion cubic feet per day and is nearly fully subscribed. The pipeline is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2019. 
In Refining, we recently completed FCC unit modernization projects at the Bayway and Wood River refineries. At both facilities, we replaced the FCC reactor system with state-of-the-art technology. The projects were completed on time and on budget. Units have been operating as planned, and early operating data is showing an increased yield of high-value clean products as premised. 
At the Lake Charles refinery, we completed crude unit modifications to run more domestic crudes, which improves our supply optionality. Additional improvements are planned to be completed in the fourth quarter. 
Finally, we're very honored that 4 of our refineries were recently recognized by the AFPM for excellent safety performance in 2017. Our Bayway Refinery received the Distinguished Safety Award, which is the highest annual safety award given by our industry. The Sweeny, Alliance and Wood River refineries were also recognized for their top-tier safety excellence. 
I'm very proud of the people at Phillips 66 and their strong commitment to our safety culture. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Kevin to review the financials.

Neil, I think we're consistent with the guidance around the $2.3 billion. I think that we were a little light in the first quarter and we knew we were going to be when we put the plan in place. But $2.3 billion is still a good guidance for us this year.

Yes, I think we'll stick with our guidance of $1 billion to $2 billion of share repurchases in 2018. We may skew towards the lower end of the range given what we've done in the first quarter, Blake. But yes, we'll still be buying shares. We're buying today.

Well, I mean, first of all, it was a great start-up. I think it's one of the better starts-ups we've had in the last few that we've executed. So kudos to the CPChem folks for doing a great job getting that cracker up and running at full rates. The derivatives were up in the fourth quarter last year. Dow's up, and so we've been up since, really, the fourth quarter. And the market -- so the market-facing element of those projects are out there in the markets. And you look at kind of the full-chain margin, which is what we really care about, what's that spread between ethane and say, polyethylene, and particularly, high-density polyethylene. And as you said, those margins are pretty similar. So we've been able to move the products into the markets without a really detrimental effect on the margins at this point in time, the chain margin. And I think that really speaks to the demand that we're seeing out there. We're seeing good fundamental demand growth in North America, Europe, Asia for petrochemicals, but specifically, for polyethylene. You got ExxonMobil coming up later this year. Then you have 2 crackers coming up in '19. And what's happened, we thought these crackers are all going to hit in 2017. That just didn't happen. And so they're getting spaced out, and the market's been able to absorb these volumes that are coming on, coupled with good demand growth globally. And so as we start thinking about that next cracker, we like what we see in terms of the NGL supply. Increase in NGL is coming, particularly out of the Permian, but from the U.S. Gulf Coast is a good place to build. The next cracker, we believe, we're still kind of 2019 probably for an FID on that facility.

No, we weren't short ethylene. We had ethylene inventory, and there was plenty of ethylene available in the industry. And I think that's what you're seeing in terms of just the ethylene margin itself.

Well, I think I'll start. As you know, NGLs have certainly recovered versus, say, a year ago, in terms of pricing and that. First quarter volumes were seasonally -- they were lower than the fourth quarter or third quarter, but that's just seasonal, weather-related impacts, particularly around the NGL side for us. You have the Sweeny Hub that's performing, albeit not at the level that we would expect. If you take the first quarter hub and you kind of annualize those results, we get to, say, $130 million, $140 million of annualized EBITDA out of the hub. We've laid in the plan. As we've said previously, $150 million of EBITDA for the hub this year. And that's against an expectation of kind of $300 million or $400 million without the arb. So I think that, that asset still has room to go. And as we look at the NGLs that are coming at us out of the Permian this year, we do think that the fees across the dock are going to go up as we get in the back half of this year and certainly into next year. So we'll see continued improvement there. We certainly have the new pipes. DAPL is on. Bayou Bridge is on. So a lot of it is around the new assets that we've been bringing on, Roger, that have been driving this.

So I'd answer the question this way, we're ever hopeful. So I hope we'll see some RINs reform. I'm just not sure we're going to get there. There's a lot of good work that's going on, AFPM, API. Management teams are in Washington talking to Congress about potential reform. Our view is that it's broke, the system's broke, we need to fix it. And so we'll see. But I don't hold a lot of hope for 2018. Now some of my friends in the business are a lot more optimistic than I am, that we'll get something done in 2018. I guess the other impact that you're seeing is these small refinery exemptions, and that has certainly had an impact on the RINs prices. And so we'll continue to follow it, we'll continue to work it and continuing to be hopeful we get to a resolution there.

Yes, so 2 parts. First part is really can't comment. We're in an extension of open season. And the actual volumes that we end up with will dictate the size of the pipe, the actual capital cost. You should expect that, I would say, 45 to 60 days, we'll get this wrapped. And then we'll come back and we'll tell you what the capital cost is going to be on the line. We started at kind of a 3 80 in the open season. I would just tell you, we obviously did -- got more interest than that, and that really kind of encouraged us to move on with the extension of the open season. So I think we're really optimistic on the line and where the ultimate capacity lands on that line. And then just as you think about the decision of where to place it, we've always said we want to execute as many of the organic projects as we can at PSXP. And given this pipeline, we have increased the budget of PSXP for this year, and Gray Oak's part of the reason we increased that. But you shouldn't look that, that increases the total cost of the pipeline, if you want to think about it that way. So anyway, I think that Gray Oak is a great opportunity for our company. It's certainly a great opportunity for Phillips 66 Partners. And we'll continue to make decisions about where do we place these projects, either at PSX or PSXP obviously. But we'll continue to put as much as we can to PSXP and execute as much organic growth as we can at the MLP. And that's very consistent with what we've been saying for the past couple of years.

Yes, I still think that if you think we're kind of a $5 billion to $6 billion of cash at mid-cycle generation, we can report a, first, $1 billion sustaining capital. The dividend's $1.4 billion. That gives you a lot of room to grow the dividend, but also execute a $1 billion to $2 billion growth program and a $1 billion to $2 billion share repurchase program. And so that's how we continue to think about it at mid-cycle. Certainly, as these new projects come on and we're going to add another $1 billion to $1.5 billion of EBITDA, that increases our capability to fund or reinvest in the company. But we'll -- we're sticking with the 60-40 guidance. It's going to be really hard to hit that this year because we're already at 3 8 distributions against the $2.3 million capital budget. And we just don't see ourselves really materially changing the capital guidance at this point in time in the year. So we will be heavy on the distribution side in '18. But long term, we do like that 60-40 mix.

No, I wouldn't say we are -- well, first of all, on share repurchase, it's all intrinsic value. And as we've said, we're using historical multiples, in our view of EBITDA, essentially kind of 2 years out. And as long as shares are trading below that, we're going to be buying shares. When you think about the dividend, to Kevin's point, secure, growing, I think investors need to see that we have runway to continue to grow the dividend, and we want to grow the dividend every year. We think it needs to be competitive. So we look around at kind of what's S&P 200 yield, what's the yields of our competitors. And so we make sure we've got a very competitive dividend in the group. And so we'll always grow the dividend, but we'll grow it within those parameters. And to the extent that we're balancing between reinvestment and share repurchase, we'll buy the shares then.

So we're looking at dividends per share in terms of gain. Yes.

Yes. I -- my own personal view, and Jeff can jump in on this, if he has a different one, is that this is -- I don't know if it's going to be short-lived. I think within a couple of years, you'll see that actually competed away.

Yes, I think you'll see continued investment in Asia in Refining capacity. That's a big fuel market, obviously. Yes, I suspect there will be continued discipline. We don't plan to make big investments really to swing the portfolio. I think we've got plenty of capabilities as we sit today. There may be small things that we do along the way, but I just -- it's just this industry, we just have a long history of being able to compete away really good margins. And whether it's $5 to $15 on the distillate crack, yes, I don't know what that's going to be. I'll probably be on the low end of that one for a couple of years. But this -- I think you're in a time -- certainly, '19, '20, we're going to really like the Refining business and the margins and the cash that's coming off this business. But you get out another 3 or 4 years, it gets really hard to forecast.

I guess the other thing, longer-term too in terms of newbuilds in the shipping industry, if you're really at the high end of the range, I think people have to start thinking about LNG and other options too. So I mean, these things always come into balance by many factors really working on that equation. It's not just going to be Refining capacity. It's going to be the choices of the ship owners. And so we'll see where does it go.

Well, from our perspective, it's -- $300 million a year, give or take, is what we've been investing in Refining to either improve yields or to access more advantaged crude one way or the other. I think the other part of the equation that we haven't talked about today, and we could have touched on it in our gas discussion, but I think we're going to move to our higher-octane fuel. And so I think that over a period of, whatever, 10 or 12, 15 years, whatever it takes, you will see the industry invest to make a higher-octane fuel, assuming that gets done here in the next year or so. So I think there will be investable opportunities for refiners and for PSX that are, what I would say, not multibillion-dollar investments, but solid high-returning projects for us. And so we'll always do that. The industry itself seems to have the ability. Every time we do a turnaround, we replace an exchanger that was a bottleneck for us or whatever, and we can creep 1% or 2% a year. I think you'll continue to see that happen in the industry as we move forward. So I think it will be a combination of specific investments that people want to make to address a yield or advantaged crude. And then you just see the general creep that we tend to have in industry.

Well, and certainly, it's a joint decision between the owners of CPChem. And I think we have to have an agreed view of when the appropriate time that cracker is. At the CPChem level, we're thinking about how do we move our products into the market in the most efficient manner. And we're the world's largest producer of high-density polyethylene, and these projects are generally geared towards that, although we've added quite a bit of NAO capacity over the past couple of years also. So we're thinking about how do we efficiently move these products into the market. And so that's one thing we think about in terms of the timing decision. Obviously, NGL supply, feedstock supply, those factor into those decisions of where you're going to build it and what are you going to build, ethane or some LPG cracker. And so I think that there's kind of multiple decision points that we go through when we're thinking about the timing on the cracker. One of the things we wanted to make sure, that there were some daylight in between when this Gulf Coast cracker project one came up and when we would do the second one. And so you kind of think of coming up in '18 and having most of '19, it seems like appropriate timing to us in terms of FID in late '19 and really get started in earnest in '20 and '21 on the construction.

Paul, I think one thing that hasn't changed was really how our view that we want to maintain a strong investment-grade rating. And so I think that really comes into play. We've always said around 30% debt to cap. We're probably 31% or so today, so we're probably over that. But we've used the 30% as kind of a proxy of a strong investment-grade rating. As we look at the debt and the capacity that we have today, we're comfortable with this level of debt at the company. And as we said, we've got strong investment-grade ratings today.

Well, from an EBITDA basis, kind of at today's margins, at the CPChem level, kind of $1 billion to $1.2 billion, Paul. So $500 million to $600 million of EBITDA back to us is an easy way to think about that.

No. That's the full chain margin.

Yes, but -- first of all, we were in start-up, right, in the fourth quarter of last year. We were using ethylene that's either be inventoried or purchased, and so you really didn't get the full impact of the new cracker being up. So the new cracker is probably our lowest increment of cost as we think about our value chain and the other crackers in our system. And so I think the $1.2 billion is a good number if you want to think about this year.

Annualized.

Right.