Thanks, Jeff. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. In the second quarter, we had adjusted earnings of $329 million. We generated operating cash flow of $1.7 billion. Excluding working capital, operating cash flow was $910 million. With the benefit of our diversified portfolio, we generated cash flow in excess of capital spending and dividends during the quarter. We returned $394 million to shareholders through dividends in the quarter. Since we formed as a company, we've returned over $28 billion to shareholders. A secure competitive dividend will continue to be a top priority for our company. We anticipate a return to dividend growth as cash flow recovers.
We're committed to disciplined capital allocation, focusing on debt repayment in the near term to support a conservative balance sheet, and maintain our strong investment-grade credit ratings. In July, the Phillips 66 Board of Directors appointed Denise Cade and Doug Terreson to serve as independent directors. We continue to work on Board refreshment, recognizing the value, diversity in terms of gender, age, race, ethnicity, tenure, professional experiences and perspectives. 
We'd like to highlight our recent 2021 sustainability report that can be accessed on our website. We think it's one of our best points yet. Our commitment to sustainability is based on operating excellence, environmental stewardship, social responsibility and financial performance led by strong corporate governance. We expanded our commitment to environmental responsibility, setting goal for all of our refineries to achieve top third energy efficiency by 2030. We modified our compensation program to add additional environmental goals. As previously communicated, we will establish meaningful and achievable greenhouse gas emission reduction targets later this year. 
So with that, I'll turn the call over to Mark to provide some additional comments.

Brian, do you want to comment on what we're seeing today in the market?

Roger, I think when I think about kind of Q2 and maybe Q1, we've had quite a bit of planned and unplanned FCC downtime this year. So if you look at our yields relative to historical years, we're probably down 2%. And so we're just simply going to run better in the third quarter and fourth quarter. I think, Bob, said if things tuned up that we're ready to do that. So I think that's one of the things that we're focusing on right now also.

Yes. Doug, actually Bob will like to...

Yes. No, I think in 2019, we laid out kind of a $4 billion EBITDA number. And at that time was kind of a [ 12 to 19 ] average EBITDA for our Refining business. I don't think we're ready to sound to retreat yet on mid-cycle on Refining. So it's been -- if you go back -- all the way back to the first quarter of 2020, that's the last time we actually made money as a company. So it's been a long haul as we've kind of come through this. There's no question. There's been a lot of stress. I put on a lot of companies in our industry. 
But I think we're constructive, particularly as we come in the back half of the year around demand. This has been a story of vaccinations, efficiency, lockdowns and people trying to get back to someone to normal, and that all translates strictly into the demand that we see for our products. And there's still a question, I think the U.S. is probably led in terms of demand recovery through this cycle. And so we've seen the impacts of Europe coming to the U.S. We've seen the impacts of not being able to export as much as we'd like to, to South America and places. 
And so I think as the world returns to normal, we've got a good shot at getting back to something that looks more like a mid-cycle. I think we said on the last call, we really need to see that 3:2:1 crack on a RIN adjusted basis get back to about $12. And then I think we'll see the appropriate kind of market captures around that to be able to generate something around $4 billion. 
Jeff, I don't know if you've got -- you want to add anything on that, but...

Yes. I think it's important. I think overriding, we do want to protect the BBB+ A3 rating. So we think a lot about that. And I think our milepost is starting to approach midcycle earnings for our company. As you know, $6 billion to $7 billion of cash flow at mid-cycle. And that gives us plenty of cover to do the things we need to do. I think we've said in previous calls, we kind of expect CapEx for the next couple years to be $2 billion or less. 
And so you think in the context of $6 billion to $7 billion of cash flow at a total capital program of $2 billion and $1.6 billion dividend, then I think we'll have plenty of room to do the things we want to do around bringing the balance sheet into order, thinking about capital return to our shareholders, the dividend increases and share repurchases.

Paul, I might just come in and just say, I mean, we're never done on the controllable cost side of our business. There's more work we've got to do in terms of continuing to address cost. That's what you do in a commodity business. When I look at the controllable costs through the first 6 months this year relative to the first 6 months of last year, we're up about $300 million. Almost all that synergy cost in Q1. And so if you adjust for the energy component, we're kind of holding the cost savings we were able to achieve last year. But that's not good enough. There's a bit more work for us to do on the controllable cost side of it. So hopefully, you've got all those questions answered.