Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Before addressing the quarter, we want to comment on the current environment. First and foremost, our focus continues to be on the well-being of our employees and their families, our communities, maintaining safe and reliable operations and ensuring the financial and operational strength of our company. Our business is essential, and we're focused on providing critical energy products and services for our customers. The safety and health of our workforce is our top priority. Phillips 66 has implemented appropriate steps to protect our workforce that are consistent with CDC, national, state and local directives. We've limited our operating facilities to business-critical staff and implemented strict protocols to prevent introduction and spread for the coronavirus. 
In our Houston and Bartlesville offices, over 95% of our employees are working remotely. Our employees have stepped up to the challenge during these unprecedented times and are adopting new ways of working to ensure business continuity. 
Our plan today for our company, we have them in place to ensure a safe return to our normal operations. We contributed $3 million to COVID-19 relief efforts in the communities where we live and operate. The funds will provide essential support for first responders, food banks, health care and other critical organizations serving vulnerable populations. We recently announced actions in response to the challenging business environment. We're focused on conserving cash and maintaining strong liquidity to manage through this unprecedented down cycle. We secured a $2 billion term loan facility and issued $1 billion of senior unsecured notes.
We suspended share repurchases in March. We've taken action to reduce costs by $500 million this year. The organization is doing a great job of identifying opportunities and efficiencies, and we're leveraging our AdvantEdge66 initiatives to achieve these cost savings. We're reducing consolidated capital spending by $700 million. This reduction will be partly offset by $400 million increase, as DCP Midstream will not be exercising its option to participate in Sweeny Fracs 2 and 3 this year. At Midstream, we've deferred the Red Oak pipeline and Sweeny Frac 4 projects. Phillips 66 partners has also deferred Liberty pipeline and postponed its final investment decision on the Ace pipeline. In refining, we're deferring and canceling certain discretionary projects. We continue to fund sustaining capital to ensure safe and reliable operations and we're executing the in-flight projects that are near completion. We deferred some turnarounds until later this year and also into 2021. We reduced refinery runs across the system in response to lower product demand and margins. In April, our proved capacity utilization was in the high 60% range. 
These steps provide additional liquidity and flexibility as we navigate this global crisis. By doing so, we're protecting the company, the security of the dividend and our strong investment-grade credit rating. We remain focused on disciplined capital allocation and creating long-term value for our shareholders. In the first quarter, total adjusted earnings were $450 million or $1.02 per share. We generated $217 million of operating cash flow or $736 million, excluding working capital. We returned $839 million to our shareholders.
During the quarter, we achieved strong safety performance. We continue to strive toward a zero incident, zero accident workplace. We're executing our strategy and progressing major growth projects. The Gray Oak Pipeline commenced full operations of West Texas service on April 1. And more recently, the Eagle Ford segment of the pipeline started operations, marking completion of the project. At the Beaumont Terminal, we added 2.2 million barrels of fully contracted crude oil storage, increasing the terminal's total crude and product storage capacity to 16.8 million barrels. 
We continue to advance midstream growth projects scheduled for completion this year, including Sweeny Fracs 2 and 3, Beaumont 0.4 as well as PSXP's Clemens Caverns expansion and the South Texas Gateway Terminal. These projects are progressing well as planned. 
In chemicals, CPChem and Qatar Petroleum are jointly pursuing development of petrochemical facilities on the U.S. Gulf Coast and in Qatar. CPChem continued front-end engineering design for its U.S. Gulf Coast project and advanced joint venture discussions with its partner. CPChem has deferred a final investment decision on the Gulf Coast project. 
In refining, we completed the FCC unit upgrade at the Sweeny refinery to increase production of higher-value petrochemical products and higher-octane gasoline. The project was completed on time and within budget. In marketing, our West Coast retail joint venture is expected to close on the acquisition of approximately 100 sites in the second quarter of 2020, as previously announced. The joint venture enables increased long-term placement of our refinery production and increases exposure to retail margins. 
In closing, we're honored that 5 of our refineries were recently recognized by AFPM for their 2019 safety performance. Our Ferndale, Santa Maria, Borger, Lake Charles and Bayway refineries received distinguished safety awards. This is the highest annual safety award in our industry and the fourth year in a row that our refineries have received this honor. AFPM also recognized CPChem's Borger, Conroe, Orange and Port Arthur facilities for exemplary 2019 safety performance. So congratulations to all those facilities, we're proud of you. Really well done. 
And with that, I'm going to turn the call over to Kevin to go through the financials.

Brian?

Thanks, Neil. Certainly, marketing speaks to the benefit of diversity in our portfolio. And as you might know, in Europe, where we had very, very strong margins, we have -- 80% of our stores in Western Europe are retail-owned -- company-owned stores. So we get the benefit of the retail margin in that segment. And the retail margin was very, very strong. 
I'll say, for the first quarter until about mid-March when COVID hit, we were running above volumes, budget volumes. And when COVID hit, we came off. But for the quarter, probably about 90% of volumes, but margins, 2 to 3x what we had budgeted for margins. So very, very strong margins, typical of falling flat price. So really did a good job there. And in the U.S., where most of our stores are jobber-owned or wholesale-owned stores, still decent volumes in the U.S., margin is not as good as overseas but we had good margins in the U.S., too, with falling prices.

Sure. Thanks, Doug. Well, this is 40 years for me in the business. This is my first global pandemic but I've been through several economic crises. So -- and what I always tell people is that single point in time forecast in the middle of the crisis are always dangerous and often wrong. And that was true if crude was $100 and crude is $20. And we always view our business through the lens of mid-cycle, Doug. We think that's the appropriate way to do it. We've had this 60-40 allocation framework, 60% kind of reinvest it back in our business and 40% return to shareholders. We still think that's a good framework. Obviously, there's times when you're going to be on other side of that. And like in the current crisis, liquidity is king. You've seen us take the steps to defend liquidity. But the real purpose of that is protect investment-grade credit rating and protect the dividend as we go through that. But we're going to come out of this on the other side of this. 
As I -- so as I think about $6 billion to $7 billion of cash flow at mid-cycle, and I acknowledge we're certainly not mid-cycle today, but we always start with the sustaining capital. That's the first dollar, that's $1 billion a year. And our dividend's second at $1.6 billion. And then we've kind of guided to $1 billion to $2.5 billion of share repurchase, $1 billion to $2.5 billion of growth capital. But as I look at all the CapEx cuts that I'm seeing in the Upstream business, 30% in that range or higher for some, I think that the Midstream investable opportunities are going to be challenged in 2021. And so while we're a long way to December when we would normally set our capital budget, today, I would tell you, we would probably guide to the low end of that, and just in terms of the organic investable opportunities that meet our hurdle rates.
And then as you think about that, if we're -- we think as we get into 2021, we're back towards more mid-cycle conditions for the most part in terms of Refining margins, Chemical margins, et cetera. So cash, certainly, generation will improve. So we'll probably pay down some debt, have the opportunity to restart the share repurchase program. As I think about the dividend today at $1.6 billion, it's very affordable for us.
In our normal cycle, we would look at probably increasing the dividend at kind of midyear, and this is certainly the prerogative of the Board. But as you think about we're 3x the 10-year average dividend yield of S&P 100, I don't think there's a necessity for us to do something immediately. As we get in the back half of the year, we'll have a lot of opportunities to think about what do we do with the dividend in terms of increasing it in the back half. 
To your question around M&A or acquisitions, so first point is never try to catch a falling knife, obviously. And as I think about PSX and how we're positioned, great diverse portfolio, strong balance sheet, we're well positioned to do what we need to do. The best thing is we don't have to do anything on the M&A front. We have great opportunities to create value for our shareholders. So we can be highly selective. There's a lot of examples out there today of folks who have done the M&A side of it, and it's really hard to create value doing that. And so while I do think that there will be consolidation that comes, both in Upstream and Midstream through the balance of this year and into 2021, just given the stress levels that people have, so there could be opportunity just to pick up assets, if not even whole companies. And so I think you'll see us look at everything, but we'll be very, very careful and very selective about what we might do, Doug.

Yes.

Yes. Let me just make some overarching comments and then Brian or Jeff can come in. I actually think that if you think about the energy space and energy sector, Doug, I actually think refining may well lead that space out of this. And I suspect, in the U.S., it's going to be around gasoline. People have been cooped up, they want to drive. I think they're going to be reluctant to go get in the middle seat on an airplane at first. And I think that will come. We saw that certainly after 9/11, and people, it took a while to get back in the space. 
But I think being in quarantine and being cooped up and just going crazy in the house, people are going to want to get out. And that should actually bring gasoline back pretty good. And indeed, we've seen gasoline fracs move up, not quite on parity with distillate. But then as the company starts to pick up, my view is that digital demand, it's also going to pick up as we get the economy moving again. And so I mean the real answer to the dilemma that we're facing today and energy impact for many companies, is we've got to get demand going again. 
So Brian or Jeff, if you want to comment on top of that, please do.

Maybe I'll -- I mean, first of all, the margins will lead us where we'll go, Doug. I mean, it will tell us where we need to increase rates or not. You just -- you want to just increase rates to increase rates, I think. 
Maybe it'd be good, Bob, if you -- we've really prepared the refineries to bring them back if we need to. And you may want to talk a little bit about that, and then I'll let Jeff come in over the top and then talk. But Bob, if you would?

Yes. I think you kind of just start with a geographically diverse sales mix for CPChem and the fact that the high-density products that they make go into more consumer type markets. A lot of the chemical peers have a lot more exposure in automotive and automotive has been hit really hard. But if you think about detergent bottles and bleach bottles and hand sanitizer bottles, those things are flying off the shelf, and those are the kinds of things that CPChem makes. And then you're seeing a resurgence of disposable packaging as communities ban reusable bags and go back to the disposable bags. And so I mean that's been it. And I think that one of the things we've seen is really strong demand across all segments of all geographies. So good demand in Asia, good demand in Europe and good demand in the U.S. So it's really product portfolio-driven.

Yes. So first of all, there's no question as crude prices have come down, that spread between, let's say, natural gas and crude has certainly diminished for LPG crackers such as CPChem, and that's true, Middle East or U.S. Gulf Coast. I would also say $20 crude is not sustainable in our view, and we think crude will ultimately normalize, and then we'll see that spread opportunity capture come back to us. And today, our view is there's certainly sufficient NGLs to crack. But when you look at the cracks play today, naphtha is pretty competitive in that crack space. C5, C4s are very competitive in that crack space.
One of the things that we're seeing in Chemicals today, though, that's unusual is given the automotive downturn, we're not consuming tires. And so making the butadiene go away is becoming a bigger and bigger issue. And as you know, naphtha makes a lot of coproducts, which butadiene is one of them. And so industry is looking -- the tanks are full, industry is looking at co-cracking butadiene now just to make it go away. And so that will ultimately start to impact the economics of naphtha in that mix because it's so highly dependent on the value of the coproducts. 
So I would suggest that for the balance this year, you should expect the feedstocks in that chemicals chain to be quite volatile. But they've all kind of converged around that same space. There's still 1 million barrels a day probably of ethane in rejection. And so we're still highly confident that this next wave of crackers coming on, there's going to be plenty of LPG feedstocks, albeit that they're going to be competing head-on-head with naphtha, at least through the balance of this year until crude gets back to a normal. Robert, you've had a lot of experience in chemicals also. You want to add anything to that?

It could go single digits. So we've seen it there before. And so I think we'll just have to watch as we go through the year. The fortunate thing is that demand has really held up well across that chain and that should be good.

Yes. So we probably look at exit over exit in a 2 million to 3 million barrel range, Paul. We're probably maybe a little north of you on 2 million of where we see the exit rates. We do think that we're in a recovery phase. It's probably less investable opportunities in Midstream. And I think that forces us to rethink our Midstream growth opportunities. But you've seen us do this before. In '15, we were circa $6 billion of consolidated capital. And in '17, we cut that to $1.8 billion. And so we're certainly willing to do that again if that's what the market tells us to do and we can't find investable opportunities, Paul. 
But longer term, I think we -- I keep coming back, this pandemic will be over, there could be another one in the future we just don't know about. But the last one was 1917. So I mean the odds are good that we're going to get back on a growth trajectory here. There's still literally hundreds of millions of people that are coming into the middle class. There are going to be consumers, there are going to be petrochemicals, there are going to be consumers of energy. I think directionally, that should be positive for a return to growth. What we don't know is, does the growth go back to where it was or do we start growing from where we're at today? So I think that's the real question that is to be answered in front of us. 
Jeff, I don't know if you want to come in as you're thinking about out in '23 and '24, you're seeing anything different?

Okay.

Yes. We're all looking at each other. Who wants to answer that question? So I guess I'll lead off. I'm glad we sold it when we did. It's really hard, and Bob may want to comment, but it's really hard to move that configuration a lot to produce jet. I'm not sure that the refinery is running that much different in terms of its output today or yield structure than -- at least at the margins.

Well, obviously, if we see a lot of shut-in, we're seeing probably 30% shut-in right now, there'll be less exports. We think there will be less exports, probably in the 2.5 million barrels a day range going forward. But our crude's still needed. And as Jeff mentioned, Asia's starting to come back, and particularly China, South Korea, Japan and Thailand. So I think you'll see barrels continue to be exported. We export some of our light crudes, Bakken crudes and others overseas, and I think you'll see that continue.

One thing I want to add -- maybe one thing I'd add on that, too, just if you think about Refining margins, in a $30 crude environment, a $15 margin is a lot more advantageous to refiners than it was maybe in past times when we came out and we had $80 crude or $100 crude just because of the coproduct impacts. So I think you could see refining margins rebound quickly.

So was your question on marketing margins or Refining margins?

Yes. So the margins in Western Europe are still very, very strong. We expect them to remain relatively strong. In the U.S., the margins are starting to stabilize some, but we still see them as being relatively good. Now remember, in the U.S., a lot of our volume is wholesale volume and wholesale margins are smaller than the retail margins overseas. But we would expect demand to continue to increase and the margins to come off in the U.S. and that's it.