Okay. Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. At the start of this last year, we could not have envisioned the unprecedented challenges that we faced in 2020. We're proud of and grateful to the many people who worked diligently and tirelessly to develop the COVID-19 vaccines. We're optimistic about the positive impact the vaccines will have on economic recovery in the months ahead.  
In the fourth quarter, we had an adjusted loss of $507 million or $1.16 per share. Market conditions remained challenged. Our Refining business continue to be affected by demand destruction associated with the pandemic. For the year, we had an adjusted loss of $382 million or $0.89 per share. We operated well, including major growth projects in our midstream segment, including the Gray Oak Pipeline, our largest pipeline project to date, and the Sweeny Hub Phase 2 expansion.  
We took early decisive steps to reduce cost and capital spending, secure additional liquidity and suspend our share repurchases. We exceeded $500 million in cost reductions to cut capital spending by more than $700 million. These actions, combined with cash flow generation from our diversified portfolio, provided us with financial flexibility to maintain our strong investment-grade credit ratings, sustain the dividend and to navigate the crisis. Our focus continues to be on the well-being of our company, our employees and our communities.  
In 2020, we contributed $32 million to charitable organizations, including $6 million for COVID-19 and disaster relief. Even with the distractions and the challenges of the pandemic, our people remain focused on safe, reliable operations and execution of our strategy. 2020 was the safest year in the history of our company. Our total recordable injury rate of 0.11 was 30% better than our industry leading rate in 2019. Our process safety improved by 60%, and our environmental performance was our best ever.  
In 2020, we generated $2.1 billion of operating cash flow and returned $2 billion to shareholders. Since we formed the company, we've returned approximately $28 billion to shareholders through dividends, share repurchases and exchanges. We remain committed to a secure, competitive and growing dividend. Entering 2021, there's still uncertainty in the market. We'll continue to maintain a strong balance sheet and disciplined capital allocation.
In December, we announced our 2021 capital budget of $1.7 billion, and that includes Phillips 66 Partners. This is a reduction compared to recent years the -- re-up capital for debt repayment. In 2020, we added approximately $4 million of debt. We plan to reduce debt to pre-COVID levels as cash generation improves.
Our 2021 capital budget includes $1.1 billion of sustaining capital for reliability, safety and environmental projects. In addition, $600 million of growth capital is directed towards in-flight projects and investments in renewable fuels.  
During the quarter, we advanced our growth program. At the Sweeny Hub, Frac 2 commenced operations in September, and Frac 3 started operations in October. We plan to resume construction of our fourth fractionator in the second half of 2021. Upon completion, the Sweeny Hub will have 550,000 barrels a day of fractionation capacity supported by long-term customer commitments.
At the South Texas Gateway Terminal, the second dock commenced crude oil export operations in the fourth quarter. On expected completion in the first quarter of 2021, the terminal will have 8.6 million barrels of storage capacity and up to 800,000 barrels per day of dock throughput capacity. Phillips 66 Partners owns a 25% interest in the terminal.
Phillips 66 Partners continued the construction of the C2G Pipeline, connecting its Clemens Storage Caverns to petrochemical facilities in the Corpus Christi area. The project is backed by long-term commitments and expected to be completed in mid-2021.  
At the Beaumont Terminal, we completed the fourth dock, bringing total dock capacity to 800,000 barrels per day. The terminal has a total crude and product storage capacity of 16.8 million barrels. Since acquiring the terminal in 2014, we've doubled the dock capacity and more than doubled its storage capacity.
In Chemicals, CPChem is advancing optimization and debottleneck opportunities. This includes recently approved product -- projects at the Cedar Bayou facility that will increase production of ethylene and polyethylene. In addition, CPChem is developing an expansion of its normal alpha olefins production.
During the quarter, CPChem announced its first production of polyethylene from recycled plastics at its Cedar Bayou facility and received ISCC PLUS Certification. CPChem remains committed to finding sustainable solutions, including the elimination of plastic waste in the environment.
We're advancing our Rodeo Renewed project at the San Francisco refinery. We expect to complete the diesel hydrotreater conversion in mid-2021, which will produce 8,000 barrels per day. Full conversion of the facility in early 2024 could produce over 50,000 barrels a day of renewable fuels.  
This capital-efficient investment is expected to deliver strong returns and will reduce the plant's greenhouse gas emissions by 50%. This project helps California to meet its low carbon objectives.  
In Marketing, we recently acquired 106 retail sites in the Central region through a joint venture. This aligns with our strategy of securing long-term placement of the Phillips 66 refinery production and extending participation in the value chain of retail.
We've also advanced our digital transformation efforts, fostered innovation across our company and implemented new technologies, including digital systems for work processes, artificial intelligence to predict maintenance requirements and optimize processing unit performance. Our company is making investments to competitively position us for a low-carbon future.
Earlier this month, we announced our emerging energy organization. This group is charged with establishing a lower carbon business platform. We will pursue opportunities within our portfolio such as renewable fuels and work with our company's Energy Research & Innovation Group to commercialize emerging energy technologies. 
For example, in collaboration with Georgia Tech, Phillips 66 received a grant from the U.S. Department of Energy that will support development of electrolysis technology that has the potential to convert CO2 into clean fuels. Our company is committed to addressing the global climate challenge, at the same time deliver shareholder returns.
So with that, I'll turn the call over to Kevin to review the financial results.

Okay. You gave me a lot to unpack there, Doug. Thanks. So maybe starting with -- just let's start at the top with kind of the overview. 
I think that for us, capital discipline -- capital allocation remains core to our strategy and what we do. That's returning capital to shareholders. It's earning returns above our weighted average cost of capital on what we choose to invest in as a company. So those are our guiding lights or our guiding stars as we think about this and we think about energy transition.  
I tend to think about it in 3 buckets: near term, midterm and longer term, Doug, in terms of our response and how we're going to navigate through it. Clearly, in the near term, we're building a renewable fuels pathway. What we're doing -- so this year, midyear, we'll start up the first part of Rodeo, 8,000 barrels a day. And by 2024, we'll have a full facility conversion, more than 50,000 barrels a day there. We're working with price renewables for 11,000 barrels a day of renewable coming out of that facility. We're kind of co-processing about 3,000 barrels a day at Humber today in the U.K. moving to 5,000 barrels a day.  
And so as we think about -- as we approach to the middle point of the decade, we should have $1 billion-ish of EBITDA at our renewable fuels business. So that's certainly one pathway we think about.  
The second bucket is kind of more the medium term. And as you know, we're a supplier of specialty graphites and to go into the anode production and lithium-ion batteries, and we continue to work to improve that, to help improve battery performance, but also lower cost. And so I think as we see EVs grow and they're willing to grow, EV sales globally are going to grow. Now that portion of the business is also going to grow. And I think we can make nice contributions there in terms of what we bring to batteries and battery technologies.  
And then maybe the third one is around hydrogen, and that's longer term. Certainly, today, we're building hydrogen fueling stations in Europe. So that's a first step. We're working in the United Kingdom with the Gigastack consortium, which is taking offshore wind, electrolysis to make green hydrogen. We're using that in our Humber Refinery to reduce the carbon content of our fuels produced at Humber.  
And so as I think about hydrogen, our industry as big consumers and producers of hydrogen, we really understand it. I think that hydrogen moving into transportation fuels in a big way is probably decades out. But we'll continue to build a pathway around hydrogen for the longer term. 
You may have seen that we got a grant from the DOE, and we talked about it in the opening comments today. But that's really around our solid oxide fuel cell technology and taking CO2 and running through the fuel cell then to produce clean fuels. And so there's probably a pathway there for us, too. 
So our idea is we want to participate in energy transition. We want to do it where we can invest and earn returns that are above our weighted average cost of capital. We certainly want to exploit the technology base we have used existing equipment where we can and convert it if we need to, like what we're doing at Rodeo. We try to find capital-efficient solutions where we can earn great returns.  
I think the other thing I want to point out here, Doug, is you think about the challenges that we have before us of providing reliable, affordable funded energy, at the same time, addressing the climate is something that's going to take a whole approach of the industry. But I think about the 10 million people that work in the industry today. They're problem solvers. They're engineers. They're scientists. They're marketing people. They're people that understand the complexity of the energy business today. And I think they're some of the best people on the planet that are positioned to help solve this dual challenge that we have. 
And so I'm an optimist, always. And I think that this industry and our company certainly will have big roles to play in the energy transition as we move forward. And I know you asked 3 questions, and I don't know if I answered 3, but I did the best I could with that. 
But maybe you want to ask -- go ahead, if you want to follow up.

Well, I was just -- well, I'm just going to tie it up with -- I know my buddy, Joe made a point yesterday, and we'd be remiss also if we didn't say, we recognize you're coming on a transition point. You've made some great calls. You've been at the top of your game for a very long period of time. And that's really hard to do with the business that you're in, Doug. 
You've been a friend of the industry and our company, but yet, you've had the courage to challenge us when we needed to be challenged, and you've always had shareholder interest at heart. So I would tell you really well done. We're going to miss you, and we wish the very best for you. And hopefully, we'll see around the energy patch in the future.

Yes. I think I'll start off and then Jeff and other folks can help me. I don't think we're ready to make a call that mid-cycle has changed yet. I think that it's early to do that. In terms of how we've reoriented kind of the capital plan here in response to COVID, but also, I think as the industry itself has kind of paused in terms of the upstream and the midstream opportunities available to us. 
Certainly, we're probably going to run $200 million to $300 million under the growth plans we announced at that day and simply because we're not going to do Rodeo pipeline. We're not going to do the ACE Pipeline and some of the other things that we had laid into the plan that we've just stopped working on. But we may well find other opportunities. So you have Rodeo Renew that's going to come in. It's going to be a big, big EBITDA generator that wasn't in those numbers.  
AdvantEdge66, we continue to prosecute that. If you remember, somewhere $600 million or so of that was around our value chain strategy optimization work we're going to do. And all that's mid-cycle predicated. So while we've done a lot of work around there, we haven't been in mid-cycle conditions. And so in 2020, we're not achieving the results we thought we achieved there. But I think as we move into 2021 and into 2022, we're pretty optimistic that we get back to a recovery to mid-cycle conditions around that part of the portfolio.  
So Jeff, I don't know if you want to tag on there or add anything to that, but I think that would be my views.

Well, we're constructive chemicals, Phil. I think that demand is still really strong in that segment, and we see that across all regions, whether it's China, Europe or North America. CPChem has run really well, had record sales volumes. 
The other thing we've seen is we've seen delays in the start-up of new facilities. Part of that's economic-related, part of that's just been COVID-related as people have either slowed construction or cost construction through the density of workers on these big sites. 
So [ this kind ] of end balances actually look better to us at this point in 2021 than they did at the equivalent point last year. And so I think we're pretty optimistic around operating rates. Margins are -- and the delta of the marker margins, it's not unusual to see CPChem kind of deviate off of IHS marker margins. We've seen that many times in the past. 
And certainly, it's timing. It's portfolio. It's geography, as you think about that. If you think about the fourth quarter, high density polyethylene contract prices were essentially flat. October, November, they go up in December. And then if you think about your contract portfolios, there can be lags of 30 to 60 days of really fully realizing those price increases through the portfolio. 
So the part of that is just geography. Probably 1/3 of CPChem sales are export-oriented sales. And so if you think about the U.S. market price, usually, the Europe price is higher and it's usually higher by about the price delta. The Asian price has probably been $0.20 under the North American price. And so you have that geographic mix that also comes into play when you're looking at that. 
But having said all that, we think that margins are certainly above mid-cycle today, and we have, I think, good line of sight to what we think are above mid-cycle margins for 2021. So we feel confident. 
I think, Tim, you want to talk about propylene and some of the things going on there too?

Roger, with respect to the new project contributions, I'd point you to the investor update and our midstream project updates. We outlined all the capital spending and the kind of 6 to 8 multiple of EBITDA kind of investments. Sweeny Frac 2 and 3, $1.4 billion, we've got South Texas Gateway, Clemens contributing as well. So those were kind of a one quarter contribution in 2020 that we'll get full year contributions in 2021. 
C2G Pipeline scheduled to come on midyear. So we'll get half a year of contribution from that asset in '21. So I think those are the increments to be aware of, supporting '21 profitability and ultimately 2022 profitability in the midstream.

Well, I would say that we have seen product inventories come down. Product inventories are in the 5-year average. Gasoline was actually below the 5-year average, probably 3%. So we're seeing that. 
And I think as the vaccine gets out there, people are optimistic. Traders, when they think about markets, they think about future markets and the future looks bright. So gasoline cracks have been moving and distillate cracks as well.

I would just make one comment. If you think about RINs, we think RINs are in the crack. So when you think about product prices and crack prices for products, the RIN is in there. So as the RIN goes up, you would expect that to show up in the crack margins of both gasoline distillate cracks.

Oh, how Europe fits in the portfolio? I was going to start with California. Okay. Well let's see Europe. 
I think, when you think about Europe, I mean, first of all, return on capital employed, it's 35% plus return. So it's actually one of the stronger businesses in our portfolio from a return standpoint. It's -- the marketing business is business that we excel at in that part of the world, doing a really good job with it. 
Then you move over to the -- our Humber Refinery in the U.K., we think it's one of the better refineries in Europe. It certainly has been a contributor around our specialty coke, needle coke businesses. And so we like that value proposition with that asset. 
So we tend to like the continental business that we have in Europe. We like the position that Humber enjoys, not only from a cost standpoint, but from an environmental standpoint, in that European theater. 
Bob, I don't know if you want to add on to that, you can.