Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. In the second quarter, we experienced an unprecedented disruption to our business from COVID-19, resulting in a challenging operating environment. Going into the second quarter, we anticipated demand for our products would be weak as states were under lockdown and people were working remotely. Across our businesses, we've seen demand recovery from the trough, although uncertainty remains for the second half of the year.  
We continue to focus on the well [indiscernible] in communities, maintaining safe and reliable operations, and ensuring the financial and operational strength of our company. Our business is an essential business, and we're committed to safely providing critical energy products and services for our customers. Phillips 66 has implemented the appropriate steps to protect our workforce consistent with CDC, national, state and local directives. We have safely and successfully operate our facilities in support of our commitment to provide essential services.  
During the quarter, we issued $2 billion of senior notes and increased our term loan capacity by $1 billion. We expect to exceed $500 million in cost reductions and reduce consolidated capital spending by $700 million this year. These actions protect the security of the dividend and our strong investment-grade credit rating as we navigate this challenging business environment. We will continue to exercise disciplined capital allocation with a focus on long-term value creation for our shareholders.  
In the second quarter, we had an adjusted loss of $324 million or $0.74 per share. We generated $764 million of operating cash flow and returned $393 million to our shareholders through dividends. During the quarter, we achieved strong safety performance. We continue to strive towards a zero-incident, zero-accident workplace. We're executing our strategy and pressing major growth projects. The Gray Oak Pipeline commenced full operations from West Texas and the Eagle Ford to the Texas Gulf Coast, marking the completion of the project, Phillips 66 Partners has a 42.25% interest in Gray Oak Pipeline. Rail connects to multiple refineries and export facilities in the Corpus Christi area, including the South Texas Gateway Terminal. The first stock and 8 tanks totaling 3.4 million barrels of storage capacity have been commissioned. In July, the first crude oil tanker was loaded for export.  
Marine operations, including the second dock, are expected to ramp up by the end of this year as additional phases of construction are finished. We expect the project to be completed in the first quarter of 2021 with a total storage capacity of 8.6 million barrels and up to 800,000 barrels per day of export capacity. Phillips 66 Partners owns a 25% interest in the terminal.  
At the Sweeny Hub, we recently completed the planned tie-in work to integrate fracs 2 and 3 with the Freeport LPG export facility. The fracs will begin commissioning in the third quarter and start operations in the fourth quarter of 2020. Fracs are backed by long-term customer commitments. Upon completion, Sweeny Hub will have 400,000 barrels a day of fractionation capacity. Also with the Sweeny Hub, Phillips 66 Partners recently completed storage expansion of the Clemens Caverns from 9 million barrels to 16.5 million barrels in support of fracs 2 and 3 in the C2G pipeline.  
In Marketing, the West Coast retail joint venture recently closed on the previously announced acquisition of 95 sites, bringing the total to approximately 680 sites. The joint venture enables increased long-term placement of our refinery production and increases our exposure to retail margins.  
In closing, I'd like to thank our employees for their focus on safe, reliable operations; for their demonstrated commitment; and capability to be smart and agile, finding new ways of working together with a determined purpose towards value creation; and for living our values of safety, honor and commitment in what has been a very disruptive and challenging environment.  
With that, I'll turn the call over to Kevin to go through the financial results.

Well, you think about the integrated model that we have, we still think that it's a value-add model, Neil. I try not to let single points in time or single-point pandemics really influence our long-term thinking around this. When we think about the ability to capture that value, starting with DCP, gas gathering, gas liquids, integrating through our fracs and our LPG export and being able to take product into our Chemicals business and then through the Refining chain, we like that optionality that gives us in terms of investable opportunities. But certainly, the earning streams that come out of those businesses are strong for us. So we'll continue to think about this integrated business as a value-add business for us. There's no question the pandemic probably impacted all segments of this business. But it's not immediate to us, I would say.

Yes. Well, so our view is midyear next year, we'd probably get back to something approaching the mid-cycle for our company. As we do that, then we can kind of get back to a normalized framework as we think about the 60-40 allocation. I think the other thing I would say is clearly taking on $3 billion of debt, there's going to be some priority to debt repayment over the next 2 to 3 years. We've got the 364-day facility. It comes -- it's $1 billion, comes due in the first quarter of next year. And then in 2022, we've got another $2 billion kind of normal course that come in due. So you should think about us trying to pay between $1 billion to $3 billion of debt off in the next 2, 3 years as we start approaching mid-cycle conditions and certainly pick back up with share repurchases. 
The other thing I would say is our view is that investable opportunities in Midstream in '21 and '22 are probably going to be less than what we would have anticipated. That's going to free up more capital to put towards debt repayment and shareholder distribution stuff. So anyway, that's how I'm thinking about it at this moment in time.

Brian, you want to take WCS part of question?

Yes, not really building inventory in the chemical space. So if you go back to 2019, ethane, the high-density full chain margin was $0.22. It was $0.18 in the first quarter, and it got to $0.10 in the second quarter, but actually dropped about $0.07 in May. And today, we're pushing kind of $0.16. And as you look across the U.S., Europe and Asia, we've seen rising prices. So spot prices in the U.S. are up $0.08. Contracts up $0.05. Europe contracts up $0.08. In Asia, spots up $0.055. And so there's been really good price movement. Part of that reflects a rising crude price environment. Part of that reflects just really strong demand for consumer products. And so I would say if you bifurcate kind of the petrochemicals business into consumer and durables, the consumer part is doing really well. The durables is still challenging but improving. So think automotive and others. And on the consumer side, which is mostly where CPChem is, market facing, there's kind of 2 trends that are going on. One is hygiene. And so think about the whites and the bleach and the detergent and the hand sanitizer and all that. And those products across the world continue to sell strongly. And the other is a term that the chemicals guys are calling nesting that people aren't moving very far from the nest. They're staying home, they're cooking more. They're using more disposables. They're using more trash bags, they're buying more bottled water that's wrapped with plastic. They're buying -- doing home improvement projects, so polyethylene paint cans and garden sheds. They're trying to find things to do outside of the house. So they're spending more money on kayaks and coolers and camping materials and things like that. It's all really positive for high-density demand. So I think we're constructive on the demand side. And I would say I'd say strong demand, weak to improving margins, and that's what we're running into.

Yes. We haven't had an official position on a carbon tax, Doug, partly because we need to see what the policy really is and what does it look like. I would say that our views is that it really -- it needs to be done at Congress. They need to legislate a climate program. We prefer that, obviously, to having a patchwork of state and local regulations, which is a lot less efficient for us. There's a few key things that we will be looking for in any program. First of all, transparency is really important for people. And I'm talking about consumers to be able to understand the impact and the costs associated with any climate program. I think it needs to be company wide -- I mean, economy wide, and it's got to be applicable to all sources of emissions. And also, it's got to recognize that oil and gas is going to have a big role to play for many years to come. It really needs to be market based, is predictable and internationally competitive. So given all those boundary conditions, certainly, we would support something around a carbon tax if that's the preferred method that comes out of the Congress.

So I'm going to let Bob kind of talk about what we're doing in renewables, and then I'll come back and address that question specifically.

So I think our approach at this point in time has been to partner, certainly, and to use existing assets where we can in a capital light mode, Paul. So I still worry about the credit and how that credit price gets set. But as you watch what's happening, particularly on the West Coast, low carbon fuel standard, moving up the entire West Coast, maybe to the East Coast of the U.S., I think there's going to be a place in the portfolio for renewables.

Well, our current view is that we would probably either build or partner to cover about what we view is 80% of our requirements, and we'd probably remain exposed for credits for the -- for about 20%. And we haven't changed that strategy yet, Paul, but that's current -- our current views in this market.

I think maybe the other thing I would add to that is as you think about kind of Gray Oak fracs 2, 3, those are pretty much fixed fee, so there's not a lot of commodity exposure there. Where we still have commodity exposure is really around the LPG export. And of course, in the second quarter, we had some downtime for the tie in. So we ran the frac a little lighter and then it gives me export barrels out. And also, the fees went down across the dock in the second quarter. So we do think that we'll see some improvement in terms of the -- get more volume across the dock and also some opportunity to increase dock fees. So that's where the big exposure is. And that's $100 million to $200 million probably. If you think about it in the total scope, the opportunity is set for us.