Thanks, Mary, for your kind words, confidence and support. We've worked together for a long time, and I'm grateful for the opportunity I've had to learn from you and to lead with you.  
Under your leadership, Ulta Beauty has established a winning, engaging culture, become the largest U.S. beauty retailer, joined the Fortune 500 and tripled its market cap. And we have solidified the company as the preferred destination for beauty enthusiasts, created an inclusive, well-regarded workplace and become a recognized leader in the business and retail community. I want to thank you personally for your leadership and mentorship, and I look forward to your ongoing support and counsel as I transition into my new role.  
Kecia, I'm thrilled to continue to work with you in your new role as Chief Operating Officer. We've worked closely for the last 7 years, and I look forward to leading with you and our experienced executive team in service of our associates, guests and shareholders.  
I am excited and humbled to become the CEO of Ulta Beauty. Over the last several years, I've worked closely with Mary and the entire executive team to build our culture, strengthen our guest engagement, and develop our strategic plan, and I will work hard to ensure a seamless transition as we plan and execute the next chapter of our growth.  
Over the last 60 days, I've spent time talking with and listening to our leaders and our associates across the enterprise. Most recently, Kecia and I visited our Greenwood distribution center and our new Jacksonville, Florida fast fulfillment center as well as a number of stores. And more than exceptional operations, we saw firsthand the commitment and passion our associates bring to serving our guests. Despite the challenges of maintaining COVID-related safety protocols, our DC teams continue to meet the growing demands across channels, and our store teams continue to create human connections and meaningful connections with our guests every day.  
I continue to be proud of how our teams navigated the challenges of the last year with strength, grace and a commitment to our guests and to each other.  
We are emerging from 2020 as a leader. We see this in our sales trends, market share gains, consumer sentiment, brand strength and most importantly, in our culture. I believe this is a testament to the choices we made throughout 2020 and also to the strength of our 31-year history as a vibrant company and successful category disruptor.  
To build on this success, I am focused on 4 key areas as I transition into the CEO role: our culture, our members, omnichannel experiences and operational excellence. Ulta Beauty has built a guest- and associate-centric, values-based and high-performance culture. We value and encourage collaboration and enterprise thinking, and we respect and listen to our associates to continually improve as a company. These tenets are core to how we lead, how we engage with our guests and partners and how we make decisions. Our culture is a key part to our success and why I am committed to protecting and enhancing our culture as we move forward.  
As we emerge from the challenges of the pandemic, consumers are creating new routines and habits, and we have the unique opportunity to build deeper connections and drive greater engagement with our members. Each of our more than 37,000 associates play a role in member engagement and retention. My vision is that, together, we can and will accelerate how we engage and delight our guests every day.  
And not just in stores or online, but through a seamless omnichannel lens. Consumers are quickly evolving expectations for how physical and digital platforms work together to create holistic brand experiences. As we focus on longer-term growth for Ulta Beauty, we are thinking about how we can create emotional, immersive, human experiences across all touch points and how we can evolve our organization and the ways we work together to support a buy anywhere, fill anywhere approach.  
Importantly, as we navigated the pandemic, we proactively took steps to optimize our cost structure while investing in new capabilities to support future growth. Looking forward, we see opportunities to drive greater efficiencies across enterprise-wide processes, to elevate our rigor and discipline, and to focus on metrics that are most important to achieving our operational and financial goals. By expanding our focus on operational excellence, we'll be able to invest more in creating great guest experiences while also improving profitability.  
Now let's talk about our first quarter performance. For the quarter, comp store sales increased 65.9%. This outstanding performance was broad-based, with above plan performance across channels, categories and geographic markets. While we believe stimulus payments contributed to the quarter's strength, we also believe the relaxation of restrictions, increasing consumer confidence and a desire for newness are positively impacting consumer spending in the beauty category. Our differentiated model, combined with our efforts to create meaningful guest connections and experiences position us well to attract more guests and lead the category recovery.  
Sales were strong across channels, with stores leading the way as consumers were increasingly comfortable with shopping in stores. As local restrictions lifted, we increased our operating hours and welcome brand partners back to stores. And as store traffic trends improved, we adjusted staffing levels to support the increased demand. While the hiring market remains challenging, we are pleased with our ability to hire and staff our stores.  
E-commerce performance was also higher than expected. Strong traffic and higher average order value resulted in mid-teen growth on top of last year's 100% growth, with sales penetration in the mid-20s. This quarter, we continue to test ways to incentivize guests to use buy online, pickup in-store with new BOPIS-only promotions. Importantly, we drove above-trend BOPIS penetration while also continuing to drive growth through our store and ship-to-home channels.  
For the quarter, BOPIS increased to about 16% of total e-commerce sales compared to about 4% in the first quarter last year and slightly above fourth quarter levels.  
While we certainly expected brick-and-mortar would drive nice quarter nice comp growth in the quarter as we anniversaried store closures last year, the sales strength we're seeing in physical stores and in e-commerce continues to reinforce to us that e-commerce transactions are incremental and help drive greater overall member engagement and spend.  
From a category perspective, we increased our market share across all major prestige beauty categories based on the NPD group's point-of-sale data for the quarter ending May 1, 2021. Additionally, we saw terrific strength across our mass categories and believe we are increasing our share within mass beauty as well. Newness in our strategic tent-pole events, 21 days of Beauty and Spring Haul, continue to resonate very well with guests. All major categories delivered robust double-digit comps as we anniversaried last year's store closures.  
Compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2019, fragrance, bath, skincare and hair care all delivered robust double-digit comp growth. Now starting with one of our strategic growth categories. skincare delivered strong sales growth this quarter, driven by newness and great engagement in our tent-pole events. Guests continue to embrace skincare as a form of self-care and wellness with body care, sun protection and facial serums driving nice year-over-year growth. New brands, including Keys Soulcare, LOLI Beauty, and Urban Skin Pro as well as new products from Tula, Pacifica and [ Central Pay ] drove good guest engagement. And dermatologist-recommended brands, including CeraVe and La Roche-Posay, continued to see gains driven from interest and support on social media platforms.  
Fragrance and bath was our strongest category again this quarter, demonstrating that consumers remain focused on self-care, even as they become more comfortable reentering public spaces. Newness in fragrance from Dolce & Gabbana, Versace and Carolina Herrera as well as continued strength in potty scrubs and moisturizers from brands like Truly, Tree Hut and Hempz drove exceptional category growth. Strong guest engagement with our monthly Fragrance Crush programs, Valentine's Day and Spring Haul also drove robust growth in the quarter.  
We're seeing nice momentum in the hair care category as well, driven by newness, innovation and do-it-yourself beauty. The first quarter saw growth from new brands like Briogeo, Kristin Ess and Monday, as well as product launches from Redken, Curlsmith and Pattern. And our salon back bar takeovers helped drive growth for established brands like Living Proof, FEKKAI and Bumble and Bumble.  
Reflecting ongoing DIY trends, hair color, color care and hair styling tools also contributed to the category's strong sales performance for this quarter. Compared to 2019, comp sales in the makeup category were negative, but we are encouraged by sequential improvement in the trends from Q4. Newness and innovation, combined with strong guest engagement during our tentpole events, delivered better-than-expected performance in this category. Subcategories that focus above the mass continue to perform well, including mascara, lashes and eyeliner. We're also beginning to see guests engage with categories like lip and face, driven by newness from brands like Benefit, Tarte and Morphe, as many begin to adjust to reduce COVID-19 restrictions and look to refresh their stash.  
Newness from Nicks, e.l.f. and Kiss are driving strong growth in mass cosmetics, while newer prestige brands, including KBD, Vegan Beauty, HOURGLASS and Jaclyn Cosmetics are delivering growth and prestige. Although it remains difficult to predict the specific timing of a full recovery in makeup, we are seeing early signs that guests are engaging more with the category. Confidence is growing, restrictions are lifting, and many consumers are increasingly looking forward to a fresh start in a new post-COVID normal.  
As travel and wearing occasions increase, the desire for something new is growing. At the same time, engagement with social media platforms like TikTok are bringing new life to the color cosmetic category, engaging younger audiences, driving trends and reinvigorating trial and usage. These drivers, combined with an expanded pipeline of newness expected in the second half of 2021, increase our optimism about the pace of recovery of the makeup category this year.  
This quarter, we continued to enhance and expand our Conscious Beauty platform, an initiative intended to help guests discover brands and products that reflect their personal values. In Q1, we certified 27 additional brands, bringing the total number of brands in the program to 250. We refreshed our Conscious Beauty end cap in stores, adding new brands like Pure, First Aid Beauty and COOLA to the presentation. And celebrated Earth Day with a unique gift with purchase offer. We also launched our circular shopping pilot with reusable packaging pioneer loop in 10 of our brand partners.  
Building on the success of this cross-category promote platform, earlier this month, we launched the Wellness Shop in a select number of stores and on ulta.com. With a focus on self-care for the mind, body and spirit, the Wellness Shop features a curated selection of products across 5 key segments to help our guests easily navigate their personal wellness journey. We built the assortment with hero brands like Love Wellness, megababe and Kitsch and also introduced new brands like BLUME, Goli and The Good Patch. From scalp care routines and bath and shower rituals to supplements and adaptogens to relaxation and sleep regimens, this new shop addresses a variety of wellness needs in a curated, easy-to-navigate presentation.  
As the country's beauty retail leader, we have the power to shape how the world sees beauty and a responsibility to drive greater diversity, inclusivity and equity. In February, we announced tangible commitments to this effort and I am proud to share that we continue to make progress in support of our goals. This quarter, we debuted MUSE in multifaceted platform to celebrate, honor and amplify black voices in beauty and announced the partnership with CURLBOX, a subscription box service catering to [ curly ] and textured hair consumers, featuring some of our most coveted products and brands. We've launched 5 new black-owned brands, including BLK/OPL and Mented Cosmetics, Black Girl Sunscreen and Skincare, CAMILLE ROSE and Hair and Homebody, a wellness-focused bath and body brand. And we created new educational content for textured hair, which was deployed to our salon teams earlier this month.  
Sales from our service businesses increased nearly 50% compared to 2020, but were still lower than 2019 levels, reflecting appointment constraints due to social distancing. We are excited to welcome walk-ins for salon and brow services in states where mandates allow it and hope to reengage skin services in select stores later this year. We continue to focus on strengthening our stylist teams and where we have high demand in capacity, we're hiring experienced stylists with existing books. As a result, we are seeing nice increases in our stylist sales productivity as compared to 2019.  
Our mobile app, virtual try on and skin analysis tools continue to resonate with guests as easy and safe ways to discover and try new products. We continue to see good conversion and higher average order values from guests to engage in these experiences.  
This quarter, our services and events team began leveraging these tools for one-on-one consultations and small group events. In April, we launched a modified in-store event strategy aligned with COVID protocols, utilizing our virtual tools and successfully executing 350 events with 17 prestige brand partners.  
Turning now to our loyalty program. We increased our loyalty members by 1.7 million members in Q1, the largest increase we've seen in a single quarter. We ended the quarter with 32.3 million members above our initial expectations. While this level is about 2% lower than Q1 last year, it is 5% higher than Q4 and only slightly below our member level in the first quarter of 2019.  
The recovery of our member base from Q4 was driven by strong reactivation back into Ulta Beauty stores as well as increased new member acquisition. Our store associates continue to deliver a compelling member experiencing, welcoming members back and converting new members at higher rates than in 2019. We are seeing strong retention across all tenures as we deepen engagement with members who continue to shop with us throughout the pandemic, manage at-risk members to prevent attrition and introduce Ulta Beauty to new or newly reactivated members. We continue to lean into our member data to target high-value audiences and apply predictive behavioral modeling while personalizing experiences with product recommendations, replenishment reminders and offers optimized for incremental response.  
We're using engagement levers like the mobile app to communicate our holistic member experience and drive key moments like 21 Days of Beauty, where we featured personalized offer for every member to drive retention and increase sales per member. These efforts are helping us accelerate the recovery of our member base and give us confidence that we can get back to 2019 levels this year.  
Before I turn the call over to Scott, I want to provide a quick comment on Ulta Beauty at Target. We continue to make progress across all of our work streams to bring this new experience to life for our guests and we're on track to open our first shops later this summer. We remain confident that this innovative partnership with the light guest and strengthen engagement with the Ulta Beauty brand. We have very strong support from our brand partners and are confident that our assortment, which is an exciting mix of large established favorites and vibrant, often exclusive emerging brands, with the light guest when we launch. I know there are many questions about the assortment and experience, but our focus now is on building guest anticipation and excitement for the launch. Stay tuned for more details closer to launch.  
Now let me turn it over to Scott to provide more detail about our financial results. Scott?

Yes, Mark, yes, we are very encouraged by the performance of our store channel. In fact, our entire omnichannel experience, even as our e-comm performed above expectations, our stores strengthened. So it just reinforces for us, the importance and the power of our model and the connections that we've built. 
Yes. Yes. Stores did exceed our expectations, grew throughout the quarter. We saw -- as our guests became more comfortable in shopping in person, we certainly benefited from that and saw continued improvement throughout the quarter. Traffic was still down -- meaningfully down for the quarter, down in the 20% range. So the strength we saw in stores, we are pleased to see a lot of guests coming back in, but also strong -- saw strong ticket performance, which we think is driven by renewal reengagement in the category, trip consolidation, a lot of newness coming. But yes, so while we're encouraged by store, we know we still have opportunity ahead to get all of our guests back comfortable shopping in store, and we're continuing to see that trend. 
I will just say that the -- as I mentioned, the e-commerce business also exceeded our expectations, including strength in BOPIS, so it reinforces for us, not just any individual strength across either stores or e-commerce or any element, but the connected strength that we're seeing, which is a strong indicator to us that our members are getting back involved in all aspects of Ulta, and we're pleased with that and anticipate more to come. As we look out over the rest of this year, as it relates to store traffic, we would anticipate it getting -- continue to improve traffic, but there's still a lot of uncertainty about how the rest of the year will play out and exactly how that will translate into store behaviors, but we're encouraged by what we saw in Q1.

Yes. Thanks for your question, Oliver. We feel good about our inventory position, but it's certainly true that we've been working hard to ensure that we maintain a strong level of in-stocks. We've been working very closely with all of our brand partners to respond to this increased demand. And fortunately, we're having good success with that. As we look forward over the year, we would anticipate inventory levels to be higher than 2020, but at a rate lower than our comp sales. 
So as far as leaving sales on the table, we feel like we were able to deliver and meet the demand. There are pockets of brands that had just extraordinary growth that we're working hard to maintain in-stock levels. But I'd say, overall, our guests were able to -- you'll find what they were looking for, and we felt like we met their expectations. And it's probably reflected in the strong basket size we saw both in-store and online. 
So a lot of work going on to ensure this. I know our brand partners are max -- really looking to maximize their production to meet this growing demand, and we feel confident we'll be able to meet our guest demand going forward.

Yes. That's great. Kecia, do you want to give some highlights there?

All right, Erinn, let me -- I'll tackle some of the your cosmetics questions and as both what we're seeing as it relates to the guidance. And I'll ask Kecia to kind of talk about our regional performance here. As far as makeup, as we said, well, and we're really pleased with the performance across all categories with strong growth versus 2020. We'll get extremely specific by category other than to say our makeup category was one major category where versus 2019, in total, we were still short of 2019 performance. 
Having said that, we're seeing lots of encouraging signs. Our mass business is particularly strong. We've always been -- we've been working on for many years, building a really differentiated mass assortment with many brands that are exclusive or in limited distribution with us. Those partners have been leading innovation and driving new ways to connect with our guests, and that strength has really showed up in Q4. 
We had strong positive growth on a number of our brands and brands across the assortment in our mass NICs, e.l.f., kiss, Morphe, Maybelline, really across the portfolio, really pleased with the business on that side of the business. Prestige makeup, was not quite as strong. We -- but again, encouraging signs. Newness is kicking in, and we see a lot more coming as we look into the balance of the year. The performance that we've had for a while, prepandemic on Prestige has been challenging, but so many of our brand partners have reacted with strong innovation -- strong product innovation, new marketing approaches, connection through social media. And as customers come back in, as our guests come back in, we're anticipating that part of our business really strengthening over the balance of the year. 
A couple of highlights where, again, newness, I talked about it in the script, but we're seeing some newness across different areas of the business. Anastasia and brows, Benefit with Mascara new entry -- expanded performance in our luxury segment with HOURGLASS, newer brands like KVD Vegan and Jaclyn cosmetics, performance from some of our strongest largest brands like Clinique and Tarte. So we're seeing some encouraging signs, not quite yet back to 2019 and some uncertainty, how that will play out for the rest of the year. 
As your question about performance and how makeup performance is reflected in our guidance, we'd say we're still watching it closely. We're not anticipating a massive turnaround, but we do see some encouraging signs. And if newness strengthened throughout the rest of the year, we'd anticipate it performing even better. So good signs in makeup, great signs happening in all categories outside of makeup, and so the balance of our portfolio feels really helpful -- healthy right now. Kecia, do you want to talk about some regional?

Yes. We don't typically break that out that specifically. I'll just say we're really proud of our team in coming together to both reengage. I've talked in previous calls about the disruption in 2020 wasn't anything necessarily that they didn't like about Ulta. They just for all the obvious reasons, weren't engaged in 2020. And so the reengagement strategy across all aspects of our business, in particular, in our stores, really paid off with a lot of lapsed guests -- recently lapsed guest coming back in. But equally encouraged by the number of new members in this environment that we attracted. 
And what's exciting about that is there's a lot of disruption and a lot of potential new members that are maybe reevaluating their -- the way they engage in beauty, and we think our model is perfect for that. So strength across both, and we find it really a good sign and more to come throughout the rest of this year.

Yes. I'd say we're just getting a little more specific. We've been kind of talking in general terms previously and now a bit more specific in late summer. I'll say we're really excited about it. And I guess I'd ask Kecia to just give a quick update. Kecia, as I think was mentioned in the call, is leading our Target initiative, and we're very excited about the opportunity. Kecia, do you want to give where we are on that?

Great. Thank you all for joining us today. Fiscal 2021 is off to a great start, and I want to close by thanking the entire Ulta Beauty team for their collective efforts to support the business and to meaningfully engage with our guests at every touch point. Our team is the secret to our success, and I'm so grateful for their impact, particularly during these disrupted times. 
I also want to thank our brand partners for their continued support as we navigate the dynamic operating environment. We are encouraged by the momentum we're seeing in the business and excited about our opportunity as consumers gain confidence and engage in the new normal. While the sequence and sustainability of demand remains difficult to predict, our teams are prepared and actively engaged to capitalize on opportunities as they arise. We remain very excited about the opportunity for Ulta Beauty to continue leading the beauty category recovery and we look forward to speaking with all of you again in August when we report our second quarter results. Thank you.