Thank you, Laurel, and good afternoon, everyone. 
Ulta Beauty's strong performance in the third quarter reflects continued market share gains across all major categories, acceleration in our overall comp, driven by healthy traffic, excellent new store productivity and robust e-commerce growth. 
To summarize the headlines. Total sales increased 16.2%. We delivered 7.8% comp sales growth on top of 10.3% comps in the third quarter of 2017. Diluted earnings per share of $2.18 grew 28%. 
We just shared a lot of news at our Analyst Day last month, and today, I'll reiterate some of the information we discussed about each of our strategic imperatives, which position us to deliver industry-leading financial results. 
I'll begin with our effort to drive loyalty and to take our brand to the next level. We grew our Ultamate Rewards loyalty program to 30.6 million active members at the end of the third quarter, a 15.3% year-over-year increase. Loyalty member sales now represent more than 95% of our total revenues. We continue to benefit from the high engagement of our platinum- and diamond-level guests, garnering more than 40% share of wallet from these 2 tiers combined. These guests are over 3x more likely than our average guests to be omnichannel shoppers and take advantage of our services offering. They also have extremely high retention levels at more than 96%. 
Going forward, we expect to increase our focus in driving higher sales per member, and personalization is the next major tool for growing share of wallet. Our vision is to make every guest touch point personalized and relevant, building tools and capabilities to develop a closer connection to our guests so they feel even deeper loyalty to the Ulta Beauty brand. We're just in the early innings of personalization, and we're building expertise, both internally and through acquisitions to bolster our capabilities in this area. More on this topic in a bit. 
We also continue to grow our credit card portfolio and see a sustained lift in sales for our guests who hold the Ulta Beauty credit card. Sales of gift cards grew 35% in the quarter, driven by expanding distribution in other retailers this year, as well as strong growth in our own stores. We continue to grow awareness of the Ulta Beauty brand, now reaching all-time highs at 55% for unaided and 92% for aided awareness for the quarter. These milestones are supported by significant improvement on important brand attributes such as being considered exciting, fun, inspiring, experts in beauty and on trend. 
Last quarter, we discussed the launch of our new brand's purpose, "The Possibilities are Beautiful." This is a new articulation of our brand platform, celebrating the emotional and inclusive power of possibilities at Ulta Beauty. We believe we've moved past the point of driving awareness of the concept of Ulta Beauty, All Things Beauty, All in One Place, to one of being able to create a true emotional connection with our current and prospective guests. This is how great brands create loyalty and drive growth over the long haul. 
To support the launch, we commissioned a consumer study to understand beauty standards and perceptions of beauty today in order to facilitate this important discussion. We brought this to life with the partnership with NBC Universal's platforms, including NBC, E! and Telemundo, which garnered millions of impressions and engagement with our brand. 
As part of our efforts to connect more closely with the key consumer segments of millennials, Latinas, Gen Z and African Americans, we've launched specific efforts to drive awareness with each group. For example, we're partnering with Essence and Girls United to increase academic potential, confidence and leadership of young women aged 12 to 17, and leveraging partnerships with influencers and media partners that are most relevant to these consumer groups. 
In addition to our new brand equity campaign that launched a few months ago, we began running new holiday commercials with the theme, Shine Brighter, in early November, focused on the Ulta Beauty as the destination for both glamming and gifting. 
Let me turn now to an update on our merchandise assortment, focused on innovation, differentiation, exclusivity, relevancy and speed to market. During the third quarter, we benefited from double-digit comp growth in mass cosmetics, prestige skincare, fragrance, prestige boutique brands and sun care. Prestige cosmetics showed modest improvement in comp sales performance compared to the prior quarter, suggesting encouraging stabilization of our largest category. 
We positioned Ulta Beauty as the partner of choice for brands across the beauty spectrum, from classic brands to established indie brands to new and emerging brands, but we believe there's significant opportunity to grow with each of these groups in multiple expressions and formats. In fact, we've recently launched an emerging brands team focused on identifying new and [ offering ] digitally native brands. This team has developed customized processes to onboard and incubate smaller or emergent brands with partnerships with all areas of our business in order to ensure successful launches of these brands which are often not accustomed to a retail environment. 
We're excited to be participating in the rapid rise of influencers' celebrity-driven brands. Kylie Cosmetics is off to a strong start, with 28 SKUs launched in-store on November 17 and a more curated assortment online. We also announced the introduction of 4 Kim Kardashian-West fragrances for holidays, which launched in-store only. Both brands have been very supportive of these launches with the series of social media posts by Kylie and Kim, who each have 120 million Instagram followers. Kylie also made a personal appearance at one of our Houston stores the weekend of the launch. 
Other examples of influencer-led brands are the launch of the Beauty Bakerie, Juvia's Place and the expansion of Morphe. Morphe is now in 10 feet with an elevated presentation at all stores, and we launched an exclusive collaboration on November 16 with James Charles, an influencer with over 10 million Instagram followers. 
Our holiday plans have been well executed by the teams with many exclusive products and kits, elevated gift with purchase offerings for fragrance and a strong Black Friday, Cyber Monday offer as well as our early December Beauty Blitz program. Combined with the new holiday television and radio creative and in-store marketing, we're confident that we have implemented a comprehensive merchandising and marketing plan to position Ulta Beauty as a compelling destination for holiday shopping. 
Now touching on our services business. Salon sales grew 10.7% and comped 3.5%, driven by average ticket increases and benefiting from increased traffic in our stores. 
To update you on the rollout of our service optimization program. Our new services model is now in over 30% of the chain. We continue to see encouraging results and will continue to roll it out to additional markets in early 2019. This program was built to attract and retain top stylists who provide exceptional services. The components of services optimization are: compensation designed to retain top talent; industry-leading internal training and education; simplified menus; transparent pricing; as well as dedicated field teams focused on business and technical training to support our 8,000 stylists. 
We continue to roll out the Skin Bar at Ulta Beauty, and now has this format at 174 stores. We plan to have 188 stores with the Skin Bar by year-end, and 50 of them will be multi-branded, offering services with brand partners Dermalogica, Murad, Kate Somerville and Kiehl's. Early results are promising for increased product sales as well as guest satisfaction. 
We're now testing a new salon appointment-booking tool, in partnership with technology startup, Spruce. We developed an enhanced tool for booking appointments for all services, including hair, skin, brows and makeup. The booking tool is faster and easier to use and elevates guests' engagement. We expect to roll the booking tool out through 2019, with further enhancements to the platform teed up for next year. 
And now let me turn to real estate. We opened 42 stores in the third quarter compared to 48 last year, and closed 3, ending the quarter with 1,163 stores. 
New stores continued to deliver sales ahead of expectations, and we recently updated our new store model to reflect the strength of the new store portfolio, with year 1 stores achieving sales of $3.5 million on average and ramping to $5 million by the fifth year of operation. 
With increased confidence in the next several years of store growth, we've narrowed our U.S. store target range of 1,500 to 1,700 and will slightly moderate new store openings in the next few years, with plans to open 80 stores in 2019, 75 stores in 2020 and 70 stores in 2021. This moderation is planned in tandem with the greater focus on portfolio repositioning as a large number of store leases is coming up for renewal in the next several years. 
Moving on to our e-commerce sales and our recent efforts to create an innovation ecosystem. Ulta.com sales grew 42.5% and represented nearly 11% of total company revenue. E-commerce contributed 340 basis points to the total company comp, driven by transaction growth. Total traffic growth rose close to 36%, with mobile traffic up 44%. We continue to see strong demand for our store-to-door or save-the-sale program, and we're now testing buy online, pick up in-store in 47 locations. 
Now I'd like to recap some of the important announcements we made at our Analyst Day in November. We described how we're building an innovation ecosystem with a series of partnerships and acquisitions. We recently invested in a multiyear strategic partnership with Iterate, a technology solutions company and workflow platform. Iterate helps large companies harness the best digital innovations and allows us to tap into technology talents in Silicon Valley and Colorado as well as share knowledge across industries. Iterate tracks trends, provides research and curates technology partnership opportunities. And for Ulta Beauty, it enables rapid prototyping and gives us access to startups that would be most suited to our needs. 
In addition to this important partnership, we're also accelerating innovation by building internal capabilities. For the first time in the company's history, we made acquisitions of 2 small tech startups, GlamST and QM Scientific, to support our digital experience roadmap and develop an innovation pipeline. We welcome these entrepreneur founders and their teams to the Ulta Beauty family. We're excited to work together with these teams to unlock personalization in a differentiated way. 
GlamST has been our partner for the past few years behind the development of GLAM LAB, our virtual try and experience in our mobile app. Bringing these capabilities in-house will allow us to move faster in developing our augmented reality offerings. They combine AR, AI and machine learning capabilities and focus on virtual makeover solutions, image processing, graphics and effects. 
QM Scientific is an artificial intelligence startup, recognized as a disruptor in the retail space. Their capabilities include artificial intelligence, recommendations, computer vision, natural language processing and visual search. 
Both GlamST and QM Scientific bring technology leadership, guest experience focus, capabilities and the right cultural fit with Ulta Beauty. Connecting these strategic relationships and partnerships start to frame up our approach to digital innovation, an ecosystem where we rely on capable technology partners, work closely with Iterate as an innovation workflow partner, and as an extension of our Ulta Beauty team as well as invest in assets and bring in-house technologies and talents that are core to our future. We view this structure as an efficient way to accelerate our digital innovation capabilities on our path to deliver world-class digital experiences, including much greater personalization. 
And now turning to an update on our supply chain operations. Strong in-stock levels, coupled with good control of inventory per door growth were the highlights of our supply chain team's performance in the quarter. Our newest distribution center in Fresno is ramping quickly, now serving 173 stores and 21% of e-commerce orders. In concert with the continued ramp of our 3 newer buildings, we are reducing activity in our Phoenix DC in preparation for its closure next year. 
We see a significant opportunity to improve working capital in the years ahead. As part of the efficiencies for growth cost optimization program, we're launching an SKU-rationalization project. We're also benefiting from better inventory visibility and markdown tools. Over time, we'll get the entire supply chain network on a common operating model as well as continue to drive end-to-end process improvements. As a result, we expect to see modest inventory turn improvement each year over the next several years, with the goal of 50 basis points of improvement over the next 5 years. 
So with that, I will turn it over to Scott to discuss in more detail the drivers of our third quarter financials and outlook for the fourth quarter and the full year.

Yes. I mean -- Joe, it's Mary. I would say that we guided the best we can with the information that we have. I feel really good about what we have in place for holiday, whether it's like -- you mentioned the brand launches off to a strong start, our holiday marketing, our exclusives, our gift with purchase, they're all -- we're lined up really well, I'd say, to be competitive and have a strong quarter, but really, this is just our best estimate at this point.

Sure, Anthony. And I won't say this is Mary because I bet you could guess this is Mary. But anyways, I'm going to start. I'll let -- ask Dave to add more color. I'll tell you, this is something that we've been at now for multiple years, right, just the opportunity to put the brand of Ulta Beauty on the map literally and figuratively. And that's driven by a whole lot of factors, and we've been measuring it. It's not even just about, do people know us, but is there a meaningful understanding of what we are about. And I do believe that this next level of creative that we've launched is going to deepen not just to people who know about Ulta Beauty, but do they understand what we stand for? But maybe you can add some color in terms of the tactics.

Well, these are deep questions. I'll start, and just say a couple of things. Well, the store of the future, we talked a bit at the Analyst Day. It's early. And our thinking, we're not going to share a lot of the direction. I'd say, high level the notion of the ability to be very experiential and lead our guest where they are is going to be critical, we think, and important in the beauty category. We think Ulta Beauty will be able to do that, serve that need really well. But to your point -- and underpinning technology through everything we do. So these investments in these companies, we see as ways to drive a personalized experience across all touch points, and that would be an underpinning. I think, in the future, we would imagine not surprisingly, that there's less and less friction in the transaction happening in-store, right, more time -- less time tasking and checking out, and a lot more time spent consulting and just having fun with beauty. So we see them all as working together. And frankly, the place that we can play the best is to bring together ease and convenience with discovery and a true human experience that's both physical and emotional. And that -- and just kind of in a big picture ways how we think about our, not just store but experience in the future.

So yes, on the third, I would say, just a combination of factors, but more about the fair number of remodels and expansions of brands that happened in the quarter and a lot of new brands coming in that just -- we make a call. Clearance is not something that's -- it's not like we never do this. This happens periodically. So in this instance, it was bigger, it was an opportunity, we thought, to really clear out inventory and get us set up for the holiday. It's not something that we expect to repeat at that scale in the fourth quarter for sure. But it's just one of those business calls that we made that we think were right for the business at the time.

Yes. So this is a crystal ball moment, right? And Dave and I can tag team with [indiscernible]. What I would say in the prestige, we're encouraged as well that, that's an encouraging sign about stabilization of that side of the -- that part of the business. It's big. It's very important to us. But it really is sort of like a tale of different brands. There are some brands that had huge 2015 and '16s that are still struggling a bit with kind of matching that kind of growth and others that are seeing stellar growth. So in total, that sort of mutes, I guess, a little bit, but it's still a healthy segment. Use of cosmetics and innovation in all aspects of color is continuing to be huge out there, and of course, there's the channels that aren't -- the brands that aren't measured in our traditional channel. So there's a lot of growth and innovation for us to participate in that we feel good in. I feel good about what's happening with the other segments of the business with prestige skin, as you said, mass cosmetics, fragrance, all with double-digit comps for us. So anything you'd add to that, that I missed on that, Dave, [indiscernible]?

Go ahead, Dave.

Yes. And I would just add, Erinn. I think that with the emerging brands, it's really across the board that we'll see innovation, right? So across categories and price points, not just mass.

Sure. I'll start on the promotion question. I would reframe it. It's really not that any one tactic is about that. I'd say, if you step back, we have a wide variety of tools in our toolkit, I guess, I'd call it, to drive traffic, to drive share gains, to make our guests very excited and happy. And the 20% off is just actually one of many tools that we do. Everything is designed to do -- to get new guests and increase share of wallet for existing guests. And increasingly, I'm really proud about the fact that our teams have, over the past several quarters and years, really created a much more sophisticated set of tools that involve everything from the ability to invest in awareness to our loyalty program. And as we just talked about, the investment in these new capabilities that we have to really use that in a more personalized way. So it's all in a journey of how do you make sure that you're excited for the guests, you're competitive, you drive a profitable growth and driving market share gains. And there's -- you'll continue to see a whole array of ways that we do that.

Yes, we're not going to comment on the current quarter. I feel like, as I said earlier, really good about what our teams have put in place from a merchant side, the product offerings, the marketing, our store teams, our distribution teams are performing at exceptional levels. So I think we're in good shape, but I'll leave it at that.

Thank you. 
I would just like to close by thanking our 40,000 associates for delivering another strong quarter as they're working hard to get the stores, website and DCs ready for the busy holiday season, all while continuing to elevate the guest experience. 
So I look forward to speaking to all of you again, and happy holidays. Thank you.