Thank you, Laurel, and good afternoon, everyone. 2019 is off to a strong start with solid first quarter financial performance. Total sales increased 12.9%, and we achieved a 7% comp on top of an 8.1% comp in the first quarter of 2018. These top line results reflect a healthy balance of traffic and ticket growth as well as continued double-digit comp across growth in mass category, skincare and fragrance, tempered by mixed performance in prestige cosmetics. We're driving stellar growth with expansion brands like Clinique, MAC, Lancôme, Estée Lauder and NARS. But this isn't yet sufficient to offset the continuous softness in several large established prestige cosmetic brands.
Gross profit leverage was a highlight during the quarter, benefiting from progress with our Efficiencies for Growth initiatives and stable promotions year-over-year, which helped to offset ongoing channel, category and brand mix headwinds. Continued progress on our strategic imperatives drove our performance during the quarter, and I'll give a brief update on each one.
Beginning with our strategies to increase loyalty and evolve our brand. Our Ultamate Rewards loyalty program grew to 32.6 million active members, representing member growth of 14% on a rolling 12-month basis. Our store associates continue to do a fantastic job in bringing new guests to the program. We're also seeing healthy increases in Diamond and Platinum members. Credit card account growth was above plan, and we are maintaining the nearly 50% increase in incremental spend from guests once they become cardholders. Gift card sales increased 32% in the first quarter, continuing to benefit from the expansion of our third-party distribution partnerships.
Brand awareness continues to reach new highs at 56% for unaided awareness compared to 53% last year and 92% for aided awareness compared to 90% a year ago, reflecting the ongoing success of our Possibilities Are Beautiful campaign and more broadly, our strategies to make a more emotional connection with our guests. 
We're making good progress driving awareness across age groups and ethnicities, and we're maintaining a position of strength relative to competition. Our marketing activities during the quarter focused on our spring trend promotion, our signature 21 Days Of Beauty event, the launch of our exclusive Tarte Sugar Rush brand, which is targeted to Gen Z beauty enthusiasts, and Mother's Day. This year, we enhanced our Mother's Day efforts with the launch of a new in-store program in partnership with Save the Children. We invited our guests to donate to the Ulta Beauty Charitable Foundation at point of sale in support of Save the Children's early childhood programming and disaster relief efforts in the U.S., raising more than $1.1 million. We continue to advance our brand purpose with our Girls United partnership with Essence, supporting and empowering young black women through mentorship.
Moving on to the strategic imperative to delight our guests with a merchandise assortment, where innovation, differentiation, exclusivity, relevancy and speed-to-market are key. Our merchant team is focused on curating a highly differentiated set of offerings across all categories. We continue to gain share across all major categories in both mass and prestige, with Ulta Beauty again driving all the growth in the prestige beauty industry year-to-date based on NPD data. We're very pleased with the performance of fragrance, mass cosmetics, prestige iconic brands, prestige skincare, Pro Hair, suncare and PCA. However, prestige cosmetics is still quite a bit softer than the rest of the portfolio, with spring newness generally underperforming our expectations. However, late in the quarter, we set several promising new collections, including highly anticipated launches such as Urban Decay's Game of Thrones collection, a Disney Aladdin limited edition collection by MAC, a line of NARS limited edition blushes and lip products and Tarte's Big Ego mascara. Also we're encouraged by the pipeline we see for the rest of the year.
Kylie Cosmetics continues to drive traffic and incremental sales with new products, including eyeshadow pallets and the Kris Jenner Momager palette. We plan to add blushes, highlighters, bronzers and a birthday pallet, which will be flown into stores in a few weeks. 
In April, we launched UOMA Beauty, a new makeup line inspired by African beauty, which is exclusive to us. UOMA is an innovative bold product line with a focus on diversity and unity and offers vivid color and inclusive shades for all women. The centerpiece of the brand is a line of foundations with 6 custom formulas, including skincare benefits offered in many shades. We continue to roll out Clinique, Lancôme, Benefit and MAC in additional stores, adding a total of 50 new doors during the quarter. Performance was strong across the board, with MAC leading the pack. We plan to add several hundred expressions of these 4 brands this year in various formats, including boutiques, gondola runs and wall presentations. The majority of the rollouts throughout the remainder of the year will be in presentations without dedicated payroll. 
Mass cosmetics continue to perform very well following a significant reset earlier in the year. This reflow further differentiated our mass cosmetics assortment with additional space dedicated to exclusive or limited distribution brands that are preferred by younger consumers, including Morphe, Revolution Beauty, BH Cosmetics, e.l.f. and ColourPop. We plan to continue to invest in fixtures and labor to execute more frequent reflows to keep our vibrant unique assortment fresh and compelling for our guests. 
Prestige skincare delivered double-digit comps, helped by the success of our new and loved curated assortment highlighting guest favorite brands. Kiehl's has a dozen of their top sellers in all Ulta Beauty doors in this section, and the brand will be in more than 100 doors with a broader assortment by year-end. We're bringing a focus on wellness to the forefront in our prestige skincare assortment, with clean-ingredient brands like TULA, Kopari, Little Barn Apothecary, Trilogy and The Better Skin Co. While new brands were the key driver of our performance in skincare, we also drove impressive growth in a legacy brand like Philosophy by running a special event which highlighted the brand in our services business.
Fragrance, despite tough comparisons from last year, was the best performing major category during the quarter, delivering a high-teens comp and significant market share gains. New fragrances from Ariana Grande and Versace led the growth in this category.
Haircare delivered strong high single-digit comp growth, aided by a reflow that improved the assortment and shopping experience for color and texture. These categories significantly improved our comp trends following the reflow.
Smaller categories were also very robust, with accessories and suncare delivering double-digit comps. Personal care appliances were bolstered by strong demand for Dyson hairdryers and the Revlon One-Step Volumizer Hair Dryer.
In the bath category, we're responding to consumers' growing interest in wellness and clean beauty and are launching a new wellness assortment in 350 stores. This will expand to 700 doors later this year and features 8 brands. Many of the 80 items in the assortment are exclusive to Ulta Beauty, including the Ulta Beauty essentials oil -- essential oils collection.
Our emerging brands team launched 8 brands in the first quarter across multiple categories, including Cannuka skincare with CBD, Black Moon Cosmetics, DHC skincare, that brings together Japanese innovation and botanical ingredients, Grande Cosmetics, Sara Happ lip products, Nurse Jamie skincare products and tools and Erborian skincare, that combines sophisticated Korean technologies with high-quality ingredients derived from herbs found in traditional Korean medicine. More than 20 additional brands are planned to launch in the second quarter, including many online-only brands.
So next, an update on our services business. Our services team drove strong performance across all major categories, color, cut and style, blowouts and skin treatments. After launching the ability to redeem loyalty points on services, we saw a meaningful increase in loyalty members using the salon for the first time as well as an increase in overall active members using the salon. We also drove new guest acquisition through events like our Galentine's promotion, offering $30 blowouts when guests booked with a friend and received a gift with service. We are now rolling out our services optimization program to the full chain. As a reminder, the components of the program are compensation designed to attract and retain top talent, industry-leading internal training and education, simplified menus, transparent pricing and an updated skill team focused on business and technical training in each district.
We train district managers and general managers on the new program during the spring, and in-market training is taking place across the country, with all regions planned to be rolled out by the end of June. We're seeing significant improvement in stylist retention in regions that were converted to the new program last year, and this is an important metric since tenure of our salon associates has the highest correlation to our best-performing salons. The program is also driving a significant increase in product sales in the high-margin professional haircare category. Ulta Beauty's Pro and Design teams had a big presence at America's Beauty Show in Chicago, hosting demos during this key industry event, which welcomed over 65,000 salon service professionals. Hundreds of attendees were excited to submit applications on site to join the Ulta Beauty salon teams. Through events like this one, we continue to focus on hiring and retaining great talent and elevating Ulta Beauty's profile in the salon industry.
And now turning to store growth. We opened 22 new stores in the first quarter compared to 34 net new stores last year, ending the quarter with 1,196 stores. New store productivity remains very strong, with first year sales trending ahead of plan as well as IRR sales hurdles. We're on track to open 80 stores this year, the majority in suburban strip centers and power centers.
And now I'd like to share some exciting news about our growth plan. While we have years of attractive domestic growth ahead of us, we've been evaluating the potential for growth beyond U.S. borders for some time. Today, we're announcing our decision to expand internationally and establish Ulta Beauty as a global brand with our first market entry in Canada. International expansion represents an attractive and incremental long-term growth platform, which extends our core capabilities and leverages our value proposition. Over the past few years, we've extensively studied the market opportunity in multiple countries and evaluated various operational models. 
We believe that the Ulta Beauty value proposition is very relevant and differentiated in multiple geographies around the globe. And Canada is an attractive and logical place to start. We're planning to launch stores and e-commerce in Canada, but we won't be sharing a lot of details yet for competitive reasons. We can say that we're planning to start small but are prepared to scale quickly as we learn and see success. The startup investment to support the Canada launch is expected to put modest pressure on the P&L this year, but we still expect to deliver financial results within our guidance range. Our Canadian business is not expected to be material to sales or income for the next few years as we thoughtfully build a foundation to become a global beauty retailer over the long term.
Now moving on to an update on our progress in our digital experience and innovation. We continue to invest in omnichannel capabilities to enhance the guest experience and support our buy anywhere, fill anywhere strategies. Our save-a-sale program called store-to-door, where store associates assist guests with ordering products online when they aren't available in store is performing well. It's improving guest satisfaction, particularly as we expand our assortment of emerging and digitally native brands that are frequently offered in limited doors. Store-to-door demand increased about 20% versus last year during the first quarter. We're also seeing growth in awareness and usage of buy online, pick up in store, currently operating in 47 stores. We redesigned the find-in-store functionality on our website to support the upcoming full chain rollout of buy online, pick up in store to improve and simplify the guest experience. We've also rolled out enhancements to the mobile app, including an improved order history view to make reordering or replenishing more efficient and improved usability of our GLAM LAB, live try-on function driven by our recently acquired GlamST subsidiary. We're launching live try-on for Android next month after launching the iPhone version back in January.
Augmented reality innovation includes testing in in-store Ulta digital stylists in 6 pilot stores. This tool, intended for our associates in the salon or brow bars to show possibilities to guests in the store, offers virtual try-on for hair color, makeup and eyebrow-shaping. From an AI innovation perspective, we launched the skincare virtual beauty advisor on ulta.com, enabling guests to explore our skincare assortment by concern or by product. The virtual beauty advisor asks a series of dynamically generated questions and presents a set of personalized recommendations that can be further reviewed and then purchased. This user-friendly interactive experience is another great example of how last year's strategic acquisitions are adding value.
Our e-commerce team recently partnered with guest services and IT to deliver our first production chatbot experience on our customer conversation platform. These initial experiences automate our communication with guests in response to frequently asked questions about loyalty points or birthday e-mails.
And lastly, I'll recap our supply chain performance. We delivered excellent in-stock levels in the first quarter with a rapid recovery following better-than-expected Q4 sales and post-holiday out-of-stocks. With good control of overall inventory levels, inventory turns improved and came out -- came in ahead of our goal. Our transportation team continues to focus on service-level enhancements and costs and improved on-time store delivery by about 40 basis points in the first quarter. We're also collaborating closely with our brand partners to measure and improve performance and compliance with our supply chain requirements. Since implementing the program in the fall of last year, we've seen a 200 basis point improvement in fill rates. As part of our omnichannel strategy, buy online and pick up in store will be deployed chain-wide this summer, and we'll begin testing ship-from-store capabilities in 5 stores this fall. 
Our Fresno distribution center continues to ramp up and is now serving 245 stores and fulfilling 22% of e-commerce orders. The conversion of our Romeoville distribution center into an e-commerce fast fulfillment center is underway and on track to open this summer. The second FFC is planned to open in the summer of 2020 in Jacksonville, Florida. FFCs serve e-commerce orders only and are designed to fill up to 30,000 orders per day during peak times. These facilities are part of the infrastructure plan we're executing to attain our goal of 2-day e-commerce shipping by 2021.
Now before I turn it over to Scott, I want to share with you that this will be Laurel's last earnings call as she has decided to retire after 7 years at Ulta Beauty and a long and successful career in Investor Relations. She's been a value partner and resource to me, our leadership team and our Board of Directors, and we're grateful for her many contributions to the company. So while we're very sad to say farewell to Laurel, we are delighted to welcome Kiley Rawlins, who's joined us to succeed Laurel and lead our Investor Relations function. Many of you already know Kiley, who has more than 25 years of experience building and leading Investor Relations for retail Fortune 500 companies. She has served in Investor Relations and Communications leadership positions at Michaels, Family Dollar Stores and Dollar General, demonstrating her ability to proactively manage investor relation programs and engage with internal and external stakeholders to serve as an effective spokesperson to the investment community. Kiley holds a Bachelor Degree in Commerce from the University of Virginia and is a CFA. You can anticipate a seamless transition as Kiley joins Patrick Flaherty, our Senior Manager of Investor Relations, to support our mission to provide high-quality service to analysts and shareholders. I know you'll be joining me in congratulating Laurel on her well-deserved retirement and in welcoming Kiley to the Ulta Beauty team.
And with that, I'll turn it over to Scott to discuss in more detail the drivers of our first quarter financials and the outlook for the rest of the year.

Well, it's a -- I mean the good news is, with our model, that we offer a lot of different brands and categories, et cetera. So we have discussed this before. Prestige cosmetics category have struggled in '18, and some of the brands continue to struggle in terms of comping over some strong growth in previous years. We've continued to gain share in all the track channels, which is great. We also -- not all the data that you see is measured in all the -- or the marketplace is not all captured in tracking reports, so a lot of growth happening from digital and native brands, and we're obviously participating in that well. So we continue to see the category as healthy overall. We're going to continue to add new brands and work with our brand partners to continue to drive innovation pipelines and balance, I guess, the risk of that with the other great newness that we bring into the box.

Sure. Thank you, Oliver. As you can imagine, I'm going to stay very high-level on this in terms of we're not -- we don't want to disclose a lot, to folks about what we're doing exactly, okay? But we do -- we're very excited about the opportunity. I mean we've got years of domestic growth ahead, but we do see this as a next step in our long-term growth journey. I would say we've done a lot of diligence in the last couple of years understanding consumer categories, competitive dynamics, just like you're asking, not just in Canada, but in other key geographies, studying success and failure, precedence and learning. And bottom line is that we do believe whitespace opportunity exists for the Ulta Beauty proposition because it's differentiated, right, in terms of experiences in-store and online, breadth and depth of offerings in what is an important and growing category. So it's incremental growth for us. I guess back to your question, I would think about it more of leveraging our core competencies, but also being open to some modifications and local adaptations as needed. So how that plays out relative to offerings, you can imagine that or a real estate model, but overall, we plan to stay true to the Ulta Beauty business model. We know it's working, and what we have studied and believe is the opportunity is something that's pretty close to that.

Yes, lots more details to come, but you can imagine, I think, that we feel good about our ability to create the Ulta Beauty brand and that's obviously behind our list of important priorities from the start. So that's all I'll say now.

Yes, I'll make a couple of comments. I'll ask Dave to add more to this because he obviously is quite expert in this arena as well. But I would say this is not a factor for all brands in prestige, right, so it's really like a few large prestige brands that are having a tough time comping over some amazing growth they have had for a couple of years. We have many prestige brands that are doing quite well. So we do our best, level best as can be, and be as direct and transparent as we can about how we feel about the pipeline. But of course, it's in partnership with our brand partners, and like I said, the fact that we have an array of choices that we can make in the marketplace work to our advantage given our box. So David, anything else you want to add on the prestige question...

I love it. I wish you could see their faces. That's good, and thank you.

And I'll add lastly on that tariff question. So -- and we've said this before. We're certainly less exposed than other retailers. Most cosmetics, fragrance, haircare, liquids were made in North America and Europe, but we have some in Ulta Beauty Collection, some things that are made in China. But we're -- it's small. We're managing it through supplier relations and pricing, if needed. So we consider that a pretty small impact for us.

How about we tag team. I'll take the newness one and then I'll give Dave the other question, which is great. I would just say, yes, newness is really obviously continues to be really important to our business and to our guests. In this quarter, we saw a strong contribution from some categories like prestige skincare, [ EOS ] and Tula, mass cosmetics, the refill I talked about, those are the exclusives. We saw strong contribution there, I'd say, somewhat less on prestige cosmetics. There are some tough comps versus year ago on some of that. So overall, I'd say, not a significant in terms -- relative to Q4, we had some pretty high profile launches, but still obviously, very important key strategy and we continue to feel good about the continued cadence of newness that's coming.

Sure. I'll start with the promotional question, Adrienne. I would say that certainly the beauty market remains competitive and offering a strong value proposition is always going to be important for us. So we haven't seen -- I guess, I'd say material increases in competitive promotions, but it as intense as ever, I guess, I'd say, and it's evolving. We're going to continue to evolve. Our promotion level for the quarter was pretty consistent year-over-year. So obviously, we always look for opportunities to sort of optimize how we think about using promotional levers and that's not going to change. So we prioritize our loyalty and our CRM platform in getting more and more -- able to be more personalized offers obviously that's a kind of Holy Grail. We continue to test and learn behind the scenes there's a lot happening that is hard to track but testing different circs and values and reminders and durations, so all those in the spirit of optimizing return on that investment. So I think we've got the right track, the tools to drive traffic and sales and deploy them in a balanced way and will continue to, as we do all the time, keep a very close eye on the competitive environment as well.

Yes, and -- so we talked about this last quarter as well. So it's an evolution, I guess, is the way I think about it. They are brands that have a service component, like Benefit Brows and MAC makeup artistry. We'll continue to have dedicated labor in most stores. Other brands, Clinique and Lancôme should be rolling them into all of our stores with various expressions that make sense to the store from -- could be a full boutique as we know it today with labor or could be a gondola run, a wall presentation. So we're working with our brand partners to really optimize the best way to do that for both us and for them.

Yes, and today is not the day I'm going to get into details on this, but I can assure you that we've studied this intensely for a long period of time deeply. And that includes case studies around success and failure. So I think we're fully aware and trying to take into consideration everything that we know and have learned and take it, like I said in the script, sort of start small but be prepared to scale aggressively if we see success, so I appreciate the comment. Understand that fully, but all those things are things we'll talk more about as we get further down the pike.

I'll start high level, and I'll open it up to David, if he wants to add more. But yes, Dana, thank you. This is one of those things that I would say, it's not going to be like a flip of a switch, where all of a sudden, you'll be able -- we'll be able to sort of feel this dramatic impact. It's going to build over time. I'm really excited that we have got a strong start. 
And that the acquisitions that we made last year, the team is integrated exceptionally well with our team, digital innovation to drive our top line and other efficiencies will be a key theme really for us, I guess, forever. I don't think that ever changes. So I use a few examples on the -- in the script that are ready live now. And I think a great example is our GLAM LAB, which is live tryout functionality. It works really well and that's a big improvement to what it was before with the static photo, many examples. So I guess we -- behind the scenes, we're constantly measuring, testing and measuring and seeing impacts, and we're confident that this is going to continue to drive growth for us. 
Is there any other color you want to add to this, Dave?

I'd just like to close by thanking all of the Ulta Beauty associates for a strong start to the year and delivering solid financial results and operational excellence across the enterprise while everybody's been working very hard to also lay the foundation to realize our many future growth opportunities. So we look forward to speaking with all of you again soon. Thank you.