Yes. Oliver, category performance on e-com really mirrors the total company performance that we highlighted in the script. So strength across skincare, haircare, bath, fragrance, exceptionally strong and continued challenges although some bright spots in makeup. So nothing different about our e-commerce business versus our store from a category standpoint with real strength and growth coming outside of the makeup category. So we're pleased with that. 
As it relates to the -- our loyalty program, I'll just start with saying we are really -- remain incredibly proud of what we believe is one of the best loyalty programs in all of retail. And even with some of the challenges we faced this year, we know our guests continue to love the program. They're highly engaged in that program. Our brand partners continue to find a lot of value through the access and the insights that they get by engaging in that program. Our elite guests, our diamond and platinum guests are still highly engaged. It is working at a very high level, and we're really glad that we -- we've always been glad to have it, and we certainly have been happy to have that as part of our arsenal this year as we face this unprecedented times. 
But yes, we did see a decline this year, primarily due to store closures. That hurts our new member conversion, and it also impacts retention because, as you know, while our e-commerce business is growing, and we have a significant increase in penetration of our member base at our e-commerce, it's still a majority store-based user loyalty program. And some of those guests, particularly the least engaged, the non-elite guests, we have seen a bit of a hit on retention with those least tenured guests. 
Importantly, as I think Mary mentioned in the script, our retention with our most tenured guests, the platinum and diamond, remains very strong, and we're seeing a lot of strong performance in that. So with nearly 32 million members, we're -- we feel like it's still very strong, and we're focused on reactivating guests, continuing to drive strong engagement with our engaged guests and those elite guests. But as a reminder, we do calculate loyalty -- the number of our loyalty program over rolling 12 months. And so as each month goes by, we're still lapping a pre-COVID period through this -- through the next several months. So we're working hard to reengage our guests, but we'll continue to be lapping a period where we weren't facing the challenges, particularly in our store fleet. So we're anticipating some challenges with our less tenured guests for a little while but focused on retaining them and seeing strength as we emerge out of this in 2021.

Then on your promotional question for the holidays, of course, as we've talked about before, holiday is always a very promotional time frame for every retailer. And we see it as not just competing against other beauty retailers, but really other categories as well as we're competing for the gift-giving occasions. So naturally, we see an increase in promotionality. We also, as Mary mentioned, have -- we've pulled up our promotions and changed the cadence a bit, and we're seeing that across the category as well as more effort to spread promotional activity around, to give guests more opportunities to feel more comfortable shopping both in store and online to manage their gift-giving and personal occasions. 
Overall, we see it as competitive. We've seen some competitors be a bit more promotional. We've seen brands a bit more aggressive in some limited time offers, in their DTC. I wouldn't classify that as a dramatic or radical shift in promotionality. And as always, we're watching the market very closely. We've got great tools in place. We feel like the efforts we've implemented so far this holiday season this quarter have been effective. And we're confident in the promotional plans that we have, both leading up through the rest of Christmas and then post holiday as well. So feel good about the position and certainly managing and monitoring it on a daily basis.

Yes. I'd just say certainly, it's, as you said in your question, a really disrupted time to try to measure consumer dynamics. And so we're watching closely on share of wallet. What we do know is we continue to gain share, and we talked about this, I think, in previous calls and discussions, gaining share on the prestige side, we're across categories within prestige, makeup, skincare, haircare. We've seen that consistently. 
As we talked in previous calls, we lost -- we feel like we lost some share as our stores were shut earlier in the pandemic in the mass side, and our mass competitors remained open, which would imply a bit of a short-term hit on share of wallet, but we're seeing that business strengthen and perform really well in Q3. And so confident in that. So we're going to wait for the dust to fully settle on 2020 to really assess the impact of share of wallet. What we do know is we came into this pandemic with real momentum and strength across categories and price points, gaining share, gaining share of wallet, gaining customer growth. There's been disruption, but we think our model, as Mary said, is quite strong. We think we're very well positioned to accelerate out of this and continue the path of driving growth and share across all dimensions.