Thanks, Mary. 
Before I discuss our priorities for 2021, I want to thank you, Mary, for your world-class and exceptional leadership of Ulta Beauty, and personally, for your mentorship. Your impact on our company has been tremendous. Under your leadership, Ulta Beauty has grown to become a beloved beauty destination, known as a welcoming and accessible place for guests and an inclusive workplace, offering outstanding career opportunities for associates. I'm grateful to have worked alongside you for many years and look forward to your ongoing support and guidance as I transition to my new role in June. 
I also want to express my sincere appreciation to our Board of Directors for the opportunity to become Ulta Beauty's next CEO and to all of our associates and partners for their continued support. 
In addition, I want to offer congratulations to Kecia on her well-deserved promotion to Chief Operating Officer. I look forward to leading with Kecia and our experienced diverse executive team in service of our Ulta Beauty associates, our guests and our shareholders. 
I am passionate about the beauty category, the vibrant and dynamic business we have built, and the role we play in the beauty industry and in our guests' lives. Ulta Beauty is the leading destination for beauty discovery and meaningful human experiences, and I am excited and humbled by the opportunity to lead such a strong organization through the next phase of its growth. 
As Mary said earlier, fiscal 2020 was a difficult year, but our teams met the challenges with agility, creativity and an unwavering focus on serving our guests. As a result, we begin 2021 with a strong foundation from which we can accelerate our growth and shape how guests experience beauty in the post-COVID environment. 
As we think about growth opportunities in the new normal, we are focused on 6 strategic priorities to continue expanding our market share gains and extending our competitive advantages. 
First, we are committed to meeting guests wherever they want to shop, whether it's in physical stores or on digital platforms. To support this commitment, we're building capabilities to win in an increasingly omnichannel world. This is not a new journey for us. And as Mary noted, we made a lot of progress in 2020. As we look forward to 2021, we plan to continue to expand and refresh our store fleet, including opening approximately 40 net new stores this year; further accelerate our e-commerce business through elevated marketing, loyalty engagement and advancement on our journey to create a more personalized experience for our guests on all our digital platforms; continue to evolve our supply chain to enable more flexibility while also supporting our omnichannel strategies; and as the newest pillar in our omnichannel strategy, successfully open Ulta Beauty at Target. 
Since our November announcement about the new partnership with Target, our teams continue to make progress to bring our vision to life. Our brands are excited to partner with us, and we have more brands than originally considered for the space, with strong support from our largest brand partners as well as several brands, which are exclusive to Ulta Beauty across makeup, skin, skincare, haircare and fragrance. We remain confident that this partnership is an innovative, forward-looking approach to further delight our existing members while also acquiring new members from the millions of guests shop in Target every day. We continue to see great social engagement and enthusiasm for Ulta Beauty at Target, and we're on track to launch online in about 100 stores in the fall, scaling to hundreds of stores in the next few years. 
Our second strategic priority is to reimagine how guests experience and discover beauty across all touch points. COVID-19 has not changed the importance of beauty, and we are confident in the future growth of the category. Beauty enthusiasts still value the human connection and physical experience of beauty but want to balance safety with the desire to discover and play with product. Reflecting these factors, we are elevating the end-to-end guest experience at Ulta Beauty. 
In 2021, we intend to safely reintroduce testers in select areas of the store and work closely with our brand partners to develop innovative sampling programs; drive enhancements to our digital experiences, further investing in our app, including guided education and recommendation experiences like our skin advisor; implement layout changes in select new stores to elevate key growth categories; unify the presentation of skincare makeup and improve the focus pickup experience; and as our associates have the greatest impact on the guest experience, we plan to implement training for our team, focused on priority categories like skincare as well as key skills to further strengthen human connections with our guests. 
Our third priority is to drive winning category strategies to engage and delight beauty enthusiasts and expand our market share. Our curation of a diverse assortment focused on newness, exclusivity and leading brands has enabled us to grow our market share over time. Building on the progress we made in 2020, we plan to continue to strengthen our assortment in key growth categories like skincare and haircare while protecting our strength in makeup; scale our Conscious Beauty platform; introduce a new wellness shop to offer guests self-care for the mind, body and spirit; and double our number of black-owned brands while investing to increase awareness and support of those brands. 
Our fourth priority is to deepen Ulta Beauty love, loyalty and engagement. Over time, we've evolved our brand purpose to build stronger connections with our guests and the changes and challenges our guests experienced in 2020 provide us with a unique opportunity to reinforce our brand purpose. And of course, our loyalty program is central to our efforts to build brand love for Ulta Beauty. 
In fiscal 2021, we are focused on creating culturally relevant content that leverages the power of beauty to deeply engage with guests across channels, including expanding our Where Dreams Begin campaign and building out our MUSE platform, which was developed to celebrate, honor and amplify black voices in beauty; expanding Beauty School at Ulta Beauty, our content-forward entertainment digital platform to drive hyper-relevant product and services engagement; increasing member growth across channels through new guest acquisition, lapsed member reengagement and targeted retention efforts; and we will accelerate spend and engagement through further personalization efforts, including advancing offer optimization in print and digital channels. 
Our fifth priority is to drive holistic cost optimization. Like others, we face ongoing headwinds from macro cost, including wage pressure and transportation costs. We are also navigating category and channel shifts. In fiscal 2020, we actively took steps to reshape our organization and adjust our cost structure while also investing in new capabilities that will drive future growth. Building on these efforts, we will continue to pursue process optimization opportunities in merchandising and supply chain while also looking for ways to reduce occupancy and operating costs. Importantly, we will continue to invest some of these savings in support of our strategic priorities to drive growth. 
Our final priority is to develop our talent and strengthen our culture. This is not a new priority. Our talent and culture are always in focus, and we know that our associates bring to life the Ulta Beauty brand for our guests. I am incredibly proud of how our teams led through 2020 with respect, empathy and courage. 
Looking to 2021, we will continue to work to create an environment where every associate feels they can fully contribute, and every guest is optimally served regardless of differences. We will expand our training and development to inspire and empower our associates, and we will continue to enhance and magnify our diversity and inclusion efforts. 
In closing, I am excited and optimistic about the future of Ulta Beauty. Our business is emerging from 2020 with good momentum and a strong foundation in place. We are positioned to thrive going forward, and I am confident our team will continue to lead with creativity, passion and continued care for each other and our guests while leading the beauty industry, capturing market share and driving profitable growth. 
And now I'll turn the call over to Scott for a discussion of the quarter's financial results and our outlook for fiscal 2021. Scott?

Yes, Kate. Yes. Great question and one that we're spending a lot of time on. As we look out over the course of the year, we continue to be encouraged by the engagement that we're seeing from our guests across channels, both in stores and online. Our non-makeup businesses have been strong throughout -- really, throughout 2020 and certainly in the fourth quarter with skincare, fragrance, haircare, bath, all performing at or above our expectations. And we anticipate that continuing throughout this year. 
There is -- continues to be a fair amount of uncertainty about makeup. And I'd say that's, as we look out over the year, while we have a lot of confidence in the long term of makeup and we know that there will be innovation and growth and new behaviors that will drive long-term growth, and we see signs of engagement through our consumer research, and we anticipate pent-up demand and excitement from guests -- from consumers as they feel more comfortable participating in society and going out and celebrating and doing all the things that I think we know is coming. The question for us is when that will come. And we've built in a number of models where we're certainly prepared for that renewed engagement in makeup. We haven't fully seen it yet even though we've seen signs of it. But we have a whole line of sight towards driving innovation with our brand partners, highlighting through our marketing and communication, leveraging our digital tools, our virtual try-on tools and then being prepared from -- with close coordination with our brand partners on inventory as we see makeup grow. 
So uncertainty by when because it's been a bit of a ride even before COVID on makeup, but we're confident in the long term and prepared for that growth. And all of that is reflected in our guidance for 2021.

Well, first, yes, we don't -- we haven't had any issues for sure with expired products or too much inventory or anything like that. But your point about consumers refreshing their stock, their cabinets at home is, we believe, a behavior that is happening throughout 2020. There's been -- as there's been slower engagement in makeup pre-pandemic and then certainly all the disruption that happened throughout 2020, we see a renewal coming in just how people will engage -- how our guests will engage in makeup. The behaviors, the fashions, the looks, the styles will continue to evolve. We're excited and optimistic about that emergence. As I said earlier, the timing is a bit uncertain, but we see it coming. 
And we feel that with that -- our guests are -- they love makeup. They love beauty. They love diving into different categories. They love newness. And I think because the makeup category has been challenged, as a reflection of less engagement for probably the last couple of years, we know our beauty enthusiasts are excited about it. So we'll see that exact behavior you talked about of cleaning out your stock, replacing it with new, leaning into newness, which there is tons coming, and then kind of embracing new looks and new styles as that moves forward. So we think that will be part of the total story.

Well, we're thrilled with our digital and e-commerce experience. The growth has been strong for many years and, of course, was extraordinary in 2020 as our guests embrace that channel. And our entire team worked tirelessly to make sure that we are able to service our guests with really unexpected growth in demand. So -- and that engagement will pay off for Ulta Beauty for a long time, not only in the short-term sales, but history shows that as we get our guests engage in multiple aspects of our business, not just in stores, but in stores and online and participating in salon and other aspects, their total loyalty to Ulta Beauty, their total spend, their frequency increases dramatically. And so we're confident that, that will pay off. And so overall, it is a very good outcome for our business to have more people engaged in our digital channels and driving that growth. 
We are, of course, focused on -- there are margin pressures on that part of the business. Again, overall, a very positive part of our business, but -- and so we're focused on that. And we have an entire kind of process to try to continue to optimize costs through promotional activity and cost to serve, and we see that as an important part of the business. 
And Scott, do you want to give a little more color on how we're approaching that?

Well, you're right, we'll talk a lot more about the future growth and what we have seen coming ahead at the Analyst Day in the fall, and we're excited to share those plans with you. We do see pressure now that Scott just -- Scott has described on the guidance that we've given around our overall profitability for 2021, and said that over time, we see that we're focused on improving that. We're optimistic that we can improve that, and we see that continued growth as we manage through some of those short-term disruptions. 
So we'll have much more detail in the outlook, on the planning and the timing of our sales outlook beyond this year. We're focused right now on driving our business through the reemergence as we get in through 2021.

Yes. I'll work on that, Simeon. Thanks.

Yes. Of course, our loyalty program is key to our success and has been for a long time and will be well into the future. We believe we've got just a world-class loyalty program. The engagement, it remains incredibly high. We think we've got one of the best loyalty programs in all of retail. 
There's been no change to how we define our guests. Our definition is to be counted as a member, you need to have shopped at least once in any of our touch points in the last 12 months. So that hasn't changed. But what we are seeing is we -- as -- particularly early in this crisis when our stores were closed, so a little over -- really about a year ago and for the next few months, we'll start lapping that. Our store-only guests, we lost some of the less engaged -- less tenured, less engaged members that either stepped out of beauty for a little bit or shopped at some of the retailers that were open and did not pivot to our e-commerce business. We've had a big focus in reengaging them. We know who they are. We know that they didn't have a bad experience with Ulta. They just changed behavior in the short term. 
And so some of this is the math as we start to lap. We're lapping -- we're strong months, 12 strong months in 2019 with some of the challenges we had in 2020. And so we'll continue to work through that over these next few months. Said that there's nothing in any of our research that suggests our guests are any less engaged in beauty over time, in Ulta Beauty or anything that we've done. And one of the biggest and most important parts of that is our diamond and platinum guests, our most engaged guests, have maintained really best-in-class retention, really, very committed and connected to Ulta Beauty. 
So we have a whole team that's focused. Really everything we do is for our loyalty guests. The communication we have through personalization, the broad scale marketing, our assortment evolution, they love our newness, and the merchant team has done a great job. Our stores are focused on ensuring that every guest gets a great experience. So we're confident. 
There's a bit of a lapping element going on. And as we work through those short-term disruption, but the long-term outlook for loyalty is very positive.

Yes. So yes, I'll start here. The -- first of all, thanks for the shout-out on MUSE. The team -- we're all really proud of that work. And I'm sure some of our team is listening, and they'll be glad to hear that. 
On stores, we have 40 stores this year, and we remain consistent with the guidance that we've had that over time can grow in to 1,500 to 1,700 stores. No update, no changes to Canada specifically as related to that. That's all on pause, and we have no news related to that. 
We continue to be optimistic and positive about the outlook of physical retail, and we'll continue to find just terrific locations across the country. The 40 that we're opening this year, we're -- we feel really, really good about, and we see plenty of growth ahead of us. So that's the plan on stores. 
That's connected in ways to our Target business. So your question about how that's coming along, we're just really, really pleased with that partnership. The relationship we have with Target as we've been building this together has just been exceptional, and we're really thrilled with the feedback that we've had from -- on the concept from our consumers. They are pumped up about this and excited for it to come to life. We really see this as just a completely new way to engage our consumers in the prestige segment, and in beauty overall, it's definitely not. I mean we've worked so hard to make sure this is not just more of the same from a retail standpoint, which we think is really critical in this time of disruption in the marketplace. 
So this is going to be completely new, totally different, focused on the best of the best in prestige, highly curated assortment, beautiful presentation, exceptional staffing, and we're anticipating high consumer engagement, compelling guest experience and, for us, acquiring millions of new members over time. 
We're not sharing much more detail than what I shared in the script earlier today. We'll be sharing that as we get a bit closer. But I can assure you that our plans are on track. We're ready to launch Ulta Beauty. And we have tremendous support from our brand partners, both big, the biggest brand partners that we have, and small and emerging brands. In fact, we're going to launch with more brands than we originally considered. We have the brands that we wanted to launch this with and more, and we're excited about it. So it's coming together great. We think it's going to be an awesome experience. We're thrilled to be partnering with Target. They've been nothing but just exceptional partners to build this with, and we're excited to go create this next chapter in the future of beauty.

Yes. And just to reiterate on the -- yes, your points about reopening and guest reengaging in the category. We feel confident in what we're seeing but uncertain about the pace and the return, particularly in our biggest category of makeup. And so we feel, as Mary has said, I think, as Scott has said, we feel the guidance that we have is right, but we're also prepared to adjust. 
We've -- becoming increased -- 2020 just further enhanced our skills at agility and being prepared to take whatever comes at us. And so we're ready to drive growth and lead the industry and -- but also feel like the guidance that we've given is correct.

Yes. Store productivity, I'm not going to give any specifics right now because we've got a lot to figure out of where things settle out and settle down. Having said that, we remain really committed and positive about the physical store channel for Ulta Beauty and in beauty in general. And so we're watching that closely. We're seeing positive trends as guests are getting reengaged. We know our guests are telling us and then increasingly demonstrating that they want to get back in a physical way, but we know e-com will play a bigger part of it, too. So I imagine that'll be a big part of our discussion in the fall as we kind of talk about a longer-term outlook, but it's a big focus for sure.