Thank you, Laurel. Good afternoon, everyone. 
2018 is off to a strong start with better-than-expected sales and earnings growth, reflecting our highly differentiated business model that continues to drive healthy retail same-store sales, excellent new store productivity and continued outperformance of our e-commerce business. 
To recap our first quarter financial results. The Ulta Beauty team delivered 17.4% top line growth. Comp sales growth was 8.1% on top of 14.3% comps in the first quarter of 2017. This performance was driven by balanced transaction and ticket growth, the successful reset of our mass cosmetics assortment and continued strength in skincare, fragrance and prestige boutique brands. 
Diluted earnings per share of $2.70 grew 31.7%. These results reflect continued market share gains across all major categories as well as steady progress on our strategic imperatives. 
I'll update you on some of our key accomplishments, starting with our loyalty program and brand awareness. At the end of the first quarter, the Ultamate Rewards loyalty program boasted 28.6 million active members, up 17% year-over-year. The loyalty program continues to grow rapidly as we add benefits and enhance our CRM capabilities to make it even more relevant and personalized while our store teams remained focused on converting new guests into highly engaged members. Results from the newer elements of our loyalty program, including the elite diamond tier and our credit card program, continued to exceed our expectations. 
Our gift card sales increased by 45% in the first quarter driven by strong sales in all channels, including rapid growth through third-party distribution. In 2018, we expect continued growth in gift card sales as we add about 15,000 more doors of distributions through our third-party partners. This continues to be an area of emphasis for us because our analysis demonstrates that gift cards are driving significant incremental sales and margin dollars. 
During the quarter, our marketing team focused on programs to support the Ulta Beauty Collection, spring newness and our signature 21 Days Of Beauty promotion. We leveraged digital partnerships and PR to elevate and position the Ulta Beauty Collection as a contemporary and trend-right brand. This included partnering with Cosmopolitan to execute a new first-to-market video series with Cosmo editor, Carly Cardellino, and Shoppable Facebook posts. 
To celebrate spring newness, we increased our focus on digital and social, with partnerships with Bustle, POPSUGAR and Refinery29 as well as streaming audio with Spotify and Pandora. 
For 21 Days Of Beauty, we launched a partnership with Waze, the crowdsourcing navigation app, and drove navigations to the store via branded pins and takeovers. We also partnered with Bustle's Instagram story series, driving 1.5 million views. Another innovation was to incorporate influencer tutorials with Shoppable content to promote 21 Days Of Beauty Daily steals through videos and GIFs paired with Shoppable products. 
Overall, our media spend is shifting more into digital, streaming audio and streaming television to align with the beauty enthusiasts' digital-first lifestyle. Now these marketing programs are supporting the high levels of brand awareness we achieved last year. Aided awareness for the first quarter was at 90% compared to 87% a year ago, and unaided awareness rose 7 points to 53% compared to 46% last year. These levels jumped to 92% and 58%, respectively, for the month of April, in concert with our comprehensive marketing plan around 21 Days Of Beauty. 
Now turning to merchandising. I mentioned strength in mass cosmetics, prestige skincare, fragrance and prestige boutique brands, but smaller categories such as sun care and bath also delivered robust growth. 
Mass cosmetics, after a significant step up in its growth rate in the fourth quarter accelerated further in the first quarter, reflecting a major reflow of the categories completed earlier in the year. This reflow highlights several new brands including direct-to-consumer brands Morphe and ColourPop, which are available in a retail environment-only at Ulta Beauty. We plan to expand Morphe to all doors later this quarter from about half of our stores currently. 
We have continued opportunity to expand other best-selling brands in additional stores throughout the year. We continue to drive very strong growth with the prestige boutique brands, which are contributing about 1/3 of our overall comp. We've added 132 of the planned 675 new boutiques featuring MAC, Clinique, Lancôme and Benefit so far this year. The performance of the prestige cosmetics category, excluding those 4 boutique brands is still a bit mixed with some brands overperforming while others had a more muted growth result. 
The top performers include Tarte, which builds on success of the Shape Tape line with a strong foundation launch during the quarter, Estée Lauder and NARS, which continue to roll out into additional doors and benefit from guest interest in their classic products and their new launches, and Anastasia, which benefited from significant newness and the highest volume beauty steal during our 21 Days Of Beauty event. 
One of the most exciting new brands is Chanel Beauté, which is off to a terrific start in the first few stores. We and the brand are so pleased with the early result that we're now planning to accelerate the number of stores this year compared to our initial expectation. 
Another addition coming later this quarter to our prestige cosmetics assortment is a new brand called Flesh. This is a color cosmetics brand developed by Linda Wells, Chief Creative Officer of Revlon and Founder and Former Editor-in-Chief of Allure Magazine. Flesh is Revlon's newest foray into prestige beauty, and Ulta Beauty will be the first to exclusively launch this brand. Offering 40 shades of foundation, the brand stands for diversity and inclusivity. In addition to the wide shade range, this new line offers vibrant pops of color that encourage self-expression. 
Both fragrance and skincare continued to comp above the house as well. Driving the fragrance business were newness, strength in men's fragrances and a successful Mother's Day Gifts with Purchase campaign. Prestige skincare also benefit from significant newness from Dermalogica, First Aid Beauty and Juice Beauty as well as stellar growth from Mario Badescu as social media buzz continues to propel that business. 
We also continue to enhance our haircare assortment and rolled out Bumble and Bumble chain-wide in April and launched Keracolor online and in 800 doors, which is an innovative color-infusing conditioning cleanser. 
New brands like Bumble and bumble, Drybar and [ Clash ], combined with high-growth brands like Pravana, Joico and DevaCurl, continue to support healthy comps and market share gains in the salon haircare category. Overall, we're encouraged by the opportunities we have with our brand partners to evolve our assortment and continue to add new brands and products to delight our guests. 
Now moving on to our services business. Salon sales increased 10.1% and comped 3.2%, driven by average ticket increases. During the quarter, we rolled out our services optimization model to our central region. This initiative is designed to transform our services business by attracting, growing and retaining high-quality talent and delivering guest satisfaction better than ever before. This includes updates to our menu, pricing, career development and compensation models as well as additional education and support for our salon teams. We continue to see increases in sales, guest satisfaction, rebooking rates, associate satisfaction, improved hiring and reduced turnover. We plan to introduce the new model to additional regions in August and complete the rollout to the entire chain in 2019. 
The salon team also participated this year in America's Beauty Show in April, which is one of the biggest events in the salon industry, and plans to participate in additional industry events to position The Salon at Ulta Beauty as the beauty destination for service and retail. These events help us attract top talent, create brand awareness and gain industry credibility. Also, our salon pro team entered the 2018 North American Hairstyling Awards and secured 9 nominations in the finals for multiple hair categories. These prestigious awards celebrate hair artistry and are very meaningful within the stylists community and help us attract top talent to the salon. This demonstrates our continued commitment to leading the industry in trend and motivating and inspiring our 8,000 stylists nationwide. 
Turning to skin services. We've rolled out our latest skincare service model in 22 stores. This new model, called The Skin Bar at Ulta Beauty, offers quicker services and is designed to meet the demands of our guests' busy lifestyle. Our licensed skin therapists provide guests with skin diagnosis and personalized recommendations for a proper at-home skincare routine. The Skin Bar also expands its space for skincare brands by up to 12 feet of incremental retail space so we can continue to evolve our product assortment. We plan to roll out 180 Skin Bars this year in new and remodeled or refreshed stores. 
And now moving on to store expansion. We opened up 34 stores in the first quarter and closed 1, ending the quarter with 1,107 stores. New store productivity continues to be very healthy, reflecting excellent site selection as well as the more significant presence of prestige brand boutiques in newer stores. And if you're calculating new store productivity for the quarter, note that we opened 6 of these 34 stores on the last day of the quarter. 
Comps in older stores remained positive as many mature stores are benefiting from new brands like MAC and Clinique rolling out to refreshed stores. 
Now to update you on our e-commerce business. ulta.com sales grew 48%, maintaining strong momentum and representing 10% of total company sales. E-commerce contributed 340 basis points of our total company comp driven by transaction growth. Total site traffic rose 38% while mobile traffic was up 52%. Better-than-expected growth came from strong response online to our 21 Days Of Beauty event, continued success of ulta.com-only offers like our weekly beauty breaks and programs like fragrance crush, spotlighting a favorite fragrance each month, and our newest program, Skin-fatuation, which focuses on a key skincare trend each month such as masks, oils and naturals. We also continued to see significant growth in e-commerce from brands that are available only online or in limited distribution in stores as well as from growing use of our store-to-door initiative that allows customers to purchase items online while shopping at our stores to be delivered to their home. Recent addition of online-only brands include Storybook Cosmetics, Sugarbearhair vitamin, men's line like Frederick Benjamin and Fatboy, Korean brands including Too Cool For School, TPSY, IPKN, Wish Formula and Touch In Sol, as well as influencer brands like Dominique Cosmetics. Our store, e-commerce, IT and supply chain teams are working very closely to launch a test of buy online, pick up in store later this year as we continue to enhance our omnichannel capabilities. 
And lastly, we also improved our GLAM LAB try-on app to make it easy for guests to filter and sort by brand, color, finish and form factor. This capability helps guests find products to try on and purchase quickly and easily. 
And finally, I'll touch on our supply chain operations. Our overall performance of our supply chain operations remained very strong as we continue to leverage recent investments and capabilities that support our growth and enhance the guest experience. While we invested in inventory to support comp growth, maintaining strong end-to-end stock levels and supporting brand expansions and new product launches, we were able to capture efficiencies within our network. Inventory per door was down 3%, reflecting improvement in inventory management from the systems and tools we've implemented recently, such as SWIFT, as well as a clearance event late in the quarter to sell through inventory related to seasonal items or transitioning planograms.
Our newest West Coast distribution in Fresno is on track. We've completed all construction activities and have started to receive inbound shipments. We plan to start shipping outbound to retail stores and e-commerce guests this summer, which will help us achieve our goal of delivering orders in 3 days or less for more than 95% of our e-commerce sales by year-end. 
Last quarter, we mentioned that among the investments we'll accelerate in 2018 was the optimization of our supply chain network. This entails, among other initiatives, the recently announced closure of our Phoenix distribution center next spring. Closing any facility that impacts our valued associates is never an easy decision but the right thing to do for our business needs. And we're proceeding with the closing with great care for our people. This step is part of our multiyear supply chain evolution as we continue to find ways to increase efficiencies, drive operational improvement and improve our overall supply chain to better serve our guests and meet the needs of our growing store base as well as the rapid expansion of our e-commerce business. 
And with that, I'll turn it over to Scott to discuss in more detail the drivers of our first quarter financials and our outlook for the second quarter and the rest of the year.

Okay. Thank you, Rupesh, and I'm going to tag team this with Dave, since he's so -- that much closer to all the exciting things coming. I'll tell you, first of all, I would just say, this quarter, I think, is a good example of the strength of our business model, our team and our business model, where we were able to deliver the kind of results that we just described despite the fact that there was a lull in a few key brands within prestige cosmetics, which is a very significant category, and a lot of strength across all the other categories that we participate in. So prestige cosmetics is obviously very important to us, driving a large percentage of our business, so we're very focused on it. So I'll ask Dave to just add some more thoughts on the rest of the year.

Matt, I'll just say, you're right that an example of like Morphe doesn't have a boutique associated with it. But we don't break out the margin of any specific brand. And really, it's kind of a mixture. I mean, some -- I think, in general, prestige products tend to have somewhat of a higher margin. There's plenty of exceptions to that as well as some -- we feel like we are very focused on the profitability of the total box when we think about brands that we bring in across every category. So there's going to be a mixture of profitability, but all we think adding to the profitability of the business. So can't give more color than that. But the great thing is that participating, as Dave said, across so many aspects of the beauty industry with innovation and newness and exclusivity is really driving great growth for us as well.

Yes. I would say, I mean, we certainly see some wage pressures like everybody does on the coast and larger urban areas, and we would expect it to be sort of a modest headwind going forward. So we're competitive. We've taken some of the investments around -- from the tax reform to make our benefits and wages a little bit more competitive. But we look at this very closely. We look out, we factor it into our business model and expect that to play out as planned.

Joe, it's Mary. I'll give a start here, which is that, I guess, first of all, I'd say, as you said, we're guiding 6% to 7% in the quarter. We try to take a prudent view of sales. And we have some visibility into the quarter because we're in it. So we just try to really be prudent about what we expect and guide the best we can. We continue to see, of course, the strength that we just described in the first quarter in mass and prestige skin, prestige boutique brands, fragrance, excited by the pipeline of newness. But that is still somewhat offset by the persistent challenges in prestige cosmetics. So I feel -- my stance is let's wait until we see inflection in prestige in some key brands before we start to get more aggressive. You're right that we also have easier compares in the second half, but we'll get more aggressive if we think that's appropriate.

No.

Oliver, all that sounds like a very good idea. I agree. I mean, really, we're quite pleased with the Ultamate Rewards program on many levels, right? The size, the scope, the growth, the engagement that our guests have, how much is driving our sales, right? And I feel very good about our team's ability to leverage insights and data to get that much more personalized and relevant. And that's kind of what it's all about. Having said that, we absolutely understand that there's more to be done as it relates to AI capabilities that we're building and investing in and going to continue to, to make sure that we are as advanced as we can be in terms of being as relevant, personalized. It's all about how do you drive demand in a way that's as efficient as possible and personalization is what that's all about. In terms of categories, I guess we always like to kind of see where the customer will take us. So you mentioned cosmetics, skincare, hair. I mean, the core categories that we're in today, I believe, we'll always be in, right? The beauty of our model, this All Things Beauty, we are in the categories that guests care about. And even categories that are, I guess, smaller like sun care and bath are examples of categories we're driving innovation and profitability and share growth. So generally, I'd say the mix of sort of mass and prestige, if you want to say that, and I think that continues to evolve in terms of the way that guests look at it, the general mix is probably right and somewhat going to be the same. But the products, the brands and innovation, exclusives underneath that will continue to evolve. So that's how we would envision the model for many years to come.

Right. Oliver, I consider that the second or third question. Yes, Ulta Beauty Collection, really proud about that, and you're absolutely right. We continue to elevate everything about that brand, and we like how it's performing. Can we buy a brand? Sure. I mean, we could. We haven't. And I think for us right now, the focus is around partnering with innovators, companies large and small that want to work with us to drive distribution of their brands. So for now, that's our focus.

Yes, I would say broadly speaking, you're absolutely right, that the beauty category is a pretty competitive one, right? So in some ways, we compete with a lot of players. In other ways, we really -- nobody does what we do. We call this All Things Beauty, All in One Place, our model. It's differentiated. It's distinct because of the variety of categories and price points. The fact that there is services at our store, right, so brows, skincare, makeup services and really robust e-commerce platform all supported by our loyalty program. And I think increasingly sophisticated use of data and use of social media and digital, our marketing campaigns have really continued to evolve in that way as well. So I guess we feel that we've got -- we're not perfect, and we're not complacent, but a relevant model. And the reason we think it's really relevant and it has lots of relevancy for the future is we're focused on the segment of shopper that we call the beauty enthusiast. And that shopper is a large and growing segment of beauty, and she's really focused on exactly what we offer, which is a lot of newness and excitement and experiences, and likes to shop in the way that we serve up the shopping experience. And that segment of shoppers is growing as we look at future demographics in growth around millennials, teenagers, Hispanics, so fast-growing segments of the population in the U.S. over indexed as beauty enthusiasts. And so we believe that our model is actually more relevant than ever for them, and our job is to really continue to innovate, think about what the shopping experience needs to look like 10 years from now versus today, right, because that's going to continue to evolve. And we feel really good about that. Full stop.

Well, I'll just say the New York City store, we're really pleased with it. I'm thrilled that we have a store there. It's performing nicely. Lots of foot traffic in that store any time of the day or night that you go in there. So we think it was a really smart move for us. The skincare, I'm going to ask Dave to take it. I was referencing in my prepared remarks a skin express bar that we're putting into a small number of stores next year, and that's in those instances where the extra space will free up.

I would say really no impact from weather and minimal impact on calendar shift. And the cadence was, as you saw, we had a balanced ticket traffic or transaction in tickets result for the quarter. We certainly see some increased movement around things like 21 Days Of Beauty and other events like that. So -- but pretty balanced, I guess I'd say throughout the quarter and consistent coming into this quarter as well.

Thank you. And I just want to close by thanking our 37,000 associates. They've delivered a strong quarter, and the 2018 start is off very strongly. I have full confidence in our team's ability to execute our strategies and drive profitable growth in 2018 and beyond, and I look forward to speaking with all of you soon. Thank you.