Thank you, Laurel, and good afternoon, everyone. The Ulta Beauty team delivered strong performance in the second quarter, reflecting rapid growth in prestige boutique brands, mass cosmetics, skincare and fragrance, offset by continued moderation in the growth rate of a few of our large color cosmetics brands. Our flexible business model continues to support healthy retail comps, excellent new store productivity and high growth for ulta.com, resulting in significant market share gains across categories. 
To recap our financial performance, total sales grew 15.4%. We drove 6.5% comp sales growth on top of 11.7% comps in the second quarter of 2017, with balanced traffic and ticket growth overall. Diluted earnings per share grew 34.4%. We continue to deliver our results by executing on our strategic imperatives. I'll give you a progress report in each one starting with our effort to drive loyalty and differentiate our brands. 
We grew our Ultamate Rewards loyalty program to 29.5 million active members at the end of the second quarter, representing a 15.5% year-over-year increase. As we've seen over the past few quarters, we expect the absolute growth in members to continue to moderate but still exceed square footage growth. Going forward, we expect to increase average sales per member to complement member growth. These gains will come from multiple sources, including the maturation of loyalty members who buy more over time, the addition of new brands, the benefits of our platinum and diamond tiers to increase share of wallet, higher penetration of our credit card program and greater personalization of our communications and offers to our guests. This combination is expected to drive continued healthy revenue growth. 
Our guests continue to respond to the powerful combination of our loyalty, credit card and gift card programs. In the second quarter, we saw continued momentum with both climbing of platinum and diamond members of our Ultamate Rewards loyalty program, where we continue to innovate with the new tier, enhanced rewards, and increased personalization. 
Our Ultamate Rewards credit card program continues to exceed our expectations, driven by great execution from our shore teams and ongoing marketing efforts. Sales of gift cards grew more than 40%, driven by expanding distribution in other retailers this year as well as strong growth in our stores. We're maintaining the very high levels of brand awareness we obtained earlier this year through our marketing efforts around events and promotions, including Mother's Day, our Gorgeous Hair event, our sale on jumbo-sized hair care products as well as our programs targeting distinct guest segments, such as Latina, millennials and teenagers. 
We continue to grow awareness of Ulta Beauty as a beauty destination and authority in many ways: digital partnerships, which utilize influencers; social media; and high-impact display placement. And these include POPSUGAR, Refinery29 and Bustle as well as new Hispanic media partnerships with [ Mafias ], H Code, Hola and CafeMedia. We also continue to invest in network radio and streaming audio with Spotify and Pandora. 
We'll continue to drive awareness and further differentiate the Ulta Beauty brand as we evolve our positioning and deepening emotional connection we have with our guests, beginning with inspiring new television advertising campaign launching next week in which we'll bring to life our new brand statement, "The Possibilities are Beautiful." We will share more of this topic at our upcoming Analyst Day, plus this new positioning which will be infused through all of our marketing communications and partnerships, will unveil a new chapter for our brand celebrating the emotional and inclusive power of possibilities at Ulta Beauty. 
Turning now to an overview of how we are continuing to differentiate our merchandise assortment. We continue to gain significant market share in prestige beauty as evidenced by NPD data from February through July this year. U.S. prestige beauty sales for the industry were up 6.4%, and we grew more than 2.5x as fast. Ulta Beauty has gained 210 basis points of share in prestige beauty so far this year and now represents almost 23% of the prestige beauty market as tracked by NPD. Our share gains year-to-date were the strongest in the makeup category, up 360 basis points, as Ulta Beauty grew prestige cosmetics in the mid-teens compared to the total market growth of 1%. 
More broadly, during the second quarter, we benefited from strength in mass cosmetics, prestige skincare, fragrance, prestige boutique brands and sun care. Each of these categories drove healthy double-digit comps with particular strength in fragrance and boutique brands. These gains were offset by continued softness across a few large brands of prestige cosmetics. We're seeing excellent growth in the expansion of brands that are not present in all doors such as NARS, MAC, Clinique, Lancôme, Estée Lauder, Morphe and Chanel Beauté. And we anticipate that these rollouts will be an even bigger benefit in the second half of the year. We are also encouraged by the amount of newness in the pipeline ahead, both new brands and new products from existing brands. 
We're delighted to announce the addition of Kiehl's Since 1851, the prestige skincare brand known for naturally derived ingredients inspired by their apothecary roots. This brand will launch in a small number of doors in the second half of the year and will be part of the Ulta Beauty express skin bar offering in these doors. The brand will then launch online in early January. We plan to roll out Kiehl's in a more significant number of stores starting early next year. The product lineup will include Kiehl's skincare, body and men's products. 
On the mass cosmetics side, we're excited about the addition of Juvia's Place. This digitally-native brand was founded just a couple years ago by a Nigerian-born woman inspired by the beauty of African queens. The line offers rich, vibrant, highly-pigmented and affordable collection of colorful eyeshadows as well as make-up tools and beauty essentials. Juvia's Place recently launched online and will set in 500 stores later this year. These wins like Kiel's and Juvia's Place, to name just those 2, reflect Ulta Beauty's status as a partner of choice for a wide range of brands, from digitally-native, vertically-integrated brands to large, iconic brands. 
In terms of new items from existing brands, much more newness is untapped for the second half of the year, giving us confidence for an improved comp trend. In many cases, these brand expansions or new product launches are exclusive to Ulta Beauty or we have an early lead on must-have products that the beauty enthusiast wants to be the first to own. 
The Tutti Frutti collection from Too Faced is expected to be a big hit with our guests. This is a fruit-scented assortment of lip, eye, cheek and highlighter products with mega influencer Kandee Johnson partnering with Too Faced as the face of the collection. Launched online in mid-August and set in stores just this week, this collection is only available at Ulta Beauty and toofaced.com. Recently launched digitally-native brand, Morphe, will be expanding to 10 feet at all doors in just a few weeks, and the new Vault 4-palette collection with influencer Jaclyn Hill had a very strong launch just a couple of weeks ago. We're the only brick-and-mortar outlet for this brand. 
NYX just launched exclusively with Ulta Beauty their Can't Stop Won't Stop long-wear foundation with a broad shade range. Other recent major product launches include equally anticipated items like the Norvina Palette from Anastasia; the newest NARS mascara, where in both cases Ulta Beauty had an early lead for the launch. Other new products include Clinique's Dramatically Different Hydrating Jelly; Tarte Creaseless Concealer; Urban Decay Aphrodisiac palette; Dose of Colors limited edition collaboration with influencer, ILUVSARAHII; Benefit Brow contour pen; and Clinique My Happy Splash fragrances designed for layering. 
Now the last thing I want to mention is some breaking news. We are thrilled to confirm our exclusive partnership with Kylie Cosmetics, which will be launching in all stores and online later this year. Kylie Jenner is a highly influential force in the beauty industry. This brand addition is yet another example of successful digitally-native brands valuing a brick-and-mortar partnership with Ulta Beauty to extend their reach with consumers. We'll share more details about this launch at a later date. 
Now moving on to our services business. Salon sales increased 8.8%, and comp sales rose 1.7% due to growth in average ticket. Skin services were a top performer, helped by strength in microderm services. The express skin bar continues to roll out in new stores with about 40 stores now offering this new model. These stores are already showing increases in prestige skincare sales compared to the prior model. This program offers our guests quick services on the sales floor with licensed skincare experts focused on helping guests choose a skincare regimen that addresses her concerns. Select locations will begin offering facial services from Murad, Kate Somerville and Kiehl's, in addition to Dermalogica, our long-standing skincare partner across the chain. We're on track to roll out 180 express skin bars by year-end, and 50 of these will offer multi-brand skin services. 
During the quarter, we completed training in California in preparation for their conversion to our new services optimization program, a model that improves and simplifies the guest and associate experiences with changes to pricing, training and compensation. Our new stores in Hawaii opened with this program, joining the Central region, as well as the DC and Denver districts, which were launched in the first quarter. Early results indicate higher guest retention, and our stylists have received the new program very favorably. We plan to introduce this model to additional regions in 2019. 
We continue to focus on gaining awareness within the salon industry. We participated in Premiere Orlando, attended by over 57,000 beauty professionals, and we hosted the first-ever Ulta Beauty show at the North American Hairstylist Awards in Las Vegas. NAHA represents the most prestigious hair industry awards in North America, viewed by over 200,000 people and garnering 5 million impressions. 
Last quarter, we mentioned that the Ulta Beauty Pro Hair team have received 9 nominations across multiple hair categories, and we're pleased to update you that one of our team members took home the award for Hairstylist of the Year. Events like these establish Ulta Beauty as a great place to work for stylists and help us to continue to attract top quality talent. 
And now turning to real estate. We opened 19 stores in the second quarter compared to 20 last year, and closed 2, ending the quarter was 1,124 stores. Our growth and development team has done a great job getting stores opened earlier in the year with 53 stores opened in the first half compared to 38 last year. We opened our first store in Hawaii, on Maui, in the second quarter, and have opened another Hawaii store early in the third quarter, with plans to open 2 more on Oahu during Q3. Our Hawaiian stores are off to an excellent start. We'll also be entering Vermont later this year to reach the milestone of opening -- of operating stores in all 50 states. 
New store productivity continues to be very strong. We continue to study new store productivity and observe cannibalization to be stable and well within our expectations, so we feel very comfortable with our network strategy in reaching our target of 1,400 to 1,700 stores in the U.S. over the next several years. 
And now turning to an update on ulta.com. E-commerce sales grew 37.9% and represented 9% of total company sales. This moderation relative to the first quarter was expected, as we're comping over 72% growth last year when we benefited from the MAC launch and high growth from several online-only brands. Ulta.com contributed 250 basis points of the total company comp, driven by transaction growth. Total traffic rose close to 40%, with mobile traffic up 50%. We continue to drive significant growth with online-only brands and online-only promotions. 
Our store-to-door program that allows guests to order online in our stores and have products shipped to their homes continues to exceed expectations, particularly with brands that aren't available in every door such as ColourPop, MAC and several digitally native brands that are in high demand but in limited distribution. Ulta.com recently launched a foundation finder. We're continuing to see success in enhanced content programs like our monthly fragrance crush, and we just launched a new program focusing on a key skincare trend each month called Skinfatuation. We're also testing personalization initiatives in several areas. 
Omni-channel customers now represent 10% of loyalty members and the shopping behavior of these guests continues to reinforce our view that e-commerce sales are largely incremental. The guest shopping on ulta.com continues to shop more frequently in stores than retail-only customers. This guest is our most engaged loyalty member, demonstrating interest in new brands and products and a low incidence of replenishing exact items. 
And finally, I'll update you on our supply chain operations. Ulta Beauty's supply chain operations continue to mature in the first half of 2018, supported by investments in capabilities that support growth, deliver a great guest experience and enable network efficiencies. Our in-stock position throughout the second quarter was consistently strong, particularly for our top selling items. We effectively managed our inventory position throughout the quarter with our inventory per store well below comp growth and inventory turns slightly ahead of our goal. 
We've made several improvements to our logistics network over the last several months to better serve our retail and e-commerce customers, and so far the results have led to improved performance and reduced costs across both channels. We also recently implemented an order management system that enables future omni-channel capabilities such as buy online, pickup in store. 
Our newest distribution center in Fresno, California went live in July, serving both e-commerce and retail operations. This DC is planned to ramp quickly with a more aggressive first year build than Greenwood and Dallas. Fresno is currently serving nearly 100 stores and about 20% of our e-com volume. In the fall, Fresno will ramp to about 170 stores and maintain its share of ulta.com sales. And after the holiday season, Fresno will ramp to serving more than 200 stores and more than 20% of our e-commerce sales. Overall, we're pleased with the strong performance of our supply chain operations, in-stocks and decreases in inventory per door. 
This year, we've implemented improved processes with a large number of inventory transitions we execute as a result of our growing access to new brands and products. At the end of the quarter, we ran a special clearance event with extra discounts in inventory resulting from the major planogram reset we've executed recently. The event was designed to sell through inventory no longer on a store's planogram and clean up our back room, setting us up for a great 21 Days of Beauty and strong holiday season, and is proceeding on plan. 
Now before I turn it over to Scott, I'd like to give you a preview of our upcoming Investor and Analyst Conference. Scheduled for November 8, near Chicago, this will be our third biannual investor conference. And similar to prior events, it's an opportunity to get to know the management team, learn about our latest thinking on our market share gain opportunities, our consumer targets, our brand positioning, get an update on our loyalty program and share of wallet potential, hear about the outlook for newness across our merchandise portfolio, learn more about the salon services optimization program, see how we're investing in technology and innovation to enhance the guest experience, get a refresher on our supply chain capabilities, learn more about our efficiencies-for-growth program and get a current view on our capital allocation. So lots to cover, and we hope you'll join us in November. 
And with that, I'll hand it over to Scott to talk in more detail about our second quarter results and share our outlook for the second half.

Well, obviously, it's sort of a -- it's a mix story, I guess, I would say. We continue to drive solid growth in prestige cosmetics overall. We continue to have great market share gains. We've seen through our boutique brands, they're growing very nicely, and many of our prestige brands are growing with strong innovation and social media presence. But a few of our major prestige brands are not lapping the newness, I guess I'd say. So that's putting some pressure on the model. This is what we do I guess all the time. Our merchants are constantly evaluating and working with our brand partners to continue to strengthen the pipeline. We feel really good about the pipeline. First of all, our overall business model, I think, is -- it shows the strength and flexibility at a time where you might have a segment that's not as strong but delivering strong results across many categories. And we're working with -- closely with our brands. And maybe, Dave, if you want to add a little bit about we feel really good about the pipeline of newness and innovation from the second half.

Yes. Well, we're very invested in the services part of our business. It's a critical differentiator. It's -- that salon guest, any service guest is really one of our best guests because they shop and spend much more. They spend almost 3x what somebody who's not using services does. So our salon business continues to outperform the market. We have exceptional talent. We do see that -- we believe we can reinvent it to make it even better, and that's why we're doing this services optimization work. Early results are very encouraging, and it's really about optimizing menu, pricing, training, hiring kind of across board. So you'll expect that to show fast results quickly, but that early results are actually very encouraging. And also, as we start to roll out the skin bar with these quicker services, that is off to a very strong start as well. And it's very much just being responsive to what our guests want and need from us. They care a lot about skincare. They don't have maybe as much time to have a long service, but they're very happy to start participating in these quicker services. So a lot of new brand launches, a lot of innovation there, and we feel good about where it's heading.

Well, it's a new possibility at Ulta. Yes, so we're not going to -- we don't really have details to disclose today, but know that it will be all stores and online by holiday. We're really excited about it. It's going to be, I think, a fantastic partnership for us. And I'll see if you want anything more. I'll just add, as we start our new advertising, which starts September 2, so it's right around the corner. Really proud about, I think, the work, and we pretested the works so we feel good about how consumers are going to react to it. It's just the next evolution of our brand and really elevating to a more emotional level in a way that's very consistent with how people want to see Ulta Beauty talk about beauty. So more to come on that, but I think bakes it very nicely together.

Well, thank you for the question. I'm not going to comment on the quarter that we're in, but we really try to give our best guidance. We do expect to see acceleration against some easier comps in the second half. And as, I think, we've talked about a couple times, the continued rollout of some of our high-growth brands, newness from existing brand partners, new advertising, 21 Days of Beauty, which is always a great event for us. So we just believe that and see the ability for our comps to strengthen as we get further into the year.

Okay, a 3-parter. So on the promotional strategy, I will just say that it's -- we've been consistent year-over-year in the quarter. There's -- I would say the overall environment is always competitive. We're not seeing any major shifts I would say in the promotional environment, it's stable, but pretty promotional environment. I feel really good about the model that we have. We've worked hard over the last 5 years to really diversify our, I guess I'd call them demand levers and tools. And we always have the ability to pull different levers with an increasing focus on using our loyalty program, our CRM program, more personalized over time. So and it's allowed us to really balance in this and invest in things like advertising and PR and social media. So I think we've got that, we flex as we need, but we don't see that as being necessarily very different right now, I guess, than it's been. Your other question, competition. Everybody is interested in the beauty business, and so, yes, we're aware, pay attention to everything that's going on. We, I think, have a real strong lead as it relates to having a differentiated model, whether you're talking about competing with mass, where we've got obviously very differentiated assortment in mass the arena or mass-tige arena, plus services, plus our loyalty program. So I love what we're doing as it relates to digitally-native brands across prestige and mass. And so we look at everything as game on, but not -- doesn't keep me up at night, I guess, I'd say.

Loyalty, we are careful not to break out a lot of detail about the various performance of the tiers. But I will tell you is that, obviously, we consider it a successful and a strong tool for us. But if you step way back, today, we have just under 30 million members in our loyalty program, but they still represent only 1/3 of the beauty enthusiasts in the U.S., and we only have about 1/3 of the wallet share. So I look at that as a continued source. We're very focused on how we're going to grow both that, the number of members as well as wallet share. And the tier -- I mean, the innovation that the team has put in place in the program are really working. So the diamond tier, really strong move for us; credit card, increasing personalization engine and recommendation engine. So as well as really strong focus by our teams in-store on driving awareness and conversion of the program. So we see that as a core asset for us and feel really good about how we're going to continue to innovate to drive growth. On Bon-Ton, I would just say we're certainly paying attention to everything that's happening competitively. And we're obviously reaching out, making sure customers who are looking for a place to shop for beauty in those markets, know about Ulta Beauty. When -- I would say our guidance assumes we're going to continue to gain share across from several sources, we don't predict that precisely down to an individual competitor. But we see closure impact the stores. Can have kind of a plus or a minus, but generally built into our expectations.

Yes. Those stores are performing really well. We're thrilled that we opened them. I think they're giving us great brand awareness and also really performing very nicely for us. So I think going forward it'll still be a small-ish part of what we do. Obviously, the cost around those businesses is a lot higher than an non-urban store, but we love what we're seeing in those.

Yes, Matt. I would say yes. Think about it like that. It comes quite late in the year, and so we factored that into our thinking. And it's like any new brand. It's really hard to predict exactly how it'll play, but think about it as included in the guidance, yes.

Yes, which as I said earlier, just -- and broadly, we've got about 1/3 of the share wallet of our loyalty members overall. So we don't really break that out in any more level of specificity, but you can imagine some that are more highly engaged. We have a higher share of wallet than others, but on average it's 1/3. So our focus, as we think about the future, is just really we've got everything the beauty enthusiast wants and loves, and we're going to continue to offer her everything she needs and wants. And so for us, it's about continuing -- but you'll also -- we'll never have 100% of her wallet share because people shop in different places sometimes. But we think that between increased levels of personalization of our offers and just innovation in the program and also innovation of what we offer, we're going to continue to focus on how we can even drive more of that wallet share growth over time. But it doesn't move overnight. It takes a while, but that's a key area of focus for us.

Well, maybe I'll start with that, and then Dave, you can talk about the planograms. But I just think it's actually, it's a really exciting and interesting time for innovation in entrepreneurialism in this industry. And the great thing is that we can participate across all that, and I'm proud about how our team is building partnerships. But I'll tell you, some of the largest, most iconic and well-known brands are doing really well with younger guests as well. Estée Lauder is a great example of a classic iconic brand that millennials have rediscovered. Of course, then there's lots of brands that are starting up as entrepreneurial, direct-to-consumer. So I think that is certainly going to continue to be the dynamic going forward, and our goal is to bring our guests really everything that she wants across the spectrums. But I -- it doesn't mean that any one is going to win for the long term. I think it's the mosaic of being in all of those sectors of the market.

Great. I'd like to wrap up by thanking all of the Ulta Beauty associates. They delivered another solid quarter and executed a number of complex projects to enhance our guest experience to set us up for a strong second half of the year. So I look forward to speaking with all of you soon. Thank you.