Thank you, Laurel, and good afternoon, everyone. The Ulta Beauty team delivered excellent results for the fourth quarter. This performance reflects an acceleration in the retail comp, primarily driven by traffic, continued strength in mass cosmetics, boutique brands, skincare and fragrance, and stable performance in prestige cosmetics. We're gaining significant share across all major categories, particularly with digitally native brands that our guests are highly engaged with and where Ulta Beauty is often the only point of distribution in brick-and-mortar. 
Solid execution of our holiday plans by our merchandising, store operations, e-commerce, marketing, supply chain and systems teams drove a successful holiday period across multiple metrics: sales, in-stocks and guest experience. 
To recap our fourth quarter financial performance. Total sales increased 9.7%, or 16.2% adjusting for last year's 53rd week. We achieved our best comp sales performance of the year with a 9.4% comp on top of an 8.8% comp in the fourth quarter of 2017. The strong performance was driven primarily by transaction growth, with meaningful improvement in the retail traffic trend. 
Diluted GAAP earnings per share of $3.61 grew 6.2% compared to $3.40 achieved in last year's 14-week fourth quarter, or 31.3% excluding the benefit from tax reform-related items in the fourth quarter of 2017.
We delivered these results by executing on our strategic imperatives. And I'll provide an update on each, starting with our strategies to increase loyalty and evolve our brand. Our Ultamate Rewards loyalty program remains one of our most valuable assets. Membership at the end of the year reached 31.8 million active members, representing active member growth of 14.4% compared to 2017. Our store team's sustained focus on conversion benefited from robust store traffic during the quarter. As we anniversaried the launch of our Elite Diamond tier, we are pleased to see the number of guests that attained Diamond level was ahead of plan, with very high guest engagement. 
The latest loyalty program benefit was launched at the beginning of the new fiscal year with the new perk offering our guests the ability to use points on all skin, brow, makeup and hair services, and guests are loving it. 
We've been talking about personalization as the next frontier in loyalty. We're currently focusing our efforts around personalization by incorporating relevant product recommendations and replenishment reminders across digital channels, with much more in the works in concert with our acquisitions of QM Scientific and GlamST last fall. I'll cover more on this topic in a moment when I discuss digital innovation. 
Our credit card program exceeded expectations in 2018, with penetration of credit card sales reaching double digits. Success here was driven by outstanding store associate engagement, effective acquisition campaigns such as gifts with applications, seamless integration into the loyalty calendar and strong support from internal and external partners. 
Gift card sales grew 24% in the fourth quarter, and this 
healthy growth helped fuel strong post-holiday sales. Increases in our third-party distribution network drove much of this growth, with the total third-party door count now surpassing 50,000 distribution points. 
Benefiting from our holiday marketing campaigns, Q4 brand awareness maintained all-time high levels reached throughout 2018 at 55% for unaided and 90% for aided awareness. Brand awareness showed momentum across all generations, with particular strength among Gen X and Gen Z shoppers as well as progress with our Latinas and African-American beauty enthusiasts. We also continue to drive a stronger emotional connection to our brand as a result of our marketing and public relations efforts to advance our new brand purpose, The Possibilities Are Beautiful. 
Next, I'd like to share an update on our strategy to delight our guests with our merchandise assortment, focused on innovation, differentiation, exclusivity and speed to market. Newness continued to drive traffic and share gains across all categories. Products that weren't in the assortment a year ago drove about 4 points of our total company comp. Top-performing categories were mass cosmetics, prestige boutique brands, fragrance and prestige skincare. Smaller departments like accessories and sun care also delivered double-digit comps. 
The makeup category overall, through the lens of mass and prestige cosmetics combined, comped exactly in line with the [ house ]. Our strategy to be the partner of choice for digitally native brands like Morphe and Kylie Cosmetics are paying off. Both brands drove very strong traffic in stores, suggesting our guests are motivated to make more trips to the store to try these products in person. 
Despite a tough comparison to double-digit comps in the fourth quarter of last year, mass cosmetics accelerated to be our best-performing category in the quarter, with Morphe, Revolution Beauty and e.l.f. leading the way. Building on the success of changes to the assortment we made a year ago, we just reset the mass cosmetics area again with more space dedicated to the fastest-growing brands. Morphe expanded to a larger footprint in most stores and is having great success with collaborations with mega influencers, Jaclyn Hill and James Charles. Morphe recently launched its Fluidity Foundation in 600 doors featuring 60 shades, and we also just launched a Morphe makeup fresh collaboration with Jeffree Star, another high-profile social media influencer with 11.5 million Instagram followers. We also expanded ColourPop to 250 more stores, now available in nearly 800 stores. Other brands that earned expansions to either more doors or more shelf space include e.l.f., L.A. Girl, Milani, Wet n Wild and BH Cosmetics. 
[ Counts ] remained very healthy across Benefit, Clinique, Lancôme and MAC. We rolled out 692 prestige boutiques in total for 2018, and plan to expand the presence of these 4 brands in many additional doors in 2019 in various expressions in our stores, including presence in line, on wall presentations, on endcaps and in impulse fixtures. 
In the rest of the prestige cosmetics portfolio, top performers included Estée Lauder, Kylie Cosmetics, NARS and Tarte. We have a lot of exciting newness across the portfolio that's encouraging for this category's performance in 2019. Key launches include Tarte face tape foundation, inspired by the iconic best-selling shape tape concealer; Sugar Rush, an exclusive sub-brand from Tarte, specifically created to target the Gen Z beauty enthusiast; a new brow program and makeup pallet from Urban Decay; and the launch of new brands, Smith & Cult and Grande lash. 
We're also highlighting trends more visibly in our store with a focus on clean beauty, with a vegan beauty endcap, and the expansion of our hottest-in-beauty section in-store. This was launched last fall as an endcap, showcasing new, hot digital brands like Lime Crime, Ofra and Sugarpill, and is moving in line this quarter. 
To update you on Kylie Cosmetics, which launched in mid-November, we experienced very strong sell-through on the 28 lip products we offer and were essentially out-of-stock for a few weeks at the end of the quarter. This popular brand clearly drove store traffic and new customer acquisition, with an uptick in younger, more diverse guests. Product began flowing back into the stores in late January and we're currently in a much better in-stock position. 
This week, several new items are setting to add to the original assortment, including eyeshadow palettes and some additional lip products. 
Fragrance had a banner year, capped with a strong fourth quarter performance that drove double-digit comps. These results were underpinned by our holiday marketing and gift-with-purchase programs as well as the success of our Fragrance Crush program, which highlights a fragrance each month. KKW FRAGRANCE, launched exclusively in brick-and-mortar at Ulta before holiday, was a standout in the portfolio. YSL, Versace and Ulta Beauty exclusive Ariana Grande fragrances were also among the leading brands driving our growth in fragrance.  
The prestige skin category delivered solid growth, led by strength from Mario Badescu, First Aid Beauty and proactiv. We're broadening our brand portfolio with the addition of new brands like Urban Skin Rx, a line of clinical skincare products designed for women of color; Fountain of Truth, a clean, cruelty-free line developed by Giuliana Rancic; My Clarins, an exclusive line of vegan skincare products from Clarins; and Cannuka, a skincare line infused with CBD and honey. We've also added a curated assortment of Kiehl's products in all doors in our impulse fixtures, and all new stores we open this year will offer the full Kiehl's product line. 
The overall haircare category also delivered solid growth, with broad-based strength across core professional haircare brands and a successful promotion featuring jumbo sizes of Pro Hair products. Consumer interest in Sugarbearhair vitamins was a highlight in the mass hair category. 
In summary, the team has done a fantastic job evolving our offerings across the entire box and making sure we have the right brands and products to delight our guests [ to ] create constant newness. 
Now let me update you on our services business. Salon comp sales rose 6.2%, driven by average ticket increases. Total salon revenue increased 4.7% compared to last year's fourth quarter with an extra week of sales. The salon teams benefited from the healthy traffic in our stores and drove strength across all the major service categories, including color, cut and style, blowouts, hair treatments and makeup. We're seeing encouraging results from the regions that have rolled out our services optimization platform and plan to implement this program for the entire chain in the second quarter. The hallmarks of the services optimization program are our compensation designed to attract and retain top talent, industry-leading internal training and education, simplified menus, transparent pricing and an enhanced field team focused on business and technical training in each district. 
We continue to test our new salon appointment booking tool in partnership with technology startup Spruce, which has developed an enhanced tool for booking appointments for all services, including hair, skin, brows with the Benefit Brow Bars and makeup with MAC artists. We expect to roll out the booking tool with further enhancements in 2019. 
Our Ulta Beauty Pro team won the prestigious NAHA, or North American Hair Award, for the Salon Team of The Year for the first time this year. Both the Ulta Beauty Pro team and the Ulta Beauty design team were nominated in this category. This type of recognition highlights Ulta Beauty as an industry leader and authority in salon hair care, raising our profile and helping us attract high-quality stylists. 
Now I'll turn to store growth. We opened 11 net new stores in the fourth quarter compared to 16 last year and ended the year with 1,174 stores. New store productivity remains very strong. We plan to open approximately 80 stores this year, the majority in suburban strip centers and power centers. 
The 2019 plan anticipates about 3/4 of the new store portfolio in existing shopping centers and 1/4 in new centers, with almost all stores filling in the existing markets compared to just a couple stores in new markets. Our real estate strategy is evolving to focus on portfolio management with heightened attention on lease renegotiation; evaluating repositioning, relocating or closing stores at the end of leases; and continuing to remodel and upgrade storefronts and pylon signs to ensure consistent branding and shopping experiences across the portfolio. 
Moving to our e-commerce business. Ulta.com grew comp sales 25.1% on top of 50.4% in the fourth quarter of 2017, and contributed 240 basis points to our total company comp, driven by transaction growth. Total site traffic rose 33%, with mobile site traffic growth up 31% and mobile app traffic up 49%. We're driving healthy growth of our omni-channel members with loyalty members shopping both retail stores and Ulta.com increasing to 12.1% of guests for 2018 compared to 10.4% in 2017. 
Our e-commerce growth rate was a bit softer than our guidance of mid-30s, which we attribute primarily to a reverse channel shift in light of our guests' avid interest in coming to the store to see and try makeup from digitally native brands like Morphe and Kylie Cosmetics. All of the moderation in our e-commerce growth rate came from the cosmetic category across both prestige and mass. We made the strategic decision to emphasize our in-store offerings with these newer brands with a broader assortment and more inventory allocated for highly anticipated launches like the James Charles palette. 
As a result, the strength of these digitally native brands was even more concentrated in-store than we planned. Another factor in the top line moderation for Ulta.com relates to e-commerce's higher sensitivity to promotional offers. We saw the bigger impact to our online sales as a result of being less promotional year-over-year. 
We continue to see strong guest adoption of our buy online, pick up in store initiative. We're expanding focus from the 47 stores that launched in late 2018 and plan to deploy to the full chain this summer. 
Turning to digital innovation highlights. Following the acquisitions of GlamST and QM Scientific last fall, we're pleased to report that both teams are integrating very well into the Ulta Beauty team. We've migrated our personalization platform to Google Cloud and are bringing to life product recommendations and adding more data such as reviews and clickstream data to amplify our understanding of our guest behaviors. We're also working on conversational commerce and AI-driven communications to automate common guest service inquiries on topics such as birthday gifts and loyalty points. GLAM LAB, our virtual try-on app, recently launched live video on iOS, which will soon be available on Android devices as well. Previously, the app offered only static images. With advances in virtual try-on capabilities, we're mapping out linkages between AI and try-on apps that will have applications in areas such as skin diagnostics or finding the perfect foundation. 
As a reminder, we won't be breaking out detailed quarterly e-commerce metrics starting in 2019, but we'll continue to provide color on e-commerce trends and its contribution to our growth. 
Lastly, I'll provide an update on our supply chain strategy. Our supply chain team and operations performed very smoothly during the busy holiday season and delivered excellent in-stock levels while controlling overall inventory levels. Inventory per door grew 1.3%, well below the comp growth rate, as we leveraged core systems such as SWIFT to improve inventory productivity. 
Our Fresno DC is ramping up more quickly than our previous DCs, now serving 235 stores and 21% of e-commerce orders. We're winding down our Phoenix distribution center, which will officially close later this month. The teams there have done an excellent job transferring inventories to our remaining network and wrapping up the facility closure with minimal disruption ahead of the lease expiration at the end of the month as well as assisting the smooth transitions of our associates into the local job market. We're excited to announce that we're in the process of converting our Romeoville, Illinois, distribution center into Ulta Beauty's first fast fulfillment center planned to open this summer. 
A second FFC is in the works and expected to open in the summer of 2020 in Jacksonville, Florida. Fast fulfillment centers serve only e-commerce orders and will be able to fulfill up to 30,000 orders per day during peak times, increasing our network capacity and progressing toward our goal of 2-day e-commerce shipping by 2021. Another initiative to speed delivery to our e-commerce guests is our ship-from-store project. We plan to launch a test of ship from store in 5 locations around the country in the second half of the year. 
So with that, I'll turn it over to Scott to discuss in more detail the drivers of our fourth quarter financials and outlook for 2019.

Sure I'll start with the loyalty program and I'll ask David to add a couple bits at the end, if he wants. But to give you a full answer, the -- I'd say, overall, the spend-per-member growth is going to be driven by a lot of things, personalization being one of them, for sure. But we're pleased with how it's been progressing. So really, things that we do today, like newness and the perks that we continue to innovate, the credit card program, the tiers like the newest Diamond tier, all are contributing to engagement and driving that spend per member. And as guests mature in the program, their spend just naturally grows over time as well. Personalization is -- I think, we're very much in the early innings on it, very excited about it, and it's really about driving more customized experiences. I guess, one simple example would be recommendations. So the smarter that we can get about a guest's past purchase patterns and infer her preferences or his preferences based on that, it gives us the ability to serve up recommendations that are even more relevant, for example. And if there's any other examples you want to add?

Possibly 3 questions in 1. Listen, we're excited about the momentum on the business, digitally native brands being a part of it, but frankly, really not the only and most major part. I mean, we had, as I discussed in the script, really strong growth across a lot of -- most of our categories and share gains across almost every single category. And strong double-digit growth across many places. So really, I would say that think about those as definitely big launches. Morphe, we had already launched. The James Charles palette was a nice, good addition because he has a strong following. And of course, Kylie was new and a pretty small assortment. So you can expect that -- I've already said, we're expanding that assortment. That's happening right now. And I'd like to think about it as a plethora of ways that we're going to continue to be the source, I think, leader for growth in the category by participating across categories with the many brand partners that are both existing and new. So I think about it as, I guess, sort of we're all really focused on what are our guests looking for at the end of the day. And if we can make sure to offer that to them, I think we're going to continue to be in a good place.

And then, to your other question, Simeon, I would say, it sort of -- it depends. Overall, digitally native brands are performing well, both online and we're bringing them into the store. So maybe what we just saw on the last quarter, it's a little bit about how we choose to play it, frankly. As we went into this quarter, we emphasized those 2, Kylie and James Charles, launches more in-store, frankly, and it really drove a lot of in-store traffic. They're also doing really, really well online. But we had a bigger assortment in-store. And so I would say that we also have brands that we sell only online that did quite well. So for us, it's about -- I think it actually is a good proof point about the basic thesis of our business, which is that the physical experience of trying on -- trying products in person really appeals to a lot of our guests, and then she also wants to be able to buy it online and be convenient as well. So it's an interesting time for us to say how do we kind of meet the guest where she is, think about how -- what's best for our business, but I don't see any reason why we can't be successful in both channels.

Thank you, Adrienne. We don't really break that out specifically. I'll tell you, we feel really good about the Diamond tier launch. It's ahead of -- I guess, I would say, it's ahead of what we expected so far, which is fantastic because these folks are our best guests in terms of being omnichannel guests, services guests, high share of wallet, et cetera. And we're seeing overall, throughout the loyalty set of folks, as they mature, they spend more, and so we're going to have more of them moving from Platinum into Diamond. And our job is to continue to entice them to spend more through everything that we do every day. And I think all that is working really well. So as I mentioned, whether it's newness; new perks, we just started with being able to use loyalty points on services and that seems to be very appealing; credit card growth; and then the additional ability to use personalization tools. I think we feel good about where we are.

Yes, on the -- I don't know if we would break out in the past, Laurel. You can help me with that.

And the goal is to always drive as much comp as we can. So I mean, I can't -- we can't predict that would be a continued trend. I mean, that was a bit of a -- it worked great, but I wouldn't say that we'd expect it to be ongoing at that level. But our merchant team is constantly out there. There's all sorts of newness all the time and that's what our guests really want, and I think we're doing a good job of delivering that. And as for the channel shift, I guess, in some ways, we're kind of learning as we go. As I said, we're being very direct about the fact that the e-commerce growth was somewhat different than we expected this quarter because it's sort of a high-class problem to have, we have more people shopping in the stores. And I think it's interesting, again, proving the thesis that the in-store experience is extremely important sometimes as well. So I think we'll just continue to be strategic and tactical about how we think about launches. And it's going to vary. There won't be any one formula, I think I'd say, but I think it's good that we have options.

Omar, thank you. That's a great question and certainly something that we work on all the time, thinking about both the short-term, literally the next day, the next quarter, and 10 years from now. So I'd say, first and foremost, I think there's a lot of things for us to do to continue to drive growth in our core business model and that's what we're really, really focused on. So we've got a lot of stores to build, a lot of stores to remodel. We're focused on, frankly, what should the experience of the future be like online and in-store. And in some ways, we've gotten started but there's a lot more that we can and will do there because we don't rest on our laurels, no pun intended. But we fully would expect that what guests would expect in the future in terms of a retail experience is just going to continue to change. So I'd say a lot of what we're focused on is continuing to do what we do well today and then think about how to invent the future of our core model with confidence. I mean, I do feel that we feel that if we play our offense, which is really deep understanding about our guests, really treating our associates well with a culture that seems to be working, and positioning Ulta Beauty as a really inclusive beauty retailer and everything that goes with that, we think we're on the right path. So at the same token, we're absolutely thinking about what does the longer-term future look like to continue to drive shareholder returns, and there's many ways to think about that. So that hasn't changed. We're not announcing doing anything differently today, but that's a fair question and one that we work on.

Yes, and I'll just jump in, Dan, on the question on urban stores. It kind of depends on how you define urban, there's a lot of different ways to describe it. So the vast majority of the stores that we have planned to build, I guess, you'd consider sort of non-urban, more in our traditional kind of power centers. But we have plenty of urban stores or city stores that we like and that do well. I'd say, the addition of more -- I wouldn't call them flagship, more high-profile stores, like the Manhattan Upper East Side and Michigan Avenue, has also been great in terms of just expanding awareness and presence of Ulta Beauty as a retailer. But those kind of things have a different cost scenario in terms of how to run them. And so we're just going to continue to be really selective. And there's going to be spots where we like the footprint, we like the parking, we like the -- what's around us, and they'll be few and far between, I think, because really, our model tends to not be super urban and does fine.

Well, I would say, first of all, the e-commerce, the way we guided for this year is consistent with roughly where we're feeling as we looked at our longer-term plan, that we're off a very big base and that we'll be pushing $1 billion in sales. And so we naturally expected that to moderate. And so I don't -- I think the fourth quarter may have been a bit of an anomaly. We'll see in terms of that dynamic. But again, I think, our job is to just stay smart and flexible with the levers that we have and understand the dynamics that's happening from a consumer behavior perspective. There's no way, shape or form that the importance of e-commerce as a channel is going to diminish, it's only going to grow. And so we need to continue to make sure that we're a great omnichannel retailer as well as a great brick-and-mortar retailer. I think it's kind of the best way to answer it. And then, the...

Great. I'd like to wrap up by thanking our 45,000 associates for delivering an excellent 2018 and teeing up 2019 to be another year of strong top and bottom line growth. I think our team is really well positioned to execute on a host of growth and efficiency initiatives to drive the long term success of our business and create significant shareholder value. So I look forward to speaking with all of you again soon. Thank you.