Thank you, Kiley, and good afternoon, everyone. The Ulta Beauty team delivered another quarter of solid top line performance, gross margin expansion and EPS growth despite the current challenges facing the U.S. beauty category. 
Our differentiated model is winning in the marketplace. We continue to gain market share across all major beauty categories, and we're extending our leadership position by creating stronger connections with our guests and engaging them in better and more exciting ways.
Our financial performance for the quarter was generally in line with our internal expectations. To recap, total sales grew 7.9%. Comp store sales increased 3.2% on top of 7.8% growth in the third quarter of last year. Gross margin expanded by about 40 basis points, and diluted earnings per share increased 3.2%.
As we discussed on the last earnings call, we believe the makeup category in the U.S. is experiencing a down cycle. Like other consumer categories, makeup has experienced a number of up and down cycles. The most recent growth cycle began in 2014, driven by new application techniques in looks like contouring, highlighting and brow styling and new products, such as palettes, minis and travel sizes. The rise of social media influencers, video tutorials and selfies also contributed to strong growth in the category.
After several years of robust growth, the category began to decelerate in 2017 and turned negative in late 2018, resulting from a lack of engaging newness and incremental innovation. This negative trend has continued through 2019 with further deceleration in the most recent quarter.
Now makeup looks and trends are constantly evolving, driven by industry innovation, fashion and pop culture. And while we've seen sales decline in the U.S. makeup category this year, consumers are still buying and wearing makeup. For example, we're seeing interest in a more natural look, which is different than bare face, and actually requires multiple products to create a neutral and glowy look.
Alternatively, some popular culture influences are leaning into bold, unconventional applications of color and adornments like sequins and pearls. And at the spring 2020 fashion shows this fall, we saw a variety of looks ranging from natural and glowy to embellished brows, glitter and sequined eye shadows, and graphic eyeliner. 
We know it will take time to bring newness and innovation to the category, but we're confident that the makeup category will emerge from this down cycle and return to growth. Longer-term growth drivers, such as demographic trends, remain favorable. 
For example, Latinas are one of the fastest-growing population segments in the U.S. and they overindex in makeup usage. And Gen Z consumers who are already highly engaged in beauty, are expected to increase their usage of makeup as they age and enter the workforce, as we saw with millennial consumers.
In addition, our proprietary research confirms that beauty enthusiasts are still passionate about makeup, use makeup as a tool for self-expression and enjoy expressing themselves with multiple looks. In the near term, we're collaborating with our brand partners to identify trends in white spaces in the category, and we're actively working on these efforts to drive incremental category innovation to reignite growth. And while it's difficult to predict the exact timing, we're confident that these efforts, combined with favorable demographic trends, will result in a return to growth for the U.S. makeup category. 
In the meantime, we're leaning into categories that are experiencing stronger growth. For example, the skincare category is seeing nice growth in both the prestige and the mass segments. The category has experienced meaningful newness in brands innovation in terms of new brands, new products and new routines. And we're seeing that the Gen Z demographic is more engaged in skincare than other cohorts were at the same age, which bodes well for longer-term growth for the category.
We're taking a number of actions to ensure we fully capture the opportunity of these skincare trends. For example, this year, we've added more than 30 new skincare brands to our assortment, increasing our offering across mass and prestige. And we're increasing the focus on skincare in our marketing campaigns as well as leveraging flex space in stores to highlight key brands and newness in this growing category. 
In addition, we've expanded our multibrand Skin Bar model into 100 more stores. An important differentiator for Ulta Beauty is our ability to connect product with services to create deeper customer engagement. Almost every Ulta store offers a full array of skincare services and has a licensed esthetician onsite to provide guests with personalized recommendations. 
About 20% of our stores feature our multibrand  Skin Bar model, which offers guests the opportunity to experience quick services like a 10-minute express facial or a 20-minute mineral infusion and to interact with different brands, including Dermalogica, Murad and Kiehl's. And the configuration of the Skin Bars frees up an average of 12 additional feet of retail space for skincare products and demystifies the skin service experience as services are performed directly on the sales floor. As a result of all these efforts, new brands, increased marketing and expanded skin services, we've continued to increase our market share of the U.S. skincare category.
To wrap up what we're currently seeing in the U.S. beauty market trends, the skincare fragrance and hair categories are expanding, growth in the overall U.S. beauty industry continues to be constrained by softness in the makeup category. We continue to believe that the headwinds facing the makeup category are largely cyclical, resulting from a lack of incremental innovation and compelling newness. 
We remain confident the makeup category will return to growth but recognize that it will take time. The Ulta Beauty model is winning within the beauty space, and we remain confident that our differentiated business model, our strategic investments and our highly engaged associates will enable us to drive further market share gains, positioning us well for when the makeup cycle recovers.
Now I'd like to give you an update on the progress we've made this quarter on our strategic imperatives. Beginning with our efforts to strengthen the Ulta Beauty brand at increased loyalty, I am pleased to share that we continue to make great progress in both of these areas. From an overall awareness standpoint, our aided brand awareness remains strong at 92% and unaided brand awareness increased 2 points to 57% compared to the same period a year ago. 
Our integrated marketing campaigns, including fall refresh, 21 Days Of Beauty and our Gorgeous Hair event all help keep us top of mind and draw engagement with guests while celebrating the emotional and inclusive power of possibilities at Ulta Beauty. I'm particularly proud of our fundraising campaign for the Breast Cancer Research Foundation, in which we brought to life stories of how donations can lead to life-changing medical advancements by featuring researchers alongside breast cancer survivors through print, in-store, digital and social media. 
We continue to expand our social media capabilities, focusing on creating moments and spaces to drive meaningful conversations and connect with beauty enthusiasts in relevant ways. Reflecting this strategy, we've launched our first-ever TikTok campaign to support the launch of Florence by Mills, a new beauty brand from Millie Bobby Brown. Using this rising platform to showcase that the possibilities are beautiful, we ran a campaign using #BeautyIs that encouraged users to define and showcase beauty on their terms, a powerful message that Millie's brand shares. As a result of this and other social media campaigns and conversations launched this year, I am really proud to say that Ulta Beauty recently earned the #1 spot in Engagement Labs ranking for social influence amongst top Beauty & Personal Care brands in the U.S. 
On the brand loyalty side, we've seen tremendous growth in members and engagement since converting our loyalty program to Ultimate Rewards in 2014. at the end of the third quarter, we had 33.9 million active members in our Ultimate Rewards loyalty program, an increase of 11% versus the third quarter last year. Sales from loyalty members continue to represent more than 95% of our total revenues. And importantly, we continue to see growth in average spend per member. 
In addition to converting new members to our program, our team is focused on driving strong member engagement, especially among our new and second year members as well as reactivated members who have lapsed. To ensure we're creating a strong first impression, we've revamped our communications on the welcome to provide enhanced education about benefits of our program with personalized relevant content, along with targeted promotions to drive frequency of purchase and engagement. As a result of these efforts, we've seen positive improvement in our member retention trends.
Recognizing that the group of new members will naturally slow as the program matures, we're increasingly focused on how we can drive greater spend per member. We continue to test and optimize personalized e-mail and push recommendations and replenishment reminders based on previous transaction activity. And we've just started to test targeted recommendations based upon other guest behaviors to improve the relevance of our recommendations to our guests.
Expanding participation in the Ultimate Rewards credit card program is another key strategy to drive higher spend per member as we know that members who participate in the credit card program shop us more often and spend more with us. And in the third quarter, we again saw strong growth in our credit card portfolio. 
Now moving on to our strategic imperative to delight guests with a one-of-a-kind world-class beauty assortment, the new and exclusive product launches we brought to market this year are delivering results. In the third quarter, newness drove about 25% of our total comp, driven primarily by new brands and products in skincare and haircare. From a category standpoint, we saw strong comp sales growth this quarter in skincare, fragrance, accessories and haircare. 
Skincare continues to be one of our strongest growth categories with prestige, mass and sun care all delivering double-digit comps again this quarter. Much of this growth is a result of strong brand and product innovation as well as new skincare routines. In prestige skincare, newer brands like Kiehl's and TULA Life continue to drive strong guest engagement, while more established brands like First Aid Beauty and Dermalogica benefited from strong product newness. Recently launched brands, Sunday Riley and Kylie Skin also performed well. 
In mass skincare, we saw strong growth across a number of brands, including The Ordinary, which we launched in select stores early in the quarter. Dermatologist-recommended brands, such as CeraVe, and newer natural brands, such as STAREs and Derma E, also continues to drive great guest engagement. Sales in sun care were strong again this quarter, driven by self-tanning and sun protection products. 
Fragrance delivered high single-digit comp growth this quarter, driven primarily by the launch of exclusive fragrances by Ariana Grande, Jennifer Lopez and KKW Fragrance, as well as newness from luxury brands, YSL, Dolce & Gabbana and Versace.
In the haircare category, we saw a mid-single-digit comp growth reflecting the success of our Gorgeous Hair event and the impact of new brands like IGK and Pattern, a new brand by Tracee Ellis Ross for curly, coily and textured hair available exclusively at Ulta Beauty. Sugarbearhair vitamins also continue to drive growth in the mass hair category. 
As expected, the overall makeup category was down slightly this quarter, driven by a low single-digit decline in prestige cosmetics. Despite the challenging headwinds facing the U.S. prestige makeup market, Ulta Beauty continued to capture significant market share gains. During the quarter, we saw strong growth from our iconic prestige brands, partially driven by the expansion of these brands to additional doors. 
Clinique and Lancôme, in particular, experienced nice growth, even after excluding gains related to distribution growth. Newer brands, including Kylie Cosmetics and KKW Beauty, also delivered nice growth in the quarter. These gains were more than offset by solid performance of other established brands in the portfolio.
Now looking forward to the fourth quarter, we've launched 2 exciting new prestige brands just in time for the holiday season. First, we're offering an assortment of pure items by Laura Mercier on ulta.com. Our Platinum and Diamond members have premium access to the new assortment now, which will be available to all Ulta Beauty guests next week. We've also just launched an exclusive capsule collection with Thrive Causemetics, a digitally native brand founded by entrepreneur and beauty product developer, Karissa Bodnar. 
Thrive sales products at our vegan, cruelty free and without parabens, latex and sulfates, and for every product purchase, the company makes a product donation to help women. Ulta Beauty is honored to be the exclusive retail partner to Thrive Causemetics and delighted to offer our guests the opportunity to discover and explore the products in-store for the very first time. The capsule collection includes a number of Thrive's most notable products, all for a compelling value. Look for more to come from both of these brands in 2020.
Although the U.S. mass cosmetics markets continued to experience sales declines, our mass cosmetics division delivered a mid-single-digit comp increase in the quarter, reflecting growth from our exclusive brick-and-mortar brands, including Morphe, ColourPop and Juvia's Place. Recently launched Florence by Mills, a new brand created by Millie Bobby Brown, also performed well.
Now shifting to our imperative to transform the in-store and beauty services experience, I am pleased to share that we're seeing a nice strengthening of our salon business, driven primarily by growth in color and texture treatments. Last quarter, we completed the rollout of our services optimization program in all stores. And as a result of these investments, we're delivering better trends in comp sales, average ticket, guest retention and satisfaction, and product attachment. We're also seeing increased stylist retention as well as stronger recruitment of experienced stylists with an established book of clients.
We continue to implement new ways to make the shopping experience easier for guests. In the second quarter, we completed the rollout of buy online, pick up in-store to all stores, and we continue to be very pleased with how our customers are responding to this new convenience. And this quarter, we expanded our mobile pilot point-of-sale to 100 store -- higher-volume stores, which will enhance the guest experience by reducing checkout wait times, especially important during the busy holiday season.
Now turning to real estate activity in the quarter, we opened 28 net new stores, relocated 2 stores and remodeled 3 stores compared to 39 net new stores, 1 relocation and 4 remodels in the third quarter last year, ending the quarter with 1,241 stores. New-store productivity remained strong with first year sales trending ahead of plan, and we remain on track to open 80 stores this year. 
We also executed a number of refreshes this quarter, expanding the distribution for our iconic prestige brands, which include Benefit, Clinique, Lancôme, MAC and Estée Lauder, to more doors. Today, almost all Ulta Beauty stores carry the Clinique and Benefit brands, more than 90% of stores carry Lancôme, slightly more than half of the chain carries Estée Lauder, and nearly 1/3 of stores now carry MAC.
Turning now to some highlights in our reinvent digital imperative. We continue to make progress in creating a more seamless omnichannel experience that meets the guests wherever they want to engage and shop. This quarter, we refreshed the Ulta Beauty app to incorporate more personalization and a stronger linkage to ultimate rewards to reinforce the value of our loyalty program. The new version includes a prominent loyalty dashboard that makes it easier for guests to track the value of their loyalty points, shows how points can add up and be more valuable, and features a fun birthday module to highlight the benefits of their birthday month. 
We've also combined our message center and offer hub, making it easier for members to activate target offers and quickly access eligible offers, and we've added new replenishment reminders and handpicked recommendations. Both are powered by our in-house artificial intelligence engine, Waze. 
We also continue to leverage augmented reality and artificial intelligence to create compelling beauty experiences for our guests to drive stronger brand loyalty. Within the Ulta Beauty app, guests are using GLAM LAB to virtually try on makeup for eyes, lips and cheeks, and we recently added a foundation option to help them navigate the wide variety of available shades by virtually trying them on. 
To further extend the reach of virtual try-on experiences beyond the mobile app, this quarter, we began to experiment with try on capabilities on ulta.com. We also continue to experiment and learn as we create more virtual beauty advisers. In addition to the existing skincare adviser, we recently launched a foundation finder and a mascara and lash adviser to help our guests find what works best for their needs. 
And late in the third quarter, we launched Afterpay as another payment option at ulta.com. Popular with millennials and budget-focused consumers, Afterpay allows shoppers to receive products immediately and pay for them in 4 installments. We're very encouraged by the early response and enthusiasm for Afterpay, and we're excited to have it in place for the holiday season. 
We've made a lot of progress this year in pursuit of our strategic imperative, all of which position us well to drive growth in the fourth quarter. To recap, heading into the fourth quarter this year, buy online, pickup in-store is available on ulta.com and through our app, and pickup is available in all stores. Afterpay is available on ulta.com and in our mobile app. 
We've refreshed our Ulta Beauty apps to serve our best guests better with more personalized experiences and easier access to their Ultimate Rewards benefits. We've completed services optimization in every store. We have more loyalty members and enhanced personalization capabilities. We have a lot of newness across the box, including exclusives from Millie Bobby Brown, Tracee Ellis Ross, Thrive, KKW Beauty, and Kylie Cosmetics, as well as a great collection of exclusive holiday gift sets curated by a merchandising team and brand partners. 
And we have a great talented team of store associates who are prepared and excited to serve our guests this holiday season. We kicked off the 2019 holiday season with a new in-store event in mid-November we called the Ulta BeautyFest. Our goal is to create an immersive event across our 1,200-plus stores to engage our guests and associates. With tremendous support from 60 of our key brand partners, our store teams hosted 2 days of demonstrations, influencer activations and giveaways. The event generated a lot of traffic to our stores, and I'm pleased with how our teams executed our plan. 
While we certainly have identified opportunities to improve the event. Overall, the guest response was positive with many of our guests making it a fun family event.
The holiday season is in full flow, and our teams are executing well. Our holiday campaign this year reflects the diversity of our guests and honors all the reasons to give, chances to gather and ways to glow. We've elevated our Beauty Blitz program, work collaboratively with our brand partners to create new exclusive items and kits for gifting and glamming, and simplified the flow and presentation in stores and online to make it easier for guests to find gifts. We expect the beauty category will likely be more promotional this holiday season, but I'm confident that our holiday marketing campaigns and our merchandise exclusives, combined with new strategic capabilities, position us really well to deliver a successful holiday.
In closing, while we've refined our full year guidance to reflect the year-to-date performance, our expectations for fiscal '19 have not materially changed since our last earnings call. We are working through our 2020 planning process and prioritizing our investment agenda for a year that's likely to remain challenged from a top line perspective, given the headwinds facing the cosmetics category. We'll make thoughtful choices regarding the pacing of investment as we look to deliver earnings growth in the short term, while also protecting longer-term growth potential.
While we haven't finalized all of our decisions, we have decided to delay the opening of our Jacksonville fast fulfillment center until 2021. We've also decided to maintain our investments to build international capabilities, which would support our entry into the Canadian market. We intend to provide more detail about our expectations for 2020 on our year-end call in March, as we normally do. 
And with that, I'll turn it over to Scott to discuss the drivers of our third quarter financials and outlook for the fourth quarter and full year in more detail.

Yes sure. Well, first of all, I'd say within the category, the issue about lack of growth is really about makeup, right? So other categories, skincare, fragrance, hair, all positive, and we've seen really strong comps in all of those categories. Makeup has been -- it was a little bit sort of bumpy around August, I'd say, big picture, Q2 was negative, and then Q3 was slightly more negative than that. 
So not as bad as the double digits that we're seeing at the time that we have the call, so we were anticipating it will continue to be pressured. And basically, we're right, the data supports that. And it's -- again, I'll just reiterate. I -- it's tough to be in a cycle, but the cycle in the U.S. feels very much about innovation. Not just being as incremental to categories that has been in prior years. 
And you can imagine, we're working very closely with our brand partners, big and small, and this should really bring back strong growth, and we believe the category will return to growth. There's always shifting preferences, but demographic trends really continue to be favorable for us, and our brand partners are very laser-focused on white space innovation, category growing opportunities. 
So tough to predict when that'll turn, but we feel confident it will. Our market share capture continues to be, I think, one of the strongest parts of our story. So -- and it's a little easy to get distracted by the short term. Our long-term view is that we have the winning model, and we are, I think proven by the fact that we're driving market share growth, new guest to our loyalty program. And for us to continue to do that in this time is really important. It sets us up, we think, really well for the future.

I wish I could give you that exact timing. It's pretty [indiscernible] today. So nice try, though. But I mean we feel good about that it will turn. And I don't want to give a specific time frame. But you can imagine everybody in the industry in makeup would like to see this get improved, and it will.

Well, we're not guiding for next year right now, so I understand the question. I'd say, as we think about the fourth quarter, I guess, the guidance that we gave at the midpoint is moderately better than Q3. But you're right, we have a lot left that we're lapping. But I think as Dave just described, we feel like we've got a really good array of tools from the offerings, the marketing, the promotions, et cetera. And we feel like we're off to a good start. 
And so as I said also in my call -- I mean, in my comments, there's quite a few things we have this quarter or this year that we didn't have last holiday. I think BOPUS might be one example of that. The buy online, pick-up store capability is something that we did not have last year, and it's off to a strong start for us this year. Stronger, I'd say our Ulta Beauty app is even better than before in terms of the ease of execution -- the ease of understanding what your points are and how they add up. 
Afterpay is another one that we have this year that we didn't have last year. Our service optimization has been rolled out now across every store, and a lot of newness in the box. And again, there's Millie Bobby Brown, Tracee Ellis Ross, Thrive, KKW Beauty. There's a lot of things that are incremental to a year ago. So we look at it and feel confident that the way we're guiding is as accurate as we can make it. And coming up against a big quarter last year, I think is -- we're in a good place to do that.

Actually, before -- maybe, Scott, you can take that, but I'll add because I forgot you had a second part -- a tricky 2-part question. But when you ask about that, well a little color on 2020. As I said, we would expect that the makeup category headwinds are with us for a while. That said, we are in a great position because we operate, I think everybody knows this, but across so many categories of beauty, and we have the ability to flex, and we are flexing. We had talked a lot about skincare as a category in our comments, more brands, more space, more activation. 
So we think that, while even with the headwinds of beauty, of makeup, and that will create some tough top line environment for us in 2020, we have other categories that we're going to continue to grow well in.

A second nice try. I like that. Yes. I guess, I just want to be clear though, I mean, I hope this comes through, that we feel very strongly that our business model is working, and we're no less confident in the long-term attractiveness of our business model at all. We're outperforming the rest of the market in terms of gaining market share. I feel very good about our capabilities, our brand awareness, our omnichannel capabilities, which are so important right now, right? Our digital capabilities, we're the destination preferred for teens. That's really important as we think about the future of the business. 
And so, everything from services to how we operate in store, I think, are just really exceptionally well-executed right now. So being a little patient and taking a long view on the category is an important stance for us and not getting ahead of our skis on this. 
And so if we could call it better, we would. We don't have control of everything that happens in this industry, obviously, but we've got great partners that are working hard with us to make sure that we continue to bring this back to growth. 
So -- but I think, as Scott said, we were, I think, taking a realistic and cautious look or view of the current operating environment and planning for that. I think that's the most pragmatic thing for us to do as we plan for 2020. But I don't -- so in terms of what that number looks like, we'll talk more about that when we get to March. But that's how we're viewing this.

Yes. I'm happy to take that. First of all, let me step back and say, we're all showing a heck a lot of makeup still. It's not like people aren't wearing makeup. I think that's really important that this is about growth versus year ago, really, at that most macro level. It's really about -- our main thesis is that there just isn't as many items that people are adding to their basket that are creating -- that are new rituals like things like contouring or doing your brows. 
So people are buying lots of makeup, and we'd say, engagement in the category is still quite high but just not at the level it was with the kind of newness that we'd seen for a few years. That's all solvable. That's around finding new consumer insights around white spaces and whatnot. So I think that that's kind of at a macro, what we think is happening. 
The -- when we think about it, there's also, I think, some misnomers about Gen Z. I mean all of our data on Gen Z show that they're very engaged in the category. And in fact, the good news, too, is that they're also getting engaged in skin at a younger age than people did with older consumers when they were at that age. That means they'll carry that habit forward. As they get into the workforce, they start wearing and using more makeup. So that, we think, is a positive factor. And as we also said, just looking at other demographic trends, we feel very positive about the ability that we don't see people turning away from makeup. In fact, we see them turning more to it. 
The other thing I'd say is that there's always been a segment of women in the U.S. that don't wear makeup and aren't engaged in the category. That's not new. We've never counted on that segment. It's a small segment. We never counted on that segment for growth for our business model. We focus on the beauty enthusiast, which represent 77% of sales in the U.S. in terms of beauty, and that's -- and we still only have 1/3 of them in our Ultimate Rewards program. 
So we've got lots of potential. We think it's 77% of spend, beauty enthusiasts out there for us to continue to grow with. So we think that, as the category and the industry gets back to more incremental type category growth, we'll see this begin to change.

Yes. And I've mentioned this in the script, too. Certainly, a more -- we see -- I'd say it's almost like a bifurcation of things. We see a natural -- more natural look, for sure, but anybody who wears makeup knows that, that requires, sometimes, quite a few products to achieve that. It's not a bare face. You might look tomorrow and see celebrities out there taking barefaced selfies. If everybody looked like that, we'd be having a different conversation, but that's not -- so even a barefaced more natural look is really about using products that create that look, a dewy look, a more neutral eye, et cetera? Conversely, if you look at what's happening in the Paris fashion shows in the spring, there was some very cool extreme eye makeup looks, too. 
So it all kind of -- not everybody does one thing, I guess, is the best way to think about it. And even a more natural look presents plenty of opportunity for product innovation.

Thank you. I'd just like to close by thanking all of the Ulta Beauty associates across our stores, distribution centers, and our headquarters for delivering another quarter of solid financial results, at the same time, executing against our longer-term strategic imperatives and working really hard to get our stores, website and DCs ready for this busy holiday season. 
So we look forward to speaking with all of you again in March, and we'll be reporting our fourth quarter results then and hope you all have a happy holiday.