Thank you, Kiley, and good afternoon, everyone. The Ulta Beauty team delivered outstanding results again this quarter. For the third quarter, net sales increased 28.6% to a record $2 billion. Operating profit increased to 14.2% of sales, and diluted EPS increased to $3.94 per share. 
In addition to producing these excellent financial results, we also delivered strong operational results. We continue to increase our market share in Prestige Beauty based on dollar sales for the 13 weeks ended October 30, 2021, compared to the same period last year. We increased the number of members in our Ultimate Rewards loyalty program by 13% to a record 35.9 million members and returned to pre-pandemic member penetration levels. And we navigated global supply chain challenges and tight labor markets and remained well positioned to meet guest needs and deliver a successful holiday season. 
This performance reflects the strength and resiliency of the beauty category, the power of Ulta Beauty's differentiated model and the impact of our winning culture and outstanding team. I want to express my sincere appreciation to all of our Ulta Beauty associates for their incredible efforts to serve our guests and deliver these excellent results. I'm inspired every day by our associates' passion for beauty and passion for our guests, and I am honored to lead such a great company of talented associates who continue to care for each other while driving our business forward. 
At our Analyst Day in October, we introduced a new strategic framework, which will shape our future and enable Ulta Beauty to deliver against longer-term financial targets. Today, I'll reiterate some of the information we discussed about our strategic imperatives and share an update on progress made in the third quarter, then I'll share how we are positioning Ulta Beauty for holiday before I turn it over to Scott to discuss the financials. 
Starting with our focus on driving breakthrough and disruptive growth through an expanded definition of All Things Beauty. Our differentiated assortment is core to our success. And we continue to innovate, evolve and expand our offering to excite the beauty enthusiast. 
In the third quarter, all major categories delivered robust double-digit comp growth compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2020, driven by cycling last year's disruption from COVID, product newness and strong performance from our strategic promotional events, including 21 Days of Beauty, [ Ahava ] and our Gorgeous Hair event. 
Compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2019, fragrance, bath, haircare and skincare all delivered strong double-digit comp growth. While makeup was slightly below 2019 levels, we are encouraged that the trend in Prestige Makeup improved from the second quarter, and growth in mass cosmetics remained strong. Engagement with the category remains high with consumers looking to refresh their beauty stash with new products, and recent trends give us confidence the makeup category will return to growth compared to pre-pandemic levels. 
Compared to last year, eyes, face and lip continued to deliver strong growth within the makeup category. Engagement with false lashes and lash growth serums, combined with innovation like creamy eye shadow sticks, are driving continued growth within eye. Increased interest in tinted moisturizers and blush are driving growth within face. And lip color, lip gloss and lip balm continue to drive growth within lip. 
Newness continues to excite and engage guests. New brands like Bobby Brown and Elaluz, combined with new product launches from a wide range of brands, including ColourPop, Urban Decay, Tarte and NYX drove nice growth in the quarter. In addition, this quarter, we expanded MAC into 200 additional stores. 
Haircare delivered another quarter of double-digit growth driven by strong guest engagement with our strategic events, newness and our Back Bar Takeover events. In early October, we kicked off our fall Gorgeous Hair event, a semiannual event strategically focused on acquiring members who do not shop the haircare category or engage with our salon services. Building on the success of our spring event, we continue to streamline offers, focus our marketing events and create relevant storytelling around hair goals, service enhancements and holiday kits. 
We saw good growth from our core assortment and engagement with new brands like KRISTIN ESS, Briogeo, and Verb. And product newness from brands like Dyson, Living Proof, Redken and Curlsmith continued to resonate with guests. We continue to expand our assortment of prestige haircare brands, and I'm excited to share we will launch OLAPLEX, the #1 prestige hair brand in the market, in all Ulta Beauty stores and on ulta.com in January. 
Our Back Bar Takeovers give our stylists the unique opportunity to introduce new brands and products to guests. And this quarter, salon takeovers by Bondi Boost, IGK, Verb and KRISTIN ESS all drove nice sales growth during their respective takeovers. 
Skincare delivered another quarter of strong double-digit sales growth as guests continue to invest in self-care and maintain their skincare regimens. Similar to last quarter, skincare routines, including moisturizers, serums and cleansers, drove category growth. New brands, including Drunk Elephant; Fresh; Good Molecules, which is exclusive to Ulta Beauty and peach slices; as well as new products from Tula, Clinique and The Ordinary drove solid guest engagement. 
Finally, our fragrance and bath category continued to deliver exceptional growth. Ariana Grande's latest fragrance, God is a Woman, which is exclusive to Ulta Beauty; as well as newness from Carolina Herrera; Coach; YSL and Dior, drove strong growth during the quarter. Events included in our back-to-school gift with purchase and our monthly Fragrance Crush program also drove strong engagement. Beyond fragrance, the bath and body category continues to drive robust growth as moisturizers and scrubs remain on trend. 
In addition to delivering growth from our core categories, we are focused on driving growth from key cross-functional platforms. Starting with Conscious Beauty, our cross-category initiative intended to help guests discover and engage with brands and products which reflect their personal values. Through this program, we identify brands across 5 key pillars: clean ingredients, cruelty free, vegan, sustainable packaging and positive impact. 
During the quarter, we certified 19 new brands, including LAMIK Beauty, WLDKAT and Better Not Younger, bringing the total number of certified conscious beauty brands to 275 at the end of Q3. During the third quarter, we expanded our certification to the SKU level for clean ingredients and vegan and added in-store badging at the shelf for certified brands as well as new search filters online to help guests easily identify products, which reflect what is most important to them. 
Moving now to our efforts to expand our assortment of black-owned and BIPOC brands. During the third quarter, we added 2 new black-owned brands, Sunday || Sunday and Nude Sugar, and we are on track to double the number of black-owned brands in our assortment this year. In addition, I am excited to share that we have welcomed our first South Asian owned makeup brand to the Ulta Beauty family, Live Tinted. Founded by Asian influencer Deepica Mutyala, Live Tinted is a cosmetic brand that celebrates multicultural beauty. The brand is also...

Hello, everyone. I think we're having -- we had a -- we were disconnected. I think we're having some phone network issues. But hopefully, you can hear me, and I'm going to pick up, I think, where we got cut off. So if I repeat a little bit, I apologize, but we'll dive right back in. 
So moving now to our efforts to expand our assortment of black-owned and BIPOC brands. During the third quarter, we added 2 new black-owned brands, Sunday || Sunday and Nude Sugar, and we are on track to double the number of black-owned brands in our assortment this year. In addition, I'm excited to share we have welcomed our first South Asian-owned makeup brand to the Ulta Beauty family, Live Tinted. Founded by Asian influencer, Deepica Mutyala, Live Tinted is a cosmetic brand that celebrates multicultural beauty. The brand is also a part of our conscious beauty platform certified as clean, vegan and cruelty-free. 
Based on our proprietary research, we know 65% of beauty enthusiasts believe beauty is significantly connected to wellness. Reflecting this consumer insight, in the second quarter, we launched the wellness shop online and in 450 stores. This cross-category platform offers self-care products for the mind, body and spirit in an accessible, easy-to-navigate way. In the third quarter, we refreshed the wellness shop assortment shifting from summer solutions to total body care and hydration, which is especially relevant during colder months and introduced new items from HAIRtamin, [ Alum ], OSEA and Josie Maran. 
Turning now to our efforts to evolve the guest experience through our personalized and connected omnichannel ecosystem, All in Your World. We know the guest journey is increasingly blurring across physical and digital channels, and we aim to deliver a cohesive omnichannel strategy to serve our guests. During Q3, we enhanced our omnichannel strategy in 4 ways. 
First, we launched Beauty to Go, our promise that buy online, pick up in store orders will be picked up and ready to go within 2 hours or less, giving our guests fast, convenient access to the beauty they want most. We also continue to test incentive strategies to encourage guest utilization. During the third quarter, BOPIS orders increased 28% compared to last year, totaling 20% of e-commerce sales in the quarter compared to 16% last year. 
Second, partnering with DoorDash, we launched same-day delivery in Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, Los Angeles, Houston and Boise, and we're excited about the value and convenience that will provide guests this holiday season. 
Third, in October, we launched 2 exclusive salon services in all stores and relaunched skin services in select stores. Starting with salons. We have partnered with OLAPLEX to offer guests a professional bond repair service, which reverses damage caused by hair color, chemical treatment, heat and styling and the environment. And we have partnered with Redken to introduce a new express root touch-up service that offers guests 100% gray coverage color in only 10 minutes. These new exclusive services are bringing new guests into our salon. 
We also relaunched skin services in 100 locations featuring a revamped menu with new services to address specific guest concerns, such as hydration, anti-aging and acne. While it's still early, we are pleased with how guests are engaging with these new offerings. 
Finally, we launched Ulta Beauty at Target in 92 stores and online during the third quarter, and I am pleased to share we have reached our fiscal year goal of opening more than 100 shops. We are excited about this innovative partnership and how, together with Target, we will change the way guests experience beauty. While it will take time for us to understand what role this new distribution point will play for our guests, we are incredibly pleased with the ongoing customer excitement and encouraged to see Ultimate Reward members linking their accounts with Target Circle as well as new members signing up through the shop. 
Moving on to our efforts to expand and deepen our presence across the guest beauty journey as the heart of the beauty community. We are focused on how to best elevate consumer connection, supercharge, member acquisition and drive guest loyalty, love and share of wallet. 
In the third quarter, we continue to elevate our storytelling with relevant content across channels to launch Ulta Beauty at Target and to support our strategic events. In addition, as students return to classrooms after more than a year of virtual learning, we saw an opportunity to deepen our engagement with Gen Z audiences across channels with insight-driven campaigns during key back-to-school moments. 
We ended the third quarter with 35.9 million active members, 13% above last year and 6% above 2019. While we continue to add new members, member growth this quarter was largely driven by a reactivation of lapsed members and active member retention. 
After experiencing headwinds last year due to the disruption from the pandemic, we have accelerated personalization to create stronger life cycle strategies, build baskets and maximize business returns, and we are very pleased with the results. We are driving strong conversion of new members in stores and online. We are successfully reengaging members who lapsed during the pandemic, and we are driving stronger engagement from our existing members. Importantly, our member retention rates have recovered to pre-pandemic levels, and spend per member is at an all-time high. 
Shifting now to our plans and expectations for holiday. Based on our consumer insights, we expected many guests would start their holiday shopping earlier this year, and we proactively took steps to ensure we were ready with holiday sets, stocking stuffers and unique collaborations to help guests get a head start on their gifting needs. 
If holiday 2020 was about less, holiday 2021 is about more, more fun, more in real life gatherings, more gifting and more glamming. All of our teams at Ulta Beauty are ready and excited to help our guests celebrate more this year. Like last year, we kicked off the holiday season in early November with our Hello Holidays campaign, early Black Friday deals and new loyalty offers. With authentic stories of connection and joy across video, digital, social and print platforms to encourage and motivate beauty enthusiasts to shop Ulta Beauty, we'll be everywhere our guests are this holiday season. 
Our merchant teams have built an outstanding holiday assortment with giftable fun items across categories and price points. With new brands like Bobby Brown, Drunk Elephant and Briogeo, expanded assortments from brands like Laura Mercier, Florence and Pattern and exciting holiday offerings from brands like Dyson, Tarte, Ariana Grande, Truly and our very own Ulta Beauty Collection, we have great gifts for everyone. 
To help guests explore our best holiday gifts, we developed a unique digital experience to allow for easy discovery of holiday gifts online and in-store. When guests visit ulta.com or scan the QR codes on a banner at the front of our store, an app click will launch giving the guest an opportunity to easily explore top gifts by category. Our stores are always the center of holiday at Ulta Beauty. 
As we combine our great in-store experience with our innovative omnichannel capabilities, we'll meet every guest wherever and however they want to shop Ulta Beauty. To help guests get ready for in real-life celebrations, we've expanded salon capacity to 100% in all Ulta Beauty salons and benefit brow bars except where limited by state or local mandates, and we've relaunched skin services in select stores. 
Finally, our BOPIS, curbside and same-day delivery options, will provide guests with great shopping convenience this holiday season. Our teams are excited, engaged and ready to support our guests from proactively managing inventory flow and anticipating supply chain challenges to stress testing our IT systems and digital platforms to successfully accelerating our holiday hiring. The holiday season is off to a strong start, and I am confident we are well positioned to deliver another successful holiday season at Ulta Beauty. 
In closing, we are excited about the strength we are seeing in our business. Our third quarter performance exceeded our initial expectations, and we are encouraged by the early holiday trends. The beauty category is recovering, and our teams are executing well. We are investing and innovating to ensure Ulta Beauty will lead the new beauty landscape, and we are confident our well-defined strategy will enable us to capture more market share and drive profitable growth. 
And now I will turn the call over to Scott for a discussion of the financial results. Scott?

And Michael, I'd just add to what Scott said, just to reiterate what we talked about at Analyst Day that we are very optimistic about the path ahead. That's reflected in that long-term guidance. We believe we'll be growing faster than the market. The initiatives, both in our core business today as well as new programs and initiatives that we'll be adding over next year and the years ahead, give us a lot of confidence that we'll be leading the category and delivering profitable growth over that time frame. And as we shared at Analyst Day, we see a lot of confidence in that path ahead.

Great. Thanks, Lorraine. Yes, makeup, obviously, is an important topic for us and one that we're very focused on, and I'd reiterate our confidence in the category. It is -- as I said in the remarks, it is not performing at the level that our other categories, skincare, haircare, bath, fragrance, which are all delivering double-digit comp versus 2020. It has not caught up to that level of growth. But even with that, we feel encouraged by what we're seeing. 
Our mass side of the business remains double-digit growth versus 2019 and is performing well. And our prestige business improved in the quarter, and we saw some real pockets of growth and success. And I think it's a combination of things, both currently driving the business and as we look forward. We continue to see strong innovation and growth from a number of brands, brands across the spectrum from Clinique and NARS and Lancôme to NYX and Maybelline. We're expanding MAC into 200 additional stores to have it in over 500 of our stores. We've launched new brands like Bobby Brown, and we're seeing newness from Laura Mercier, ColourPop, Urban Decay, Tarte. And so it is -- there's a robust pipeline, and it's hitting across all price points. 
When I look at some of the trends that we see in the market and we believe will drive the business into next year. There's a number of things that, again, encourage us. We see really a duality of looks that's going on right now, a combination -- many consumers looking to a combination of both natural looks and bolder looks. Looks, the bolder looks that reflect kind of this idea of individual expression, bold colors with innovation, innovative formulas, color boost that bright impactful, particularly around the eye. And that's -- that combination of people looking to do both, natural and bolder colors, is really positive. 
We've talked about skinification for a while, bringing moisturizing benefits or lightweight concealers or other elements that combine those categories. There's evolved application techniques, including what we kind of see as kind of next generation of contouring that's been driven by TikTok and other social media, which we think is encouraging. New product forms, including long wear lip. We've been looking at inclusive beauty for a while, and that's continuing to drive across all different types of skin tones, again, driven by influence and TikTok. And mascara and lashes is another space I've mentioned that we're seeing innovation and growth. A combination of both using more -- with more than one product or having different mascaras for different events and different times a day. 
So a number of things that are coming together that are helping improve the category and give us confidence as we look forward. So as we look at the -- both the trend impact in the total category and the pipeline that we have, both of existing brands and new brands on the horizon in 2022, we feel confident in the path ahead and are working every day to drive that business forward.

Well, yes, I'm not going to give you real, like, exact specifics of how any one launch would match up with others, other than to say we're thrilled about our partnership with OLAPLEX. We're already in partnership. We have been for several weeks now with our salon service, and that's performing exceptionally well, exceeding our expectations. Our guests are thrilled by it. And importantly, our stylist are thrilled by it. And so it's -- that's gotten out of the gates really strong. And as we move into January to be able to launch the product line in all stores, in online, a complete assortment of OLAPLEX. 
As I mentioned in the remarks, and you know it's the #1 prestige haircare brand, and so we anticipate that it will have a big impact on our hair business and continue to support and drive our salon business. So we're excited about it, and we're putting the unique capabilities of Ulta Beauty behind the launch, a real 360 marketing program, leveraging our almost 36 million members and all the marketing tools and capabilities and partnership with just a fantastic OLAPLEX team. So excited about that launch and looking forward to taking the next step of that in January. 
And then as far as other -- extending into Target, we look at every brand and every opportunity, and nothing here to specifically talk about as it relates to OLAPLEX. But Target is -- we're excited about, and we'll continue to evolve that assortment over time.

Great. Thanks, Mark. I'll start with your second question and then Kecia can give any more color on the Target part of that. But on DTC, it's -- that's not new, not new this year. That's been DTC. That's been building for a while, and so we really look at that as something that we're obviously monitoring and watching but also see as a development in the competitive landscape that we can manage through. And in fact, DTC, most of -- many of the DTC brands have found the importance of physical retail, and many of them have chosen to partner with Ulta Beauty. So start DTC and come into Ulta Beauty. Ulta Beauty brands, some larger brands kind of building a DTC brand presence, which we know is happening. 
But we see -- our model has been very different. The guest experience, the combination of in-store and online, our loyalty program, the breadth of products across price points, the depth within brands and segments and categories, the salon services, everything that we offer. The competitive differentiation that we have really separates us from our other retailers and from DTC. And as I said, many DTC are partnering with us, whether they're long-time established brands or newer brands, and so we're watching that landscape. But for us, it's like we think with any competitive evolution in the category, we play offense. We do what we do best. We adjust and adapt, but we look to drive our business forward in a really differentiated way, and I think that's what's been driving our business so far this year. Kecia, any more color you want to add on the Target?

Great. Omar, thanks for the question. Yes, I'd really -- I guess I'd answer that by looking back at what we shared at Analyst Day and the comprehensive nature of our strategic approach. There isn't any one thing that gives us confidence. And yes, we are having a very strong year, recovering out of the challenges of 2020 and increasing versus 2019. But by no means do we think this is kind of the end of the road. We actually see this is us strengthening and leading the category recovery. We think the category itself is going to be healthy beauty category in 2022 and beyond. And we think our differentiated model will continue to lead that category, gain share and drive growth for us. So it is the combination of an exceptional differentiated assortment. Nobody has the collection of products that we have, and we've brought a lot of newness in this year, some of that hitting even late in the year like OLAPLEX hitting in January that we'll be driving. And we've got a pipeline that I'm excited about going into 2022, and we'll be sharing that as time is appropriate. So assortment always drives our business. 
Our loyalty program recovered from 2020, frankly, faster than we thought. And we think that's a great sign that what we believe what's going on in 2020 when we took a step back was not because they didn't like Ulta, just the disruption in their lives, and they've shown us that retention is high. We're acquiring new members. We're bringing lapsed members back in, and we see many more beauty enthusiasts to capture -- we see that growth happening across age groups. You know -- you've heard us talk about our strength with Gen Z as one example, and we see a lot of opportunity to continue to gain with our loyalty program. 
And then frankly, the unique combination of digital and physical. We believe guests are showing us demonstrating with their loyalty and their spend that they really do prefer what all the data says, and they're showing us with their dollars they prefer to shop a combination of physical and digital. That's why our e-com actually grew in Q3 after such strong growth in 2020, even as our stores show exceptional growth versus 2020. So that experience and our continued innovation and evolution across both digital and physical, we believe is where the consumer is going, and we're leading in that as well. And then all the other initiatives, our program with Target, of course, is massive, new programs like Ulta Beauty UB Media. So we think we've got a pipeline. Growth won't be what it is this year, and that's reflected. But we're going to lead this category, and it's going to take -- it will be a unique combination of what makes us differentiated that gives us confidence.

Great. Well, thank you for joining us today, and I want to thank all of our Ulta Beauty associates across our stores, distribution centers and corporate offices who are working hard to ensure we deliver an outstanding guest experience this holiday season and who are committed to taking good care of our guests and each other every single day. As I said in the past, we have the absolute best team in retail, and I am so proud to lead this great team. 
We hope you all have a safe and joyous holiday season, and we look forward to speaking to all of you again in March when we report our fourth quarter and full year results. Have a great evening.