Thank you, Kiley, and good afternoon, everyone.
The Ulta Beauty team delivered excellent results again this quarter, and I want to start by expressing my sincere appreciation to all of our Ulta Beauty associates for their outstanding efforts to drive these results. As I have traveled around the country visiting with our teams across all parts of the company, I continue to feel inspired by their commitment and passion for our guests, our business and for each other.
We are excited about the momentum we are seeing in our business and are optimistic about our future. The beauty category is recovering faster than we expected, and the investments we've made over the last year to adapt to the market disruption and strengthen our leadership position are delivering results. Our value proposition is strong, and we are evolving and innovating to lead in the new beauty landscape, capture more market share and drive profitable growth.
For the second quarter, net sales increased 60.2% to $1.97 billion. Operating margin increased to 16.9% of sales and diluted EPS was $4.56 per share. These strong results exceeded our internal expectations and reflect our ongoing efforts to serve our guests, especially as we continue to adapt to the changing environment. In recognition of their dedication to our guests and their efforts to deliver these strong results, this quarter, we awarded a onetime discretionary appreciation bonus to eligible store and DC associates.
For the quarter, comp sales increased 56.3% driven by strong growth in our brick-and-mortar channel. As consumer confidence, optimism and comfort to shop in physical stores continues to increase, we are seeing more of our members return to stores. Traffic trends in stores improved from the first quarter, but remained lower than 2019 levels. However, comp sales in stores increased this quarter compared to 2019 driven by strong average ticket growth.
We continue to optimize operating hours, and I am pleased to share that our retail operating hours are nearly back to 2019 levels. As expected, e-commerce declined as compared to the second quarter last year but were more than double 2019 levels. The sales decline was driven by a decrease in the number of transactions. Average ticket remains strong. Recall that our e-commerce business increased more than 200% in the second quarter last year as we phased the reopening of stores.
Guest utilization of buy online pickup in store remained high totaling 20% of e-commerce sales in the quarter. To enhance the experience, we made operational improvements to increase order accuracy and fulfillment speed. And in the second quarter, 97% of orders were ready for pickup within 2 hours. We have also increased the number of stores with dedicated parking spaces and we continue to look for opportunities to make curbside pickup available at nontraditional Ulta Beauty locations.
Customer engagement in our digital platforms remain strong even as store traffic ramps up. Compared to the first quarter, our omnichannel guests, on average, maintained the same number of transactions in the online channel even as they increased their in-store transactions, reinforcing that e-commerce transactions are incremental and help drive greater overall member engagement and spend.
From a category perspective, we increased market share across all major prestige beauty categories based on dollar sales for the 13 weeks ended July 31, 2021 compared to the same time period last year. We also saw sales strength across all of our major mass categories.
Compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2020, all major categories delivered robust double-digit comps as we anniversaried last year's phased reopening process and introduced more newness. Compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2019, fragrance, bath, skin care and hair care, all delivered strong double-digit comp growth. Makeup was only slightly lower than 2019. While comp sales in the makeup category are not yet positive compared to 2019, momentum is building with both mass and prestige categories improving from the first quarter trend. Reductions in mask-wearing requirements, combined with an increase in makeup-wearing occasions, helped drive strong growth in face and lip, while engagement with eye continue to be healthy.
During the quarter, we launched 3 new makeup brands, Bobbi Brown, Elaluz, a prestige brand founded by a well-known Brazilian influencer and makeup artist, and Undone Beauty. These new brands, combined with new product launches from a wide range of brands, including MAC, Clinique, NYX, e.l.f. and Maybelline, drove improved sales performance in the quarter.
Skin care delivered another quarter of strong double-digit sales growth compared to 2019. Reflecting the strong connection between beauty and self-care, guests are maintaining their skin care regimens even as they increase makeup purchases. Moisturizers, serums and cleansers continue to drive category growth. We also saw robust growth in sun protection and self-tanning as consumers re-engaged with travel and vacation activities. New brands, including fresh, Good Molecules, which is exclusive to Ulta Beauty, and b.tan as well as new products from Tula, Shiseido, CeraVe, La Roche-Posay and The Crème Shop, drove solid guest engagement.
Hair care continued to deliver double-digit growth driven by newness and strong guest engagement with our strategic tent-pole events. We began the quarter with our semiannual Gorgeous Hair event, an event strategically designed to convert members who do not currently shop the hair care category or engage with our salon services. This year, we streamlined offers and invested in dedicated social and digital marketing campaigns to expand our reach. As a result, the event attracted new members to the category and delivered stronger-than-expected sales and profitability.
We ended the quarter with our Jumbo Love event, a basket-building event focused on larger product sizes. We continued to narrow brand participation and simplify our presentation to guests. These improvements resulted in stronger sales and profitability. In addition to strong strategic events, we also launched a number of new hair care brands throughout the quarter, including Rizos Curls, Verb and CURLS, a well-established Black-owned brand. These new brands, combined with recently launched Briogeo and Kristin Ess, contributed to the strong category growth this quarter as consumers focus on building and maintaining hair health.
Finally, fragrance and bath delivered exceptionally strong growth driven by Mother's Day and Father's Day sales as well as our Fragrance Crush events. Newness in fragrance from Marc Jacobs and Carolina Herrera as well as engagement with the base business from favorites like Dolce & Gabbana and Chanel drove meaningful market share growth. Body scrubs and moisturizers from brands like Truly and Tree Hut continued to drive outstanding sales growth, reflecting guests' continued commitment to self-care.
Our Conscious Beauty platform continues to expand and resonate with guests. At the end of the second quarter, more than 270 brands were certified in at least 1 of the 5 Conscious Beauty pillars and now include fresh, Kylie Cosmetics, Happy Dance and Good Molecules, among others.
To promote guest discovery and trial this quarter, we will offer guests the new Conscious Beauty sampler kit, which includes hero brands like Beekman 1802, Kinship, Tarte and Tula. We will also refresh our endcap in stores, adding products from Dermalogica, Sunday Riley, Florence and Truly. As we work to scale Conscious Beauty further, we are enhancing our search capabilities on ulta.com and in the mobile app to make it easier for guests to find certified products that reflect their personal values.
Through the pandemic, the lines between health and beauty have blurred. Based on our proprietary research, we know that 65% of beauty enthusiasts believe beauty is significantly connected to wellness. Reflecting these consumer insights, this quarter, we launched The Wellness Shop in select stores and on ulta.com to help our guests navigate their personal wellness journey. With a guest category focus on self-care for the mind, body and spirit, The Wellness Shop features a curated selection of products across 5 key segments, including supplements and ingestibles and spa at home. From daily rituals to relaxation and sleep regimens, the shop addresses a variety of wellness needs in an accessible, easy-to-navigate presentation. Our guests are responding well to the platform, and we'll continue to increase awareness of the offering and expand its presence over time.
Our services business is also gaining momentum. Sales from hair and brow services increased more than 60% compared to 2020. Despite capacity limitations due to mandates from the CDC and state and local authorities, we are increasing member engagement and driving retail attachment, especially through our salon backbar takeovers. Services play an important role in driving guest engagement, loyalty, frequency and spend. I'm excited to share that we plan to relaunch skin services in select stores in the third quarter. We plan to offer new services that target specific concerns such as hydration, anti-aging as well as acne facials that cater to our Gen Z guest, and we will test microchanneling, dermaplaning and HydraFacials in select stores.
Turning now to our loyalty program. We are seeing faster recovery in active member growth than initially expected. We ended the second quarter with a record 34.6 million active members, 8% above last year and 4% above 2019. Spend per member also increased, driven by higher average ticket, surpassing both 2020 and 2019 levels.
The majority of new member acquisition happens in stores and our talented store associates continue to convert new members at higher rates than in 2019. We are also improving our conversion rates online, reflecting improvements we had made in the online customer journey. In addition to growth in new members, we are accelerating reactivation of lapsed members and increasing retention rates of existing members as we continue to advance and apply our data and analytics capabilities.
From a channel perspective, in-store-only members totaled 73% this quarter, increasing from 67% in the first quarter. As expected, the mix of omnichannel members moderated from the first quarter to 18% of total members, but remained well above 2019 levels. Importantly, omnichannel members continued to increase their spend across both store and digital channels. As we progress through the rest of the year, we expect the penetration of omnichannel guests will continue to moderate as in-store shopping increases, but remain above 2019 levels.
Discovery and trial are critical parts of the beauty experience, and we offer a variety of physical and digital ways to discover new products, new trends and new applications. This quarter, we launched new functionality in our mobile app that allows guests greater access to select product scanning for content and reviews, loyalty information and virtual try-on while shopping in stores.
In addition, we reintroduced testers in stores with expanded stations of testing and sanitation supplies. We continue to deliver hyper-relevant content to drive discovery and build stronger connections with our guests. This quarter, we introduced Beauty School Live Virtual Masterclasses focused on brand launches, demonstrations and beauty tutorials. BeautyBio founder Jamie O'Banion hosted a Megawatt Glow masterclass, showcasing skin care tools and products. And in honor of National Lipstick Day, we partnered with a NYX Professional Makeup pro artist to walk viewers through a long wear lip look.
In July, we launched a partnership with Supergreat, a hyper-relevant, app-based, Gen Z-centric live stream platform that is 100% focused on beauty. From shoppable live videos to editorial content and exclusive product drops, the Supergreat community is an ideal partnership for experiential immersive beauty. While we are early in our pilot, we've already seen encouraging results with engagement tracking ahead of other live platforms.
As part of our holistic marketing efforts to reinforce Ulta Beauty's authority in the skin care category, we launched #UltaSkinTok, our first multi-branded TikTok hashtag challenge. To drive increased awareness of our category breadth and depth, we asked audiences to post their favorite skin care products from Ulta Beauty. The hashtag has amassed more than 8 billion views to date with 1.6 million videos created.
We want Ulta Beauty to be the most loved beauty destination and the most inclusive. Building on our focus as a diversity-forward company, we announced a number of commitments at the beginning of this fiscal year to further our efforts to champion diversity and inclusion. This quarter, we joined the 15 Percent Pledge, committing to dedicate 15% of our total assortment to Black-owned, Black-founded and Black-led brands. To date this year, we have welcomed 8 new Black-owned brands to the Ulta Beauty family, including Homebody, CAMILLE ROSE and mented, and we are on track to double the number of Black-owned brands in our assortment this year.
As part of our cross-functional approach to integrate diversity and inclusion into all that we do, our teams launched a textured hair training series for all stylists to better enable more inclusive experiences in our salons. We also launched mandatory inclusion in action training in stores to understand what diversity, equity and inclusion means to Ulta Beauty.
We strive to make a positive difference in the communities where we live and work. The Ulta Beauty Charitable Foundation focuses on improving the lives of women and families. This quarter, with the generosity of our guests, our teams raised more than $2 million for Save the Children, to support mothers and children in need. We also partnered with LinkedIn with the #BackToWork campaign, highlighting the pandemic's impact on women and providing resources to aid economic recovery.
And as part of our ongoing efforts to reduce waste and minimize our impact on the environment, we recently launched the Consortium to Reinvent the Retail Bag, a multiyear collaboration across retail sectors that aims to identify, test and implement innovative new design solutions that serve the functions of today's single-use plastic retail bag.
Finally, I am very excited to share that Ulta Beauty at Target has launched in 58 stores and online with plans to open about 100 stores by the end of the quarter. Over the last 9 months, the Ulta Beauty and Target teams have collaborated closely to create a unique way for guests to experience beauty, and we are excited to see it come to life.
As guests come to Ulta Beauty at Target, they will be welcomed into a 1,000 square foot co-design space with bold new fixtures and lighting that celebrate premium beauty with a modern look. Each aspect of the shop was thoughtfully designed to make the space feel authentic to Ulta Beauty, Target and the featured brands within the assortment. From the unmistakable Ulta Beauty orange pop canopies and vivid graphics that weave into the existing Target store, everything was designed to create an inspiring and unique beauty experience for guests.
With compelling product displays and unique discovery zones, the shop offers a curated selection of more than 50 prestige and emerging brands, including MAC, Clinique, Morphe, Tula, The Ordinary, Pattern, Madison Reed, Urban Decay and the Ulta Beauty Collection. The assortment is a compelling mix of best-selling items as well as limited edition collaborations and minis to drive discovery and trial.
We're making the experience as seamless as possible both in-store and online. Guests shopping Ulta Beauty at Target on Target.com and the Target app will enjoy free shipping for qualifying orders and all of Target's same-day fulfillment services. And guests will benefit from rewards across both Ultamate Rewards and Target Circle.
While it's only been 10 days since the first shop was opened, guest response has been overwhelmingly positive with enthusiasm about 2 of their favorite retailers coming together and excitement about the ability to earn points in both loyalty programs. We're thrilled about this partnership and how together we can change the way the world experiences beauty.
Before I turn the call over to Scott, I want to announce that we will host an Analyst Day here in Chicago on October 19 to share how our strategic priorities are evolving and how we plan to continue to position Ulta Beauty to deliver sustainable, profitable growth. Given the ongoing uncertainty around the Delta variant, we are planning the event to accommodate both in-person and virtual participation. Our teams will continue to assess guidance from the CDC, and we will adapt our plans as necessary to ensure the safety of our team and attendees.
And now I will turn the call over to Scott for a discussion of the financial results. Scott?

Great. Well, thanks for the question and the comments, Adrienne. I appreciate it. Yes, let me start on Target and then I'm going to ask Kecia to give some more color because Kecia is leading this for us. But we are, as I said in the comments, we're just thrilled with the partnership and the launch guest response. We feel really confident how we've come out of the gate operationally, working really well. And most importantly, as I mentioned, consumers are thrilled by this. They're really excited about the idea of bringing together 2 great retailers in a unique experience that nobody else is doing. This is totally new to beauty. And so we're really, really pleased with the results and the engagement and the partnership. Kecia, why don't you share a few more details about what we're seeing and maybe the outlook on stores.

Great. Thanks, Simeon. Yes, let me start with loyalty and let me just, before I talk specifically about Target, zoom out a little bit. And we're really, really pleased with our loyalty results in the quarter and really through this first half of the year to get back to a new high of 34.6 million members, 8% above last year, 4% above 2019. As I mentioned in the comments, that's faster than we had anticipated. But it's really a testament to an effort across the entire organization from our loyalty team, our analytics team, marketing, merchandising and of course, our store teams and e-commerce teams that are delivering a great experience every day.
And the fact that we were able to increase total loyalty members by 2.3 million members, which is the largest growth we've had in any single quarter is just exceptional and again, really proud of the team and the effort. That's come through strong new member acquisition, strong reactivation rates of lapsed members and of course, high retention among our existing members. And so our loyalty program has long been a focus of ours. It's absolutely a key differentiating aspect of our total model. We're very proud of it, and we're continuing to innovate and drive that part of our business.
And specifically about Target, I'm not going to give any specific numbers about our outlook other than one of the main reasons that we're really excited about this program is the connection that we see with our loyalty program, both in delighting our existing guests, and we think over time, increasing their total share of spend with Ulta Beauty with another key pillar in our omnichannel experience with our relationship with Target, but also attracting new guests. The Circle program has over 90 million members in it. They have 30 million people walking through a Target every week. So we feel like there is a very large opportunity for us to attract new loyalty guests into our program, get them engaged in the Ulta Beauty at Target experience, but then also introduce them to all things Ulta across all touch points. So we're confident. And too early to kind of talk about the experience so far. But as Kecia said, we're excited about the results so far and see it as a big driver. Scott, do you want to hit on the margin?

Yes. Great. Thanks, Chris. Yes, absolutely, we are so excited and encouraged by the first half results and the trends. And as you said, the strengthening we saw and the momentum we see throughout the first half. And we're feeling encouraged by what we're seeing so far in the third quarter. And that's why we have increased our sales expectation for the full year.
I will say, so with that optimism and confidence, it does remain difficult for us with certainty to understand how these variables will impact our business through the remainder of this year. With the resurgence of variants, certainly, that's having a broader impact in the world around us. Our business remains healthy, but difficult to predict exactly how that will play out in consumer behavior. We're optimistic about holiday. We feel like it's going to be a strong holiday. But holiday is always a unique time of year, of course, with a lot of new dynamics going on and uncertainty how COVID and other influences will drive through that.
And then we're lapping our business in the second half of the year in 2020 was stronger than the first half of the year, for sure, as we reopened stores and started to gain momentum. So we do believe our sales forecast is prudent. It's achievable, but it's also reflective of the uncertainty that we see out there.
And last thing I'd say, as we've been doing throughout all of this, if the recovery is stronger or faster than planned, we're prepared. We're working closely with our brand partners to be ready to adapt and adjust. We're working hard to make sure we have the right inventory, the right store staffing, the right marketing plans to continue to lead the recovery in the beauty categories, we believe we've been doing so far this first half of the year. So optimistic but feel like our guidance is appropriate given the environment.

And on your e-com member profile, I'll just hit a couple of high points here, which is, first, our e-commerce business, very healthy and such a strong and important of our total omnichannel mix. And we're really pleased with how that's complementing and integrating with our store experience. And so we're so glad to see strength across both of those channels.
Omnichannel guests are among our very best guests. Those that are shopping both in-store and online do demonstrate a high level of incrementality with their e-commerce purchases because what we typically see is those that have been shopping in-store that start shopping online continue to shop in-store at, or in some cases, even higher levels. And it's because they get more ingrained and integrated into the total Ulta Beauty experience. They become more loyal to Ulta Beauty and concentrate more of their beauty spend at Ulta.
So last year, with the stores being closed and the dramatic increase in our e-commerce, we introduced a whole lot of new consumers to our e-commerce business. Now some of them have gone back to shopping only in-store, but most of them are continuing to shop in an e-commerce business, I'm sorry, in an omnichannel way. And the behavior is really positive, both helping to deliver our Q2 results. But importantly, as we grow that base of omnichannel shoppers, we'll have even more consumers shopping across channels going forward, which we know will drive total sales in the out-years going forward. So excited about this omnichannel behavior and believe that one of the lasting impacts of this disruption will be a significant increase in our e-commerce business and our omnichannel behaviors.

Sneaking in one more makeup question. But yes, I'll just be brief here, the makeup. We're encouraged by what we see. And I think it's just a testament that the other categories had been strong, skin care, hair care, bath, fragrance. And they remain strong. There's a high level of engagement. But makeup, the trends that we're seeing are encouraging. While it was slightly below 2019 levels in Q2, we had weeks and times during the quarter that it was positive versus 2019. Our mass business, we talked about in Q1, was above 2019 levels, and it accelerated in Q2, also above 2019.
And our prestige business is improving. We're bringing in newness. Our biggest brands are performing well. New brands are performing. So I think it's just consumer behavior as we recover is there's a high level of engagement, high level of excitement about makeup, more usage occasions and the momentum is building. Time will tell exactly when we get back to steadily being above 2019 levels and growing from there, but we're encouraged by what we see.

Got it. Yes. Kate. And yes, we're really across the board. Yes, we were higher than our expectations, and we're seeing strength versus expectations across really all aspects of our business. I talked about all of our categories, demonstrating strong improvement and in all the makeup growth versus healthy growth versus 2019, and that is true both on the prestige and the mass side. And then within makeup specifically, and while we said it not quite back to 2019, although getting closer and again showing moments through Q2, where we were above 2019. We saw improvement in both mass and prestige, mass has recovered faster, but prestige is certainly showing signs and we're seeing some good, and it's really driven by newness across the board, both some new brands that we brought in, but a strong newness across so many of our brands and different segments of makeup that are exciting our guests getting them reengaged in the category. So yes, we're seeing it across all, both price points and categories, and it's encouraging.

Great. Yes. Loyalty, as I mentioned earlier, we're really pleased and encouraged by the results we're seeing, both in the absolute number of active members as well as spend per member. We're seeing nice healthy improvement there, and it's just driven by high-level engagement across categories. And so as we look at share of wallet, we are confident that we're continuing to grow both share categories and share wallet, and feel like our efforts to lead the category recovery are driving a high level of engagement.
And across the competitive environment, certainly, the beauty category is always highly competitive. This is a disruptive time with a lot of changes, we have a high level of respect for all of our competitors. But our focus is on Ulta Beauty and driving our business forward and leading the beauty category and leading the beauty recovery. Our model is unique. Nobody does what Ulta Beauty does. The assortment that we provide, the loyalty program, the guest experience, which is so important and done with excellence in our stores in particular and across all other touch points. And so we believe we have a unique business model that yes, while we certainly watch and are well aware of competitive activity, we're focused on playing offense and driving our business forward. And again, I couldn't be more proud of the way the team is delivering across every part of our business to ensure that Ulta Beauty is the really definitive leader in the beauty category and driving this recovery that we're very encouraged to see.
So with that, thank you, again, for joining us today. I really appreciate your time. And I do want to thank all of our Ulta Beauty associates for their continued agility and commitment to serving our guests and taking care of each other, especially through the changing dynamics of COVID-19. We look forward to sharing more about why we are so excited about the future of Ulta Beauty when we host our 2021 Analyst Day here in the Chicago area in October. So have a good evening, and thanks again for joining.