Great. Thank you, Laurel, and good afternoon, everyone. The Ulta Beauty team delivered excellent financial results in 2017 with an 11% comp on top of the 15.8% comp in 2016 and 37% GAAP earnings per share growth or 25% earnings per share adjusted for items primarily related to tax reform. However, the continued moderation in the growth rate of makeup, our largest category, made our fourth quarter a bit more challenging than expected. But nonetheless, we achieved strong sales and earnings growth in the fourth quarter while continuing to gain market share and make significant progress on our strategic imperatives. We grew the top line 22.6% or 15.7% adjusted for the 53rd week. Comp sales grew 8.8% on top of 16.6% comps in the fourth quarter of 2016, driven by positive traffic and ticket growth, a strong January and continued great momentum in e-commerce. Adjusted for tax reform benefits and onetime bonuses for hourly associates, earnings per share were up $2.75, up 23% compared to the fourth quarter of the prior year. 
I'll be briefer than usual with our highlights for the fourth quarter in view of the complexity of tax rate impacts and our desire to provide a full discussion of the planned appointment of the benefits of the lower tax rate as well as the various cost pressures informing our view of 2018. 
Starting with highlights on our loyalty program and brand awareness. The Ultamate Rewards loyalty program grew its membership 19% year-over-year to 27.8 million active members, driven by our store team's successful conversion efforts. We launched a new Diamond tier for our top guests who spend more than $1,200 per year with the goal of driving higher share of wallet with our best customers. The new program offers compelling benefits, including exclusive offers and even more points earned. The program launched 2 months ago and is off to a great start. 
Our credit card program continues to perform well with new accounts at conversion above plan and ongoing evidence that we garner a higher share of wallet from guests who sign up for the card. We also drove rapid growth in gift card sales, up about 30% in the fourth quarter, in part driven by strong performance of our expanded Blackhawk partnership in supermarkets and other national retailers. 
Our brand awareness metrics reached all-time high. We grew aided awareness to 91% compared to 86% a year ago, and unaided awareness rose 6 points to 55% from 49% last year. We are also proud to learn that Ulta was the most Googled beauty brand in 2017. 
Moving on to merchandising. We continued to strengthen our partnerships with our brands and launched new and coveted brands across all of our categories. While the Black Friday, Cyber Monday period was very strong, the overall holiday period was a bit softer than expected, with the best monthly growth of the quarter coming in January. The standout performance of prestige boutique brands, MAC, Clinique, Lancôme and Benefit drove the best growth rate in the portfolio. Reflecting the strong performance, we're ramping up the roll-out of these boutiques faster than we initially anticipated. We now plan to add 675 boutiques in 2018, compared to 700 in 2017, with the openings more weighted to new stores this year with about 380 in new stores and the remainder in existing stores. This includes plans for roll-out more than 200 new MAC boutiques. 
Our top line was also driven by strength in prestige skincare, prestige fragrance and mass cosmetics, all of which delivered double-digit comps. Skincare continues to perform very well, and we're adding several new skincare brands to take advantage of the growing trend in skin health, including The Better Skin Co., Crepe Erase, Mamonde, and House 99 by David Beckham, which is a men's grooming brand that is exclusive to Ulta Beauty. We are pleased to see a meaningful acceleration in mass cosmetics in the fourth quarter, driven by the success of popular new brands like Morphe. Ulta Beauty is this brand's exclusive brick-and-mortar partner. 
We've just completed a major mass cosmetics repo, making significant enhancements to further differentiate our offering in this category. This entailed a major expansion of brands like Morphe, e.l.f., Makeup Revolution and the introduction of new brands like Milani, FLOWER and Wet n Wild. We also launched ColourPop Cosmetics color cosmetics, a cult favorite in select stores and online in late February. This is a true fast beauty brand featuring trend-right and affordable products and is exclusive to Ulta Beauty. 
Turning to prestige cosmetics. Similar to the third quarter, we saw this category slow from its stellar growth in 2015 and '16. While certain brands of makeup were very strong, others struggled to comp over significant multi-year increases. We're optimistic that we can accelerate growth in this category with encouraging newness in the pipeline. We're currently updating our prestige cosmetics assortment, including the launch of Beauty by POPSUGAR. And this is another Ulta Beauty exclusive inspired by POPSUGAR's network of 100 million beauty enthusiasts. We're adding high-growth brands, like Estée Lauder, NARS and COVER FX to dozen more stores, rolling out social media darling, Dose of Colors, to several hundred doors with an expanded assortment from its current small [ atelier ]. We're also excited about 2 recent Ulta exclusive foundation launches: Tarte's Shape Tape Foundation, which follows Tarte's best-selling concealers and IT Cosmetics' Bye Bye Foundation. 
And finally, we're thrilled to announce the prestigious addition for 2018, Chanel Beauté. Following our long-standing partnership with Chanel, offering their iconic fragrances in hundreds of our stores, we are honored to introduce Chanel Beauté in a small number of Ulta Beauty doors this year. This will be an added assortment featuring a Chanel-branded makeup station, with the first Chanel store opening in Westport, Connecticut in just a few weeks. 
With significant newness across all of our categories and particular focus in both mass and prestige cosmetics and amping up our efforts -- our offering of -- our efforts around exclusive products and brands, we are certainly planning for makeup to have a much better year in 2018. 
Let me turn now to our services business. Salon sales grew 17.2% or 8.7%, excluding the extra week and comped 3.2% in the fourth quarter. We're encouraged by the early results of the test of our improved salon business model in 2 districts. And we're in the process of rolling out the new model to additional markets, including the entire central region of the country, with more markets planned to convert in the summer. Guests and stylists alike are very pleased with this new approach, which simplifies the menu for hair and skin services, offers better transparency, and provides increased training for stylists. We're also investing in a new model for skin services in all new stores and a number of remodels in 2018, which will impact 180 stores. The new model, called the skin bar at Ulta Beauty, is designed to improve our skin services offering and will feature a full-time skin expert with responsibility for both prestige retail sales and skin service sales. This will also add retail space to the skin area compared to our previous model. We expect this model to also drive higher productivity of the space dedicated to skincare. 
Moving on to store expansion. We opened 16 stores in the fourth quarter, ending the year with 1,074 stores. The net cost to open a new store was about $1.6 million in 2017, up slightly from 2016, as expected in light of the increase in merchandise fixtures for boutiques. This cost is expected to be slightly lower in 2018 as we continue to gain efficiencies in new store construction. We're on track to open 100 stores in 2018, and we're very pleased with the quality of the stores that we've accrued so far. We continue to evolve our store format to respond to guests' rising expectations for an experiential environment. In addition to the new skin bar I just mentioned, the latest store model, our Level 10, features upgrades to the Ulta Beauty Collection ball, enhanced impulse fixtures and elevated prestige hair fixtures. We expect the average store rents for the class of 2018 stores to be slightly lower compared to the class of 2018 -- '17. 
Now let me turn to our e-commerce business. ulta.com grew 60.4%, including the extra week or 50.4% on a comp basis in the fourth quarter, maintaining its strong momentum and representing 12.8% of total company sales. E-commerce contributed 460 basis points of our total company comp, driven by transaction growth. Total site traffic growth rose 54%, while mobile traffic was up 66%. Our recently rolled out omnichannel capabilities door-to-door is ramping faster than expected and satisfying strong demand for online-only brands like Ofra, Lime Crime and new additions like Storybook Cosmetics as well as brands like Morphe and MAC that are not yet available in every store. 
And finally, to update you on our supply chain operations. Our supply chain performed very well during the quarter, operating at peak capacity for an extended period while maintaining high in-stock levels during the holiday selling period. In support of the higher e-commerce order volumes, our distribution teams continued to exceed their goals for processing time and in-home delivery speed during holidays. With e-commerce representing nearly 13% of total sales in the quarter, our supply chain was able to support this volume while reducing cost per order by about 10% compared to last year. Our investments in the new operating model allows the network to deliver record daily order throughput capacity at 10% above plan. 
From an inventory perspective, the team maintained high in-stock levels during the holiday season and through the end of the quarter, improving on last year's strong performance and exceeding our inventory turn goals for the year. Our post-holiday inventory plan was well executed, allowing us to recover from the holiday selling season quickly and capture strong post-holiday sales. 
So that wraps up my recap of the fourth quarter. And now I'd like to spend some time discussing how we're thinking about the future. As we began to plan 2018, we recognized several significant factors that will impact not just this year but the subsequent years as well and allow modifications to our original long-range planning assumptions. 
First, the impact of tax reform. This changes the game and provides us with a unique opportunity to deploy a portion of the benefits to invest in our associates and make us more competitive. It also enables us to accelerate certain investments to drive growth and innovation. These will deliver clear benefits to our business, but any reinvestment, obviously, impacts our operating margin rate. We also have to adopt the new accounting standard for revenue recognition that boosts the top line but is expected to negatively impact operating margin by roughly 20 basis points this year. 
Next, it's clear that our business will have a higher mix of e-commerce sales than previously anticipated. While it's good news that we reached our target of 10% e-com penetration 2 years ahead of plan, this does put modest pressure on the P&L from a rate perspective since gross margin for ulta.com is below that of our brick-and-mortar business. The great news is that e-commerce sales and margin dollars are largely incremental and represent additional share gains. The investments that we've made to enhance our digital and fulfillment capabilities position us to capture significant sales in e-commerce while providing exceptional experience for our growing number of omnichannel guests. 
We're also not immune to the various cost pressures that most retailers are facing today, including labor, freight and health care. Labor cost is the most significant of these for Ulta Beauty, and we face 2 challenges: rising hourly wages, wage rates in many markets across the country; and increased competition for workers in our distribution centers and, more importantly, the ongoing aggressive roll-out that we're doing of our prestige brand boutiques with dedicated and highly trained staffing. 
And finally, we're operating in a highly competitive marketplace coupled with the slowdown in the growth rate of cosmetics that has persisted longer than expected. While we remain optimistic that our differentiated model will continue to gain share in a very fragmented market, these category and competitive dynamics are likely to pressure margins in the near term. 
Now these headwinds will be in part offset by a formalized cost optimization program expected to unlock savings later in 2018 and beyond. As we mentioned on last quarter's call, we believe there's plenty of opportunities to leverage our scale to reduce inefficiencies, and we've identified 4 major work streams to drive benefits in the areas of indirect procurement, end-to-end operational efficiency, real estate cost and merchandise margin improvement. 
So taking all these factors into consideration, it's clear that for the long-term health of the business, it no longer makes sense to drive toward the 15% operating margin target on the timetable we set several years ago, and managing the business to obtain that target would require underinvestment in areas that we believe will drive robust, sustainable, long-term growth. We still expect to expand operating margin over the long-term. For 2018 however, we anticipate taking a small setback in the order of magnitude of 50 to 70 basis points. Going forward, rather than guiding to a precise operating margin target or time line, we will instead ask stakeholders to focus on how we create value through our very healthy earnings per share and margin dollar growth. 
We're planning to invest a portion of the roughly $100 million tax rate benefit expected in 2018 in a variety of projects designed to further enhance our differentiated positioning and elevate our overall guest experience. First, we are making critical investments in our people, including employee benefit enhancements that will improve our position at a competitive labor market and increase retention. In addition, we plan to invest in a series of new initiatives that will accelerate customer-facing innovation across multiple touch points to drive growth and strengthen our competitive position. One area of focus will be our store experience, where we'll be innovating on the human, physical and digital aspects of the journey to ensure we're delivering a compelling, exciting and easy experience for our guests in every trip. We'll also accelerate our investment in AI and data capabilities to drive more personalization and one-to-one offers for our loyalty program members. In addition, we'll increase investments in digital innovation to drive guest experience enhancement designed to drive engagement and education as well as increased sales through our e-commerce business. We'll also enhance our capabilities to both identify and incubate new brand opportunities that will further evolve our assortment and take full advantage of the changing landscape of brand creation. And we'll accelerate our services strategy with the continued roll-out of the new salon model and the addition of the new skin services model. Finally from an infrastructure standpoint, we'll accelerate activities around supply chain network optimization as well as investments in supply chain systems that enable buy anywhere, fill anywhere capabilities. We are confident these investments will allow us to continue to deliver industry-leading sales and earnings growth while making us a more competitive employer, improving the guest experience and allowing us to invest in growth platforms to drive sustainable differentiation, exceptional market share gains and long-term success. 
Before turning over to Scott, I'd like to address the topic of the recent lawsuits alleging that Ulta Beauty has resold used products. We are vigorously defending against these lawsuits and taking actions to ensure our guests continue to have the highest confidence in the integrity and quality of Ulta Beauty's products and packaging. Let me be clear: we do not sell used, damaged or expired products and have zero tolerance for any actions that would compromise the integrity of the products we sell. We are confident that our associates are following our policies regarding the handling of returned products. To fortify this policy, we're re-communicating and reinforcing with every associate across the country the proper procedures for processing returns. We have seen no indications that the publicity surrounding the allegations has negatively impacted our brand, our store traffic or our financial results in any discernible way. But we will remain vigilant and ready to take any necessary action to protect our brand and ensure we maintain the trust of our loyal guests. 
Now Scott will cover more details of drivers of our fourth quarter financials and our outlook for the first quarter and fiscal year 2018.

Thank you, Scott. And I'd just like to wrap up our prepared comments with some reflections on our overall 2017 performance. 
We made significant progress on our strategic imperatives throughout the year. We attracted millions of new customers, adding 4.4 million net new loyalty members, and we achieved all-time highs in brand awareness. We gained market share across all categories, added dozens of leading brands to the assortment, successfully rolled out 700 prestige brand boutiques and significantly rebalanced our service offering. We drove impressive new store productivity. We delivered stellar growth in e-commerce sales and increased the percentage for omnichannel shoppers. We improved our infrastructure and supply chain capabilities. And really perhaps most importantly, we continue to grow and develop a workforce of passionate, highly engaged associates who create and sustain our winning culture. 
All of these accomplishments give us tremendous confidence in executing our plan and driving sustainable, profitable growth in 2018 and beyond. Our business model remains strong and differentiated, and the investments we're making will continue to set us apart, support market share gains and make us relevant in the beauty industry for many years to come. 
So now I'll turn it over to our conference call host for Q&A.

Thank you, Chris. Let me start just by stepping back and providing some context, which is that we have many different demand drivers, and we always are really striving to deliver a great value equation to our guests and one that's going to drive share gains and profitable growth. So some of those demand drivers are easy to see and track, and others are maybe less so because they're very targeted, and a lot of folks are consumer target, right. So what I would say is the great thing is that we can and do flex those tactics as needed given the time of year, category, competitive dynamics. So we set out -- I guess some more context, really over 4 years ago to reduce our reliance on broad price discounting and, as you said, increased targeted offerings through our loyalty program. We also significantly shifted spending out of price promotion tactics into awareness and brand building tactics. And we've done that. The business, I would say, is much healthier because of that. So our brand partners, they appreciate what we're doing with the data and the insights in the loyalty program. And I'm confident that these are the right levers. So to your point, at the end of the fourth quarter, we did have an incremental 20% off postcard, end of the quarter, drove traffic and share gains, slight headwind in margin rate. But as I said, we actually have many levers and we take a very holistic approach. So in fact, we're less promotional on other tactics that we're probably less visible. So net-net, it's only a slight increase in overall promotions. And really, that was largely driven by the higher mix of e-commerce in the quarter, which tends to be more promotional. So to your question about looking forward, I'd say more of the same. It's just constant -- how do we -- over time, we know that getting more and more one-on-one and personalized is the goal for us. Our loyalty program allows us to do that. The investments I talked about do as well. But we'll continue to use an array of tactics and levers to drive the long-term growth and share gains of the business.

Is that a question?

Look, we just found out [indiscernible] I'm sorry. I wasn't tracking if that was a question or not, a follow-on question, Chris. So...

Okay, he's gone. I'm happy to answer but I wasn't clear about it.

Yes. I mean, I'm very encouraged as our new class of stores each year continues to ramp up stronger. Productivity continues to get better. The maturity ramp of the stores is a function of the overall comp rate. So that's going to flex based on the -- where we are in the overall comp. But what we are seeing in new store openings continues to be very strong and very encouraging and allows us to continue to drive more market share gains as we enter markets, even markets that we already have stores, right. As we're adding stores, we're continuing to build our market share and overall penetration. So it's quite strong.

Okay, great. Thank you, Simeon. Now I'll start with the question, I guess, about why we feel we need to make investments. I'd say first of all, I think we've got a really strong track record of making smart investments that earn a great return. And we've, in fact, made really significant progress against the 5-year plan that we communicated back in 2014. We're well ahead on, I guess, every dimension you might measure from sales and profit, the comp performance, share gains and whatnot. I would say though that retail is rapidly changing and really more so than maybe we would have thought 4 years ago. So while I feel very good about the investments we've made, this is simply an opportunity now frankly with the Tax Reform Act to size up the opportunities that affords us to invest at an accelerated pace on some of the dimensions that I talked about and really investing from a position of strength. We're very confident about our business model and our growth potential, but continuing to invest and maybe doing at an accelerated pace allows us to adapt to the increased pace of change, I think, that's happening in guest expectations and retail. So if we only solved for margin, I think we would not maximize the opportunity that's ahead of us. So when we think about those investments, it's both in people as well as guest-facing initiatives. And really, it's more about imagining a future of this intersection of the digital and physical world that's more focused on experiences, on discovery, personalization and less on what you might think of like the friction of commerce. So for us, it's just about how do you pace that and do it in a way that continues to allow us to really be the leader in beauty that we are and believe we continue to be. So it's as simple as that. Do you want to take the second question?

Great. Thank you. I'm going to tag team this with Dave. So I'll start. And I guess I would say when I -- we think about our -- I'll really reiterate. We've continued to gain share in all the categories and all the channels that we're in, right. So we participate in a lot of different categories, All Things Beauty, All in One Place. So there's a lot of different irons in the fire that we have to drive our growth. And in prestige, for us, we comped around 10% last quarter. And a year ago, that was 20%. So that was still great growth, a little bit not as strong as it was the year before, but we had some brands that had great -- our prestige boutique beauty brands were really strong and continued to roll out. We had some other brands that had innovations that didn't work as well as the previous year. But we see our partners and new brand innovation very strong both in mass, which we can talk more about, and prestige. And I feel very confident that that's going to continue to be a strong segment of growth and really coming in a lot of different ways. So to your point about celebrity brands, that's just one of the many levers that are out there in terms of creation of brands, and we're participating across all of those. So I would not rule that out. I think there's a lot of ways for us to get innovation and we are -- so Dave, why don't you give a little more color on [indiscernible]

Okay. Thank you, Mark. "If we can get a little preview," I like that, which we can't do and don't have, but no -- I would think about it as sustaining really help the healthy comps that we're talking about right now and that we would -- I would expect that the need to evolve any retail business is going to be -- it's out there for all of us. So when we think about these investments, it's really to continue to be just as strong as we are and may -- and sustain the kind of comps that we're talking about. So more to come on that.

Yes, I'll just start and then have Dave add some more to this. But I'm really thrilled with the kind of growth that we've had. We're at almost 28 million members, as we said, which is fantastic. And still, there's a lot of beauty enthusiasts out there that are not in our loyalty program. So we anticipate to be able to continue to drive growth albeit at a moderate pace over time. We've had really strong growth. We know we'll continue to growth it. So would you like to add to that?

The 20% offer that came with the launch [indiscernible]

Great. Thank you, Dana. I'll start with the store base. We obviously continue to look at that very closely and are thrilled with the productivity that we have, the real estate opportunity, the ability to take advantage of situations, I think, that are right for us in retail. So -- and we love the e-commerce growth because it's so incremental to the business, right. So it's not -- we don't have a shifting of purchases happening here. As you know, we look at that on the channel guest closely and analytically. She continues to buy even more in-store and online and becomes the best guest. So -- but we look at it closely as we continue to build off the store base and make sure that we are picking the right spots and that we'll just keep watching that. But we feel very encouraged that we're going to open 100 stores this year. We're off to a very strong start already, and we think we're in the right place. On the -- oh, category stuff was the first question. Do you want to take that, Dave?

Got it.

Thank you, Jason. I'll just start by saying a couple of things. One is I am thrilled that we're really in a formalized program that we're working on with dedicated internal leaders and a formal process in place, and we're doing it from a position of strength. So I think it's the right time for us to think about how do we take our growth and scale and identify opportunities to drive more efficiencies in the business, smarter ways to do business for many years to come. So we're fairly far down the path of identifying buckets of opportunities but way too early to start getting specific about what that's going to look like and when, but I feel really good about the progress we're making.

Well, we hope so. I mean, the idea is that it really is the right time for us to think about short term and long term, the ability to continue to drive the kind of returns that our shareholders expect and want while continuing to invest in the business that have many, many years of growth ahead of it and the need for investment in a changing retail environment. So firstly, I think about it a little bit less of cost-cutting. I think about it more as driving efficiencies to invest in growth, and now is the right time for us to do that.

Yes, I'm not sure we'll break out all that in so much detail, but I'll tag team this with Dave. Thank you. We're thrilled about Chanel Beauté as well. It will be a pretty -- a small number of stores to start. We're starting Westport, Connecticut, in the next couple of weeks at an assortment, beautiful brand. So we're thrilled to continue and deepen that partnership.

I would say all of the above, Oliver. It's a great question. And I believe we are really well positioned to really be a leader in this category for many years to come, both in the physical space as well as digital, full stop. I mean, to us, this is a category and a consumer that we focus on, the beauty enthusiasts who really loves both the in-store experience to try and discover and get services as well as the convenience and fun of buying online. And so we offer really what nobody else does, and we will continue to do that, so the broadest assortment across all categories and price point, a great in-store experience and online experience that means we'll just keep getting better, right, services, our loyalty program. And I'd say as we think about our e-commerce platform, we just continue to build out our e-commerce platform in a way that is great. It gives us great control over content, the guest experience, the pricing, the data. So we like the model. We think we're well positioned. And as we think about the future, imagining what that guest wants 5 and 10 years from now in that intersection of the physical and digital world, it's -- that's our job to do. But we believe she'll continue to want to have a physical experience as well. So that's how we think about it. It's a competitive space, but we think we're playing to win. So we will.

I want to close by thanking our 35,000 associates for their commitment to providing a great guest experience and for delivering exceptional financial results in 2017. I look forward to speaking with all of you soon. Thank you.