Thank you, Nick, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen. I would like to begin with some general thoughts on our performance in 2018. We achieved robust results from our combustible tobacco portfolio and nearly doubled our heated tobacco unit in-market sales volume, driven by growth in all IQOS markets. 
We fell short of our initial full year net revenue growth target provided in February last year, which was almost entirely attributable to lower-than-anticipated IQOS consumer acquisition in Japan and related distributor heated tobacco unit inventory adjustments. In our view, this overshadowed an otherwise robust financial and strategic performance across the business. Clearly, and understandably, this contributed to the overall decline in our share price, which was also pressured by broader market concerns surrounding the industry and the consumer staples sector generally. 
While we recognize that the market is the ultimate judge, we find it difficult to understand the share price impact of certain developments in the industry last year, particularly those that were very U.S.-centric and arguably, less relevant to our international business. 
Entering 2019, I believe that we have laid the foundation for a better business performance this year and beyond, thanks to significant investments in product portfolio development and organizational capabilities, including a state-of-the-art digital infrastructure to fuel our expansion. 
As I will cover in my remarks in a moment, the underlying strength of our combustible product portfolio remains undoubtedly intact, and our smoke-free products are the catalyst to accelerate our overall business growth. 
Let me now take you through the main elements of our full year results, starting with volume. Our total cigarette and heated tobacco unit shipment volume declined by 2.1%, notably reflecting the reduction in distributor heated tobacco unit inventory in Japan, which we explained during our third quarter 2018 results call. Excluding estimated net distributor inventory movements, total shipment volume was flat, our best annual performance since 2012, with strong growth in heated tobacco units offsetting a decline in cigarette. This performance compares favorably to an estimated decline in total industry volume of 1.6% on the same basis. 
Our cigarette shipment volume declined by 2.8%. The decrease was due mainly to lower industry volume, notably in Russia and Saudi Arabia, coupled with the impact of consumer switching from cigarettes to heated tobacco product, particularly in Japan, Korea and the EU Region. 
Increased shipment volume, notably in Pakistan and Turkey, driven by higher industry volume, and in Thailand, driven by higher market share, served as a partial offset. 
Heated tobacco unit shipment volume increased by 14.2% to 41.4 billion units despite estimated net distributor inventory movements in Japan of approximately 17 billion units. More importantly, our in-market sales volume for heated tobacco units nearly doubled, reaching 44.3 billion units, a significant achievement driven by all IQOS launch markets, including Japan and Korea. 
Turning to our 2018 financial results. Net revenues increased by 3.4%, excluding currency, driven by strong pricing of our combustible tobacco portfolio and heated tobacco unit shipment volume growth. The users product net revenues reached $4.1 billion or 13.8% of total net revenues, with IQOS devices and accessories accounting for approximately $0.9 billion or 22%. 
For reference, last year distributor inventory adjustment in Japan of an estimated 4.5 billion units adversely impacted our total net revenue growth, excluding currency, by approximately 1.2 points. The move to highly inflationary accounting in Argentina further impacted growth by approximately 0.6 points. 
Our 2018 combustible tobacco pricing variance represented 7.6% of prior year combustible tobacco net revenues, with positive contributions from all 6 of our regions. Pricing was particularly strong in Canada, Germany, Indonesia, the Philippines and Russia. 
The strong pricing performance in Russia benefited from a very favorable comparison following essentially no net pricing in the market in 2017. Also, in the Philippines, we benefited from improved industry pricing dynamics following the significant decrease in nontax product availability. 
On a currency-neutral basis, adjusted operating income was essentially flat, while our adjusted operating income margin decreased by 1.3 points. The margin decline primarily reflected the impact of our net incremental RRP investments of approximately $600 million. 
For reference, the factors mentioned previously for Japan and Argentina had an adverse combined impact on our currency-neutral adjusted operating income growth and margin of approximately 3.3 and 1.1 percentage points respectively. 
Our adjusted diluted earnings per share of $5.10 increased by 8.1%, driven by both a lower effective tax rate and net interest expense. Excluding adverse currency of $0.11, which occurred in the second half of the year, adjusted diluted EPS increased by 10.4%. 
The lower effective tax rate and net interest expense were both driven by the 2017 U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Our 2018 effective tax rate decreased to approximately 23%, slightly better than the 24% that we had assumed as part of our guidance in November and around 5 to 6 points below our effective tax rate in the years prior to tax reform. The decrease in net interest expense resulted from greater flexibility on cash repatriation and capital structure optimization provided by the reform. 
Our operating cash flow of $9.5 billion increased by over $500 million or 6.4%, principally driven by higher net earnings, partly offset by unfavorable currency. 
Capital expenditures of $1.4 billion came in below our full year assumption, primarily reflecting continued improvement in heated tobacco unit investment efficiency as equipment productivity rises. 
Turning now to market share. Our total international share of 28.4% increased by 0.5 points, our highest organic growth since 2008, driven by heated tobacco units, which reached a share of 1.6%. 
Remarkably, share grew in all 6 of our regions, underlining the strength of our combined portfolio. 
Our share of the international cigarette category was flat at 27.4%, demonstrating our success in maintaining cigarette market leadership while transitioning our product portfolio and transforming our overall organization. 
Further, despite over-indexed IQOS out-switching and the impact of the sizable volume contraction in Saudi Arabia during the first half of the year, Marlboro's international share of the cigarette category was also flat, reflecting share growth in a number of markets, including France, Indonesia, Mexico, the Philippines and Turkey. 
With the performance of IQOS being top-of-mind for investors, let me also highlight some of the latest results and developments, beginning with an overall view, followed by some market-specific commentary. 
As seen on this slide, the total estimated number of IQOS users reached 9.6 million in the fourth quarter, continuing the positive quarterly sequential growth trend. Importantly, nearly 70% of the total, an estimated 6.6 million users, have already stopped smoking by switching to IQOS, while the balance are in conversion. IQOS user growth in the quarter was especially driven by the EU Region and Russia. Approximately 1/3 of the total IQOS user base is now in markets outside Asia, which highlights the broadening geographic success of the brand's proposition. 
As announced last year, we began the global launch of our IQOS 3 devices in mid-November, starting with our own retail and e-commerce channels. Though still early, as full device availability and expansion to our main distribution channels has only occurred in the past couple of weeks, we're very pleased with the initial consumer reaction to the new device lineup across IQOS markets. 
I will now turn to the performance of IQOS in specific geographies, beginning with Japan. As discussed during our earnings call in October, there were sizable trade and consumer purchases of both cigarettes and heated tobacco units across the industry during the third quarter in advance of the excise tax-driven price increases on October 1. This led to a distortion in heated tobacco unit in-market sales in both the third and fourth quarters. The same distortion is reflected in our share progression between the third and fourth quarter. When equalized for the purchase patterns, our estimated share in each quarter was approximately 15.4%. 
Looking to 2019. We are encouraged that the favorable heated tobacco unit weekly offtake share trend that we observed during the fourth quarter continued in January. We anticipate increased competitive activity this year, including new heated tobacco product launches. This may accelerate overall category growth, in part by reducing the consumption dilution observed with current competitive device ownership, which I will show shortly. 
In this context, we believe that the new IQOS 3 and its continued superior sensorial experience, in combination with the range of initiatives that we rolled out during the later part of last year, including the mid-priced HEETS brand, will allow us to restore growth. Importantly, the convenience store channel, which accounts for the vast majority of our volume, began selling IQOS 3 and IQOS 3 MULTI as of last week. But already, IQOS 3 has significantly increased the number of new users acquired by IQOS compared to the 2018 monthly average prior to IQOS 3 launch. 
Furthermore, the national rollout of the HEETS brand, which is currently only available in geographies with approximately 25% of the country's tobacco consumers, will begin in the coming weeks. 
We remain optimistic about the long-term growth potential of the heated tobacco category in Japan and of our brand specifically. Japanese adult smokers continue to show a strong and growing interest in heated tobacco product as demonstrated by device ownership and past 7-days' usage trend. Based on the latest available data, over 45% of Japanese tobacco consumers owned at least one device, while over 40% reported using a heated tobacco product over the past 7 days. 
While these indicators of category interest are not yet fully reflected in the latest category share of consumption of around 23%, this is understandable for a couple of reasons. First, switching takes time, with a lag between device purchase, use and the full conversion that maximizes heated tobacco share. This is easiest to see through the end of 2017, when IQOS was essentially the only product on the market at scale. 
Second, and more importantly, other heated tobacco product, which became more broadly available over the course of '17 and 2018, have been far less effective than IQOS in fully converting adult smokers. This is due to relatively low taste satisfaction, leading to mainly situational use that further dilutes the category share relative to device ownership. Lower conversion effectiveness is also generating some hesitation among more conservative cigarette smokers to enter the category at this stage. 
Many users of competitive devices have never tried IQOS, and certain IQOS users also own competitive devices. Both groups represent great opportunities for us, with IQOS 3 and IQOS 3 MULTI. Over time, as competitive products improve and more heated tobacco users experience the relative benefits of IQOS, particularly those who began their heated tobacco journey with a competitive product, we expect the gap between total category share and the level of device ownership to narrow. 
Turning to Korea. Fourth quarter share for HEETS of 8.5% increased by 3 points compared to the same period in 2017 or by 1.1 points sequentially. It should be noted that our share in the quarter was distorted by trade inventory movements ahead of the change in health warnings on heated tobacco products in late December. 
We are pleased with our share performance, particularly given the backdrop of additional competitive activity in the heated tobacco category as the year progressed as well as the confusion among some adult smokers caused by the Korean FDA's comments last year regarding the tar generated by heated tobacco products. 
In-market sales volume of -- for HEETS increased slightly on a sequential basis to 1.5 billion units. 
Looking to 2019, IQOS remains the preeminent brand in the category, with HEETS holding over 75% category share in the fourth quarter. This position has been reinforced by the launch of our new devices, giving us confidence in our ability to grow HEETS volume and share further. 
In the European Union Region, fourth quarter share for HEETS reached 1.7% of total cigarette and heated tobacco unit industry volume, an increase of 1.1 points compared to the fourth quarter of 2017, supported by all IQOS markets. On a sequential basis, share growth accelerated in the quarter, increasing by 0.5 points. 
It is worth noting that IQOS is only present in geographic areas representing approximately 47% of industry total volume in the region. The favorable share momentum reflects continued growth in the total number of IQOS users, which reached nearly 1.8 million by year-end. Importantly, as of late January, IQOS 3 is finally fully available in essentially all IQOS markets across the region. 
Our HEETS share growth in the EU Region was driven by a number of markets, notably Greece, Portugal, the Czech Republic, Italy, Poland and Germany. As we have said before, the speed of IQOS adoption will vary by market. This reflects factors such as the underlying disposition of adult smokers to use and recommend innovative tobacco products as well as the regulations that apply to reduced-risk products, such as those that impact our ability to communicate to adult smokers about better alternatives to continued cigarette smoking. Despite related constraints in certain geographies, IQOS is growing across all EU launch markets, and the fourth quarter accelerations auger well for 2019. 
In Russia, the strong sequential performance of IQOS continued in the fourth quarter, with HEETS market share up by 0.7 points to 1.8% of the total number of IQOS users, reaching 0.8 million. This performance is impressive given the fact that IQOS is present in only 7 cities, where the average fourth quarter share for HEETS was nearly 8%, with share in Moscow approaching double digits. 
This primarily reflects increased adult smoker interest in and understanding and acceptance of IQOS as well as our targeted approach to geographic and channel expansion, which has underpinned an improvement in IQOS conversion rates and consumer experience. Given our success in the existing large cities, we are now expanding into additional geographic areas. 
Before I turn to our 2019 outlook, let me remind you of the 3-year financial growth targets that we outlined during our Investor Day last September. For the 2019 to 2021 period, we are targeting currency-neutral compound annual growth of at least 5% of net -- for net revenues and at least 8% for adjusted diluted earnings per share. 
As detailed in today's press release, we have adjusted the formulation of our annual EPS guidance to reflect the difficulty in determining with precision the speed at which adult smokers will adopt reduced-risk products. At the beginning of each year, we will now forecast our annual reported diluted EPS and the related currency-neutral adjusted diluted EPS growth rate by reference to a minimum threshold of expected performance. As each year unfolds, we intend to provide greater detail. 
For 2019, we forecast reported diluted earnings per share to be at least $5.37 at prevailing exchange rates compared to reported diluted earnings per share of $5.08 in 2018. 
Excluding an unfavorable currency impact at prevailing exchange rates of approximately $0.14 per share, this forecast represents a projected increase of at least 8% versus adjusted diluted earnings per share of $5.10 in 2018. 
Our 2019 forecast assumes currency-neutral net revenue growth of at least 5%, which includes an expected adverse impact of approximately 0.6 points due to the move to highly inflationary accounting in Argentina. 
We expect IQOS and heated tobacco unit volume growth, in particular, to be the key driver of this growth. Combustible tobacco pricing will remain an important contributor, underpinned by the broadly rational tobacco excise tax environment and mitigating the impact of the anticipated combustible product volume decline. As noted earlier, we recorded an exceptional pricing variance in 2018 that creates a challenging pricing comparison this year. We expect our average pricing variance over the 2018 and '19 2-year period to be in line with our average annual pricing variance from 2008 to 2017. 
We anticipate the total cigarette and heated tobacco unit shipment volume decline of approximately 1.5% to 2% in 2019. This compares favorably to an estimated total industry decline of around 2.5% to 3% for the year. 
Given the challenge of forecasting, with precision, heated tobacco unit shipment volumes, we are not providing a specific 2019 target at this early stage of the year. That said, we expect positive volume contributions from all IQOS markets in 2019, and we remain confident in our shipment volume target of 90 billion to 100 billion units by 2021. 
Turning to our cost base. Our efforts to deliver over $1 billion in annualized cost efficiencies by 2021 are already underway, led by important initiatives related to productivity, zero-based budgeting, a project-based organization model and other cost reduction opportunities. We expect our progress to -- on this front, to contribute to an increase in currency-neutral operating income margin of at least 100 basis points in 2019. 
We anticipate a full year effective tax rate of approximately 23%, consistent with last year, and a relatively stable net interest expense compared to 2018. 
We are targeting 2019 operating cash flow of at least $10 billion, subject to year-end working capital requirements. We project total capital expenditures this year of approximately $1.1 billion, reflecting further investment behind RRPs, in particular, to support our platform for e-vapor manufacturing capacity. 
I will close our 2019 outlook with some comments on the first quarter. While we don't provide quarterly guidance, I believe that it is appropriate to share some additional visibility related to phasing. We currently anticipate reported diluted EPS of approximately $1 in the quarter or flat compared to last year, subject to the timing of commercial spending associated with some of our IQOS-related projects. Excluding approximately $0.09 of adverse currency at prevailing exchange rate, this represents a growth rate of 9% compared to adjusted diluted EPS of $1 in the first quarter of 2018, which itself included a positive contribution from currency of $0.03 or approximately 3 percentage points. 
I will conclude with a few key takeaways from our 2018 performance. As evidenced by our total share growth internationally and our stable share of the cigarette category, we are successfully managing our transition from cigarettes to reduced-risk products. 
Our combustible tobacco portfolio remains the foundation of our business and is delivering robust performance and pricing power. Furthermore, the international cigarette industry volume decline was broadly in line with historical trends. 
IQOS continues to grow globally, nearly doubling heated tobacco unit in-market sales volume in 2018 and increasing the number of markets, making important contributions to its success. We estimate that as of year-end, over 6.6 million adult smokers around the world had already stopped smoking and switched to IQOS. 
We estimate a retail value of approximately $18 billion for the combined heated tobacco and e-vapor category outside China and the U.S., with heated tobacco representing approximately 70% of the total. IQOS alone, accounts for an estimated 57% of the combined retail value, with unit margins and switching rates superior to any other nicotine product. We expect to increase our share of the e-vapor market through further development and deployment of our product portfolio. 
Turning to 2019. We anticipate better underlying business fundamentals, driving currency-neutral net revenue growth of at least 5%. Our 2019 EPS forecast reflects a growth rate of at least 8%, excluding currency, compared to adjusted diluted EPS of $5.10 in 2018. 
Finally, we remain confident in our strategy for a smoke-free future and are convinced that our RRP portfolio continues to provide us with the single largest opportunity to accelerate our business growth and generously reward our shareholders over time. 
Thank you for listening. Martin and I are now happy to answer your questions.

Well, really, I will start by reminding everyone that -- because there is a lot of discussion amongst investors and in the media, in general, what is the potential of x product, y product, JUUL, IQOS and so on, and we have to understand that this is not a binary or a zero-sum game or winner takes all kind of situation. I think you can say there are some form of parallelism with intersections in the trajectory of consumers between e-vapor products, [ lighter-pure ] nicotine products and heated tobacco products. We know that heated tobacco products have the highest conversion ability, but there are people that, in markets where IQOS doesn't exist, that have already switched fully to e-vapor products. And there are people that use both. So we are going to see very different behaviors that are sometimes complementary and nonexclusive. We will see -- we know that there is dual usage of e-vapor and cigarettes. We have people that may continue using the same amount of cigarettes and have a few additional e-vapor products. And you will also see heated tobacco products, like IQOS and e-vapor, being used simultaneously. That's why we developed a portfolio of products that can cater to all consumers and that -- we'll see all kinds of combinations going forward. So we are ready to compete with everybody, and I think competition in the category and the ability to switch people out of cigarettes is very important. I mentioned in my remarks, Japan, where we see that not subsidiary-performing products, in terms of sensory experience, dilute the category, and we welcome products that can. So I think, for us, as a matter of principle, there is room for all products, and there will be no one exclusive user or one competitor in any category. So I think we know sufficiently and we have demonstrated over the past year that we understand all the categories, and we understand all the consumers, okay? So in our situation, to a certain degree, we're not in the same market as Altria and I will not comment on the Altria decisions because they have to look at their own portfolio and situation. And they took the decision to make the investment, which I respect. I think nothing has changed in the relationship we have with Altria in preparation of the IQOS launch in the U.S., and I think Altria confirmed that they are fully ready, once we get FDA approval to go for IQOS. And we are looking forward to this moment. As far as JUUL is concerned, clearly, JUUL benefits from a certain degree of awareness due to the U.S. market in certain English-speaking countries. So we'll see some initial success, for sure, because there is awareness, as we had with IQOS, for example, in some markets when we entered, like Korea. But then, we have to see the sustainability of the product proposition, both from a marketing and product performance point of view. But again, there is no one winner takes it all, okay? So I think we have to go over this initial excitement and discussion, who is going to be the winning technology, who is going to be the winning brand. I think there will be many brands. I believe IQOS is already a very well-established brand, as I said in my remarks. If we combine the e-vapor and heated tobacco category, and the e-vapor category internationally is essentially in the EU and has been fairly stable, IQOS has 57% of the entire retail value of both categories combined, and we're not even in the e-vapor category. We plan to enter significantly the e-vapor category as of the end of this year, including with the devices we showed in Investors Day that are smaller devices to cater for different consumers' needs. And that's why we also said we increased a little bit the CapEx so that we have capacity to develop this -- to commercialize this product. And I think we are ready for competing. The only thing I would say is JUUL, I hope they learned their lessons regarding certain undesirable target audiences that we are very careful and extremely wise about. And I hope that the Altria participation will increase their attention to unintended audiences. That's all I have to say.

Okay. We're talking about 2 different things, if I understand. The first is the rollout of what we call IQOS 3 devices and IQOS MULTI; and the other, what happens with the second lineup of consumables we have in Japan. Is that correct?

Okay. So we were a bit limited initially on IQOS 3 and IQOS 3 MULTI in many markets, so we made the product available only through our own retail and e-commerce. And we also made the product -- so we had limitations, and I have to say we're very pleased with the initial reaction. People understand and appreciate also the IQOS MULTI because that was a clear consumer need. We have combined sales of both, and that's very good. And we also continue selling IQOS 2.4. So although it's a limited sample, I would say, because we were not national in every retail channel with IQOS 3, the first indications is things are happening the way we had foreseen are happening. And the comments from the consumers are good. And if you look at more -- to use Net Promoter Scores, we have improved also significantly the Net Promoter Score of IQOS in Japan, in particular, and in other places. And at the same time, we see new user acquisition, even with this limited availability of IQOS 3, increasing. So it's early indications, but they are good indications, and we see the same in other markets. We'll give a bit more color and granularity in CAGNY because we will have a bit more weeks behind us with full availability. But so far, so good. Now regarding HEETS, our reading is they help -- from the limited markets again we're in, they help increase consumer acquisition because we cater to people that are a bit more price-sensitive. We have incremental share, if you combine both Marlboro heated units and HEETS, in the places we were, and that's why we decided to extend. There is obviously, a certain cannibalization because we are, essentially, the only product. But overall, we have share increase, and that's the encouraging part.

Look, we see clearly growth in all the markets where IQOS is present, okay, volume growth. I mean, I would not read too much in the forecast of global combined cigarettes and everything because, frankly speaking, we were positively surprised last year by the combustible category as well with more positive volumes than we initially anticipate. All I would say is we are in line with the projection I gave for 3 years down the line, 90 billion to 100 billion, and I would not venture in more precise volumes this year because they are baked in the, at least, 5% revenue growth, okay? In Japan, in particular, if you have noticed from the slides, I don't know if you had the opportunity to see them, we see growth in the share of IQOS, actually in Japan, in January, the share of IQOS was [ 16.5% ]. So that's very nice compared to 15.4% we had in the previous quarters. I would not -- it's in 1 month, and I would not read anything into this, but it's a positive development. And EU and Russia, as you have seen, we have very positive trends. So we are very optimistic, but we'll keep you abreast on what's happening as the year unfolds.

Look, I mean, as we expand in different cities, we'll see additional volume, obviously. We also need to understand, we are in the richest and more affluent cities, and we see continued growth. As we expand over time, maybe the growth trajectories will be a bit slower because we are reaching lower-income consumers. But overall, I think Russia piloted a number of practices, including using digital tools, that show that we can scale up efficiently without necessarily expanding manpower everywhere. And that's something, now that we have the digital platforms, as I said, and infrastructure available and we're rolling it out as we speak, should be an accelerator this year and most importantly, in the years to come, with also much more cost efficiency underlying the growth trajectories of IQOS. So I see -- I mean, we're very pleased with what's happening in Russia. I think it's a very clear demonstration that IQOS has potential everywhere, even in markets that have less purchasing power. And the testing of the tools show that we can scale with much more efficiency than before. So it's all very positive signs.

Look, we are fairly confident we can deliver on this. It's a combination of, as we said, lower spending, much lower spending than last year, but still incremental spending. And the second one is an increased volume contribution of IQOS to the overall earnings. And as we know, IQOS has better margins. So that's the way I would read it.

Yes.

That's correct. We started the ZBB project. But as you can understand, it's not going to deliver big amounts of money in the first year because we have to go through the whole process and do it properly, okay? So I see this participating as of the next year. And we never said, just to be clear, that the $1 billion we are targeting is all money that you're going to see on the bottom line, that you should see a portion of that to the bottom line. The other helps the incremental investment, so the deltas are not as big as they used to be in the previous year.

Okay. There was some shipment in Russia ahead of -- we're expanding in different cities. So there is -- it's preparation of the expansion, okay? I don't remember exactly how much that was, around [ 1 billion, 0.8 billion ], something like that, if I can recall correctly, okay?

It was planned from the beginning, so it's not something -- but there is nothing else in there. The rest is direct in-market sales, okay?

That's a very good question. First of all, I think we see momentum in Italy. It took a lot of time, if you remember, Adam, to get Italy moving given the restrictions. And I think it's just the fact that there are more consumers of IQOS in Italy, so start having word-of-mouth, okay? Again, I wouldn't read one quarter as the proxy for the acceleration, but the momentum is there. So I think, in Italy, finally, we start seeing this better than slow linearity of growth, and that's exactly what's happening. And this is ahead of us deploying further of these efficiency tools I described. But this is what you read in Italy, is share of the market. It's nothing to do with inventories and shipments and all these things.

Yes. I mean, look, volume for the year is a bit difficult to estimate. So we gave a range of 1.5% to 2%, okay? That's our estimate. It can come better or slightly worse. It depends on the combustible as well. So it's just to give you a flavor of what we see compared to total market, which means we expect share growth in this whole [ context ], helped obviously by the IQOS units as well. But I mean, the key guidance is more than 5% and more than 8%, and that's how it is [ still ], at least.

At least.

Well, as the year goes, I had -- I think depending on what happens, we'll give you better forecast for the remaining year. I would stay to what I said at this stage, and that's all I can tell you at this stage, Adam.

Well, clearly, we made -- first of all, and foremost, we made these devices available as an option to existing users of IQOS, especially part of our, what we call, the IQOS sphere and exclusive users, okay, because I think that's fair to these people to have first access. But we also see now sales from people that have never bought IQOS before. I don't have the demographics, to be fair with you, with me, but we'll provide them in CAGNY. And I would not like -- I wouldn't provide statistics just with 1 or 2 weeks of rollout, okay? So what I -- I repeat what I said before. We also see sales of 2.4 Plus surprisingly because people knew that the new device is coming and still bought 2.4, especially the most price-sensitive consumers, which in my view, shows that the strategy works, and that there will be people that -- they will enter the category also through 2.4 Plus. Don't forget, we kept the previous version at a lower price, and we sell the new devices at a higher price. So we have a dual strategy. And I think this, in combination with the HEETS that are at a lower price than the Marlboro consumables are for IQOS, will help us increase the penetration of the more price-sensitive consumers, okay?

Well, we have embedded overall, I would not make specific comments for markets, incremental spending, as I said, it's much less than last year, but it's still a lot of incremental spending. And I think we're adequately equipped to compete in Japan. At the same time, as I said, we're also rolling out digital tools and CRM platforms we didn't have before. And that should help, [ post ] the retention, which we should not forget, including making existing IQOS users that own multiple devices to go back and exclusively use IQOS, which IQOS 3 helps significantly in achieving this. So overall, I think, we are in good shape. We knew the competition is going to come. And I think, at the end of the day, a better product will increase the full conversion over time. And then over time also, the best product will win. But as I said many times, we're not going to have 80% of the segment forever in Japan. What is important is that the entire category grows over time, and I see no reason why the category will not grow. Every indication from what we showed is, is with the right product portfolio, the category will continue to grow.

Well, I mean, if I -- as I said, if you take the European Union, we are roughly at 50% -- 47% of volume-weighted, if you want, [ presence ]. So our share in the European Union would be double in the places where we are present, roughly speaking, okay? So if it's 1.7, I think it would be 3.4, okay?

Yes, look, I don't have all the numbers. If I recall correctly, Athens is well above 10 because I know, it's my home city, okay? Actually, yes, it is -- the whole region of Attica, including Athens, is 14% now, which is pretty high and growing. Milano, I don't have it, if somebody can help me here...

Just 1 second. Milan actually is an interest experiment because it's where we tried the first ways in the past. It was very flat. Took us a lot of time to make consumers try the product again. But if I'm not mistaken...

Okay. Sorry, but in Milan or in Rome, it's 5.3, something like that, okay? We'll give you bit more color in CAGNY on all this. But for me, Milano is probably the most important because -- it is the most difficult city, because of the previous presence of IQOS, to regain momentum, and we did. So that's a very good sign, actually.

Look, we go gradually in most of the markets. As I said previously, our objective, I mean, we are at 43, call it, markets today, the priority is to expand nationally, to see the full potential in these markets now that we can scale up efficiently. And during the year, we may open new markets if there's strategic opportunity or the regulation changes. But the focus is to expand nationally in the markets where we are, and that's what we are following, okay?

I do not -- I don't have the calculation, but traditionally, our transactional currency is 10% of the total currency impact. If I can use this as a rule of thumb, I don't think it's more than that.

Look, we look at the share buyback regularly. And I think for the moment, the conclusion is that we follow the plan. I think Martin explained that if we look at the 3-year period, including this year, it's in the outer years but we will be in a position without losing our rating to restore share buybacks. I understand it may be tempting for -- to do this, but I think we have to stick to the plan because I believe that some of the impact on the shares, as I explained, is due to our lower-than-expected initially performance, but the reality is also there is a lot of uncertainty that I've been trying to clarify. And we'll clarify even better e-cigarette categories, e-vapor worldwide and heat-not-burn and all the interactions in CAGNY. I think it's a necessary anxiety there. And in this context, I think, for us, our focus is to deliver the results quarter after quarter and get the growth of the products. And I'm sure investors will appreciate these and have the share going up rather than doing very opportunistic share repurchases rather than based on a clear plan, when the time is right for that.

Well, I think the excise tax -- if you look globally, the excise tax environment is fairly stable. I mean, yes, there are occasionally the 1 or 2 markets that have more than regular increases. On the other side, we have the positive surprise of Indonesia, where the government decided not to increase excise taxes, okay, so which would help volume. What I was trying to say in my remarks is we have to see 2018 as a very exceptional year because of Russia comparisons. That's a major contributor to pricing, obviously, given its volume size. Russia 2018 comparisons were compared to 0 almost pricing in 2017. Also, in the Philippines, because the illicit trade went away, we had the opportunity to get very significant pricing in '18. Obviously, that would be more regular now that we rebased our pricing in the Philippines. So the overall environment, I think, of pricing has not changed. It's very robust. It's there. But all I said is we have to look at '17 -- '18 and '19 as 2. And if you add the 2, we are very much in line with the rest, okay? And we have already taken 60-plus percent of the pricing so far. There's still a few markets that the price tax situation has not settled, but this is not anything major. I think, overall, pricing is very much in place and intact.

Look, IQOS MESH is only in our own e-commerce and a few stores -- actually, our own stores in London. For us, it was the experimenting again to see whether the flavors we offer are acceptable to consumers, whether the product itself is acceptable and then improve before we go for much more widespread expansion of the product. So it's very difficult to judge what is the potential. I think we learn what we need to learn. Obviously, we're there with the devices you've seen that caters more to the pod and vod, big vape or bigger vape consumers. In Investor Day, we explained to you that we have also smaller devices that cater to different consumers. And we are investing in manufacturing capacity for those devices and related cartridges. Overall, I would say the consumer feedback we receive is very good. They recognize the product is better, much more robust, batteries, detection of end of liquid and all these things. Now we need to integrate them in the smaller devices, and that's what we're doing just now for rollout. P3 is a bit -- we're preparing the industrial designs for the product. The product is stabilized. Clearly here, I see the potential more longer term and more situational use of the product, their full conversion, at this stage. So it's not something we roll out immediately, but -- or in very selected places in order to get better understanding. And in Platform 2, which I think is very promising, as we know, we're working on resolving one problem that in humid climates, we had some problems with the heat source, that there were some falloffs occasionally and that, even if it's very small, is not acceptable. So we are now working -- I think we have a solution at lab level. We're working on how to industrialize the solution before rollout. So that's where we stand on all this.

Well, IQOS, in every market we're in has better margins than cigarette. As a matter of fact, there is no one single market where we have lower margins [ than ] cigarette...

Okay, we're talking about marginal contribution here, okay? As we explained many times, in all major markets, clearly, we are breakeven or above. But it takes, depending on the market and the difficulty of consumer acquisition based on the restrictions, we're between 1 year to 2 years before we get to breakeven point, okay? So that's how I would read it. I think Jacek showed all the details during Investors Day on how to do it at different markets. But that's the rule of thumb, if you wish.

Well, heated tobacco products are excluded from the menthol ban, so we don't see a problem with this. Of course, we need to maintain it. And for cigarettes, we are ready, clearly, to offer consumers some alternatives. But what we saw from markets where there is a menthol ban, nothing happened actually. People switched to the same brands very often with different variants of the brand. So I don't expect any major thing to happen in Europe even with the menthol ban.

I don't -- nothing new in there. I mean...

Conversion rates are the same. And in terms of quitting rates, we don't see any change in the trajectories in Japan, which is the biggest market. If you look at cigarette or IQOS, it's -- the advent of IQOS has not changed the trajectories of people quitting smoking. So I think we are on the right side there in terms of concerns of regulators and public health people.

That's a big question. I think, in principle, my belief has always been that this product should be not taxed at all, okay? I'm just trying to be real, because a reduction of 95% or 98% is a humongous reduction, okay, if you talk heat-not-burn versus e-cigarettes versus everything. Now we have to be also realistic, that's why the -- there will be some taxes. There are taxes on heated tobacco products. Some countries tax e-vapor products because at the end of the day, ministries of finance need money. What is important is that there is a differential and substantial differential between the 2. And that's something we have achieved so far in all the markets where IQOS is present. And I think that's something that, in the foreseeable future, should be maintained. So now if we look at the 2 categories, as I explained, consumers will decide at the end of the day how they will behave. The important thing is they move out of cigarettes. It's -- because the only way to achieve harm reduction in global is to have a very high degree of people switching out of cigarettes and sticking 100% to the product. So far, heated tobacco product has proven to be much more efficient in doing this, but also e-cigarettes played a role, and then there will be people that can use both. And when we have nicotine products, maybe they use all 3 of them, depending on the situation they are. So you will have exclusive category users, and you have dual category users as we can see already. And that's why there is room for everybody. On IQOS, we have various platforms under the IQOS brand. We focused initially on the heated tobacco product because we thought, and we have the proof, that it has the highest efficiency. And now time has come for us to offer more products to consumers. And as we explained also in Investors Day, eventually, we will also have a product that has -- uses the same device with different consumables, e-vapor, heated and potentially nicotine, so consumers have absolute choice without the hassle of changing devices all the time. Now that's a bit more future music, but that's where we go. And that's why I say there is room for all kinds of product in the consumer journey over the years and within a day. And that's how I see the category.

Well, it will include, eventually, e-vapor products. But the essence of our projection was based on IQOS, to be frank with you, okay? So maybe e-vapor will become incremental on top of this volume.