Thank you, Nick, and welcome, everyone. I hope you are all safe and well. Our business delivered an excellent performance in 2021, reaching record net revenues, adjusted diluted EPS and cash flow with growth in overall volumes, high single-digit organic net revenue growth and strong double-digit adjusted EPS growth.  
This illustrates the sustainable nature of our growth, based on new product and innovation as demonstrated by continued strength of IQOS, which delivered 31% full year organic growth in RRP net revenues. Smoke-free products surpassed 30% of total net revenues in Q4 as we progress towards our ambition of becoming a predominantly smoke-free company by 2025. We are especially pleased by the reacceleration of our business in Q4 to deliver a better-than-expected result. This reacceleration was visible in organic net revenues, IQOS user growth, heated tobacco unit market shares across developed and emerging markets, innovation in devices and consumables and commercial investments and combustible market share.  
IQOS user growth recovered in Q4 to reach an estimated 21.2 million total users, despite ongoing tightness in device supplies in the second half of the year.  
Full year heated tobacco unit shipment volumes grew 25% to reach 95 billion units with broad-based growth for both our volumes and the category across key geographies, with an especially positive rebound in the EU. The growth outlook for IQOS remains very positive with outstanding initial results from IQOS ILUMA in Japan and Switzerland, the only 2 launches so far and growing traction for IQOS VEEV in early launch markets.  
In combustibles, we essentially reached our goal of stable category share in the fourth quarter despite the impact of IQOS cannibalization.  
During the year, we laid the foundation for our long-term growth ambitions beyond nicotine in wellness and health care, including the milestone acquisition of Fertin and Vectura, which provide essential capabilities for future product development. And last, bolstered by strong operating cash flow, we continue to prioritize returns to shareholders through a 4.2% increase in the dividend and ongoing share repurchases.  
Turning to the headline numbers, our full year adjusted net revenues grew organically by 7.6% or 10.3% in dollar terms, including positive currency. This reflects the continued underlying strength of IQOS and the ongoing recovery of the combustible business in many markets compared to the pandemic-affected prior year. Our net revenue per unit grew 5.3% organically driven by the increasing proportion of IQOS in our sales mix and pricing. Combustible pricing was in line with our expectations at 2.7% or around 4%, excluding Indonesia. Our adjusted operating income margin increased by 200 basis points on an organic basis, in line with our expectations, with continued positive effect from the increasing size and profitability of IQOS, pricing and productivity savings.  
Through first half expansion -- although strong and solid expansion was tempered in the second half by the expected initial higher unit cost of IQOS ILUMA, geographic and category expansion investment and the Q4 resumption of consumer programs in a number of markets.  
Our resulting adjusted diluted EPS of $6.08 represents 17.6% growth in dollar terms and 15.3% currency-neutral growth, which is well above our prior guidance as IQOS user growth, the launch of ILUMA and total industry volumes exceeded our expectations.  
Finally, we generated operating cash flow of $12 billion, reflecting excellent underlying cash conversion in addition to strong Q4 business results and certain timing factors. 
Looking at our Q4 performance, net revenues grew by 8.4% organically. This reflects the sequential improvement in IQOS user acquisition, the initial success of ILUMA in Japan and strong overall volumes, including a further recovery in combustibles. We delivered a robust organic net revenue per unit growth of 4.1%, again reflecting our shift in business mix. We achieved this despite softer pricing on combustibles of 1.4% due to the factors flagged previously of continued pandemic-related challenges in certain markets as well as comparison effects in Germany and Australia.  
Our Q4 adjusted operating income margin declined by 10 basis points on an organic basis, primarily due to the same factors mentioned for the second half as accelerating business performance opened more opportunities for investment in future growth. Despite that, our currency-neutral adjusted diluted EPS, again grew strongly by 11.9%, also reflecting a lower interest cost and effective tax rate.  
Turning now to 2022 guidance. After the temporary slowdown in IQOS user growth in the second half of 2021, the device supply situation is gradually improving. While the situation remains fluid, we now expect a more limited impact, allowing us to gradually return to prior rates of user progression over the coming quarters. With the remarkable success of ILUMA in its first market, a number of other innovations planned and promising growth for IQOS in low and middle income markets, our 2022 growth fundamentals are strong, and we look forward to an exciting year.  
We note that the slower user growth in the second half of 2021, particularly in the third quarter, will have an estimated carryover effect on our growth this year of around 4 billion to 5 billion heated tobacco units. This is reflected in our 2022 expectations of 113 million to 118 billion HTU shipment volume. Given this continued growth, we expect our full year HTU shipments to again be ahead of IMS volumes. 
We expect to deliver between 4% and 6% organic net revenue growth, keeping us well on track to deliver our 2021 to 2023 compound annual growth rate target of more than 5%. This range prudently incorporates the continuing uncertainty on full device availability and the pace of the ongoing pandemic recovery. For duty free, we assume no meaningful pickup in Asian travel, but a continued gradual recovery in other geographies.  
We expect our adjusted operating income margin to expand between 50 and 150 basis points as the positive effects of our product transformation continues, despite the expectation of a moderately lower gross margin. This is essentially attributable to temporary ILUMA related factors such as the higher initial weight and cost of TEREA consumables and the cost of devices, which we expect to decrease over the 18 to 24 months post launch as we have experienced in previous -- with previous major innovations.  
We also account for higher logistic costs, where the tremendous uptake of ILUMA in Japan has led to increased use of air freight, investments to grow capacity across our smoke-free platforms and inflation in certain supply chain elements.  
Operating income margin expansion and continued reinvestment in attractive smoke-free growth opportunities and in wellness and healthcare R&D will again be supported by our ongoing efficiency programs. We remain on track to deliver around $2 billion in gross savings by 2023. 
Accordingly, we forecast currency-neutral adjusted diluted EPS growth of 8% to 11%. This translates into an adjusted diluted EPS range of $6.12 to $6.30, including an estimated unfavorable currency impact of around $0.45 at prevailing rates. This is primarily due to translation effects, and this currency impact reflects notably the depreciation of the euro, Japanese yen and Turkish lira versus the dollar. This guidance includes the impact of $785 million of share repurchases made in 2021, which were somewhat restricted by blackout periods. It does not reflect the impact of repurchases in 2022 as we continue to take an opportunistic approach within our target of between $5 billion to $7 billion over 3 years. 
Our guidance also reflects the impact of acquired businesses, which we expect to generate underlying operating income in line with our business plan, but with an operating loss of around $150 million or approximately 1% of adjusted diluted EPS, which we'll come back to explain later.  
As outlined in today's release, there are a number of other assumptions underpinning our outlook. We expect the total industry volume of cigarettes and heated tobacco units, excluding the U.S. and China, to decline between minus 1% and minus 2%. Given our leadership in smoke-free product, the structural growth of the category and its growing proportion in our business, we expect to gain share and target broadly stable total PMI shipment volumes within the range of minus 1% to plus 1%. We assume full year combustible pricing of 3% to 4% with a softer first half and a stronger second half of the year, and this is clearly above 2021 levels. The pricing environment is improving but still challenged in certain markets with ongoing pandemic related impacts.  
Our balance sheet is strong. We delivered excellent operating cash flow of $12 billion in 2021, reflecting robust underlying cash conversion in addition to favorable timing and one-off impact of around $0.5 billion. With further strong organic profit growth expected in 2022, we expect to generate around $11 billion of operating cash flow, subject to year-end working capital requirements and after accounting for the reversal of timing benefits and using prevailing exchange rates.  
As a result, we raise our 2021 to '23 operating cash flow target communicated at the February 2021 Investor Day at then prevailing rates from around $35 billion to the range of $36 billion to $37 billion. We also expect full year capital expenditures of around $1 billion, reflecting increased capacity investment behind our smoke-free platforms, including ILUMA, and enhancing our digital commercial engine in addition to certain projects which were delayed due to the pandemic.  
Lastly, looking specifically to the first quarter of 2022, we expect adjusted diluted EPS of $1.50 to $1.55, including $0.15 of unfavorable currency at prevailing rates. We expect robust organic top line growth and operating margins comparisons, which reflect both a very strong prior year quarter, which benefited from a high level of productivity savings and relatively low levels of investment and the Q1 of 2022 dynamics of increased device sales, commercial investments, ILUMA-related costs and increases in some inputs such as freight. 
Let me now hand over to Emmanuel, who will give you more details of our performance in 2021.

Thank you, Emmanuel. Overall, we are very pleased to have delivered excellent growth in last year in 2021 with a strong underlying momentum for IQOS as well as a record adjusted EPS, net revenues and cash generation. The consistent quality and sustainability of our organic top and bottom line delivery has been clearly demonstrated over the last 2 years, which I believe we all acknowledge were pretty turbulent years. With an improving outlook for device supply, although still there's an element of fragility, the exceptional initial success of ILUMA and the number of innovations and growth initiatives, we look forward to 2022 with a tremendous excitement.  
At the same time, we're building -- we will be building our development capabilities in wellness and healthcare through targeted investment in order to support the next driver of our long-term growth. 
Our balance sheet is strong, and we have increased cash returns to shareholders through a higher dividend and our share repurchase program, in line with our objective to deliver sustainable value and returns to investors as we continue our smoke-free transformation. In short, we continue to see a bright future for our business. Following a very strong 2021, we remain confident in our '21 to '23 growth targets and in our ambition to be majority smoke-free by net revenues in 2025.  
Thank you all for your attention. Emmanuel and myself will be happy to answer your questions.

I think, Emmanuel.

Yes. So Bonnie, yes, we are working on the -- bringing the manufacturing capacity for IQOS on the U.S. territory. And that's our main mitigation plan or reaction plan to where we are today post the ITC event. As we said, we think that, somewhere at the beginning of the next year, we should be in a position to resume the shipments in the U.S. 
As to we and Altria is very clear disclosed, we have some disagreement with regards whether Altria has fulfilled the certain milestones in the current contract, and we're currently in negotiations or discussions with Altria how to resolve it. And so I believe in a good faith, we should be finding some solutions. I wouldn't go now beyond speculating what other options and how we would approach the IQOS going forward in the U.S. I mean, our partner results, and I think, we should seek some amicable solution between both partners. 
Now I have said it on a number of occasions in the U.S. market is as a few other markets in which we have a very negligible presence, are of strategic importance. So obviously, you've heard us in the past, I believe, that the pre-ITC ruling IQOS performance in U.S. and you know how we performed -- with IQOS across all essential geographies. I mean it's really well below what I would expect at this stage or characterize as the potential of IQOS. And if I take into this the fact that this is the only inhalable FDA authorized product. You don't really have a competition, and the size of the market, et cetera, I think it's fair to say that the expectations were much beyond where we are today. But I will stop here and I believe we will find a good resolution, which will, on the one hand, enable American smokers, cigarette smokers to have access to the technology, and also something which will be accretive to us or the partners' results there.

Yes. Look, the Q4, reacceleration or coming back to the previous user growth is highly encouraging. It just confirmed that IQOS has that ability of a continued growth. Obviously, it very much hinges on the fact that where we have unrestricted access or availability of the devices. And remember IQOS today is -- our heat-not-burn propositions, which we have today consist of the few versions of IQOS blade product. 
I should mention LIL product is coming through through our partnership with KT&G and IQOS ILUMA. And all of that altogether create certain portfolio of proposition for the various targets in the various consumers growth. So we regain a little bit of a flexibility of recomposing the full portfolio in Q4. And hence, in Europe -- we have all seen the spectacular regain in user acquisition. 
It is somehow reflected in our 4% to 6% growth target and the heated tobacco unit target for this year, that for how many months or for how many weeks in a year, we think we can have unrestricted access to the full product portfolio of the devices very much. I believe that actually IQOS can fly higher if we're in the unrestricted mode, but somehow in the forecast for the next year, we should have clear, bigger scenario, which is maybe more on the moderate side, et cetera. 
If this was the -- if we wouldn't have all these constraints coming from a device as a couple of other things in the supply chain, I believe we would be looking at a different number. But at this stage, it's difficult to start baking this into something which we think we can deliver. 
So I think I'm saying that IQOS has a higher potential of that growth rate. But we really have to be in the moment when we can go unconstrained. Needless to say that part of our growth is coming from Asia region. And although European Union, western part of the world if you like, seems like it's leaving COVID behind, we're still not at this stage in Japan and a few other locations. So we also have to start factoring this in. But I'm very optimistic that we can deliver 2022 and, frankly speaking, knowing how much headwind we need to take on our chest in 2022, I start looking actually excited about the '23.

Well, there is, but the whole process is -- I think it deserves a separate conversations about the patent laws and the processes around this whole thing and unfortunately, we have to work with -- cope with this. I mean even if we prevail on the invalidation of some patents, obviously, the other party, in this case, they have a right to appeal. So the whole process is really extended in time. And by -- you need another couple of years, frankly speaking, until you have -- one of the parties actually can claim the full victory. Then you have to go to the ITC and establish the restrictions, if you like, which are now imposed on us. 
I think the fastest -- absent any other resolutions, right, the fastest route back to the U.S. is through activating there our domestic capacity and resupplying the market from that. And then it might be that later on, we are unconstrained, which means that the U.S. market could be supplied from the both international and from the domestic. But I think the near-term opportunity for us is to go the route which we discussed.

Yes. So we're looking for, as we said, we're looking at the 3% to 4% pricing variance this year, which is better, stronger than the last year. I think some Asian geographies, due to the variety of factors are still presumably driving us lower on what we think we could have normally realized a bit, comparing at least to the historical trends we had there. Indonesia, you're absolutely rightly pointed out, is on the negative. 
Although the tax increases, which the industry has to pass on, I mean, gives some hope that we can end up with the -- that maybe Indonesia can return to the pricing that is an important component of the growth there. But we also have to take it from the considerations of impact of COVID, the volumes and presumably talking more about the Philippines. We will see how much of this thing we can unwind in 2022. And having -- reaching the benefits in '22 and how much we can build at a good pace for '23. It's going in the right direction, but a bit of a more is needed. 
The last of the pricing environment, okay, is always difficult to predict. But as we characterize it's improving on all other geographies. And we have a pretty good visibility at this stage, obviously, about the taxes that is in the major volume or profit market. Emmanuel in his part of the remarks, was talking about this, more and more countries are taking to the multiyear approach, which always gives us better visibility and planning around. 
As you know, in some countries, the tax increases cannot be passed into consumers in 1 step. You need to have some preparatory, take some pricing before some pricing after -- so it is going into the right direction, especially if we take it in a context that every country, every market is having a huge pressure on the public finances due to the COVID situation, et cetera. So I think we -- I mean, have so far navigated pretty well there.

Yes. So -- but you might have -- might remember that from the very beginning of ILUMA, I was personally very excited about that innovation. And I am so happy that it delivers all my expectations, actually, if not even beating by expectations. So I will continue, if you allow me, to do enthusiastic voice. ILUMA does generate, obviously, the IQOS user, Blade product users, they appreciate the benefit of ILUMA, the first moment, you have it in your hands and you have your fist experience. And the response from the consumers in Japan is phenomenal. 
Obviously, first ILUMA goes to the existing users, but we also already having a benefit of existing IQOS users switching to ILUMA because they have uninterrupted consumption during every moment of day when they wish or they're willing to use the product. And this also has an impact on the volumes. In other sense, if I give you the device, which is much more intuitive to use, reliable, much, much, much more reliable, you will have a tendency to increase the consumption versus what you have on a Blade, which on other occasions failed to allow for having that experience. So that's a very good thing. 
Second thing is ILUMA, after all of these initial months, we observed a very solid higher level of conversions. And if you know, it is a very important component in the business model. I have many devices, will fully convert smokers -- combustible smokers. How many of them will stay because it releases the pressure going forward also on the margins, et cetera. 
And the third one is at this stage, if I remember the number correctly, about 20% of the user of the ILUMA cells is coming from the people who are never in the category, not in IQOS. And also what I started serving recent or we started serving recently, ILUMA also start taking back users who have temporarily migrated from IQOS to competitive products. So in whatever aspect of performance of ILUMA look like, it really delivers on every axis. 
So the question is again, and I know that for some might be boring, do we have availability of the devices? And can we continue supplying the market and the rest? I believe so far, so far is really going in the right direction.

Well, we essentially, in most or in all markets, we maintain the same sort of a positioning of IQOS today versus the combustible reference point. As you know, most of the tax expense actually have that conversion mechanism baked in. So if there is a tax increase on a combustible somehow proportionally this triggers the increase on the heated tobacco units, which translates that the consumer price gap is essentially untouched. 
We obviously complement, depending on the market situation, our portfolio, for example, KT&G, the real proposition. And I think it works very nicely, especially in the geographies when IQOS reaches the levels which are above, for example, premium -- equivalent of the premium price segment in the combustible market. 
So we need to take affordability to the equation as well. So instead of doing something about the pricing of IQOS and the heat. We're actually expanding the portfolio to the below, but also to the above in some geographies when we think there is a best premium versus IQOS versus heat, is the opportunity. We did it very successfully in Russia and in a few European markets. 
So I think the whole thing is that the broader we have a portfolio of horizontally from a price perspective and vertically from taste, flavor, et cetera, perspective, we're increasingly creating more attractiveness for the cigarette smokers to switch to heat-not-burn.

Now actually, I think that, if you like it, allow me the tech language, it was more on the user interface rather than anything else. I don't think the past -- the number of the market test, the proposition, the eligibility of the propositions in terms of the -- is the better alternative to smoking and everything goes there. The issue actually pertains to the heat source. As you remember, the design at the very end of the cigarette-like looking product, you have the heat source, which requires lighting, okay? 
And this was -- to face open this from the paper cup lighten this. And that is the question, how you extinguish the product, right, because you need to pay attention how you extinguish the product. And this was actually in our opinion, what the consumers' opinion actually, not leading to that adoption levels, which we would wish to have, and especially comparing our experience from other platforms and the mainly P1 platform. 
So I think we reached the moment of the design of that product and this part of the technology around the heat source and operating, asking the consumers, how the interact and operate around this whole thing led us to the conclusion that we are -- think that design component we shut down. And I think still the proposition makes sense, is understood by the consumer, has the potential, but we cannot offer the product to the consumers, which they will not find convenient to use. And the convenience is the middle name of what the consumers want these days, and I think, we need to deliver on this one, especially that our ambitions would be to also leverage the equity, which we build around the IQOS, and IQOS cannot afford calling the product, which has this one. 
So I think we will come back 1 day to the P2. From the very beginning, you may recall, our annual Investors Day when we start talking about the vision of growing smoke-free and how many platforms will be needed to compare the 1 billion smokers worldwide. This is a proposition which is more for the -- more conservative audience. The people who really don't want to completely walk away from the ritual and experience which the combustible cigarettes are delivering. So I think in terms of our growth prospects for the near item I don't think it's that much of an issue. That we will be working on that by using a different approach to the design and the technology going forward. So I hope it answers your question, Vivien.

Well, I think there will be an investment for the next few years, not a couple but a few years, which we are willing to do. I think if you stay with us and wait until the CAGNY when we will give you more insight of what we have, what is our thinking about is beyond nicotine wellness and healthcare business because then we will be in a position to show which products, concrete products or programs we're willing to go after what is the size of an opportunity and what sort of investment is in terms. But I think the number which we gave for this year, for 2022 in the guidance, about the ballpark sort of the investment, which we will be calling for the couple of years.

Yes. I would leave the U.S. aside for a second. I think nicotine pouches can play a very important role in if you like the smoking smokers, okay? They demonstrated their variability that has that proposition in many markets. Initially, we're essentially taking share as we acquire this. And after remaking of the product and the packaging, et cetera, we'll go in the market when there was some sales of Shiro. Obviously, not very high, but we start where we already were present. And we build on this. As always, in our innovations we will look at the consumers' feedback. See what else we have to improve, and we also have some product pipelines behind the initial offering of Shiro, which we now could accelerate to the large extent, thanks to the acquisition of Fertin. 
Now Fertin gives us much broader opportunities than just the pouches. Because Fertin sits on the very interesting delivery systems in -- for the oral delivery. And we know that Fertin is the manufacturer of the nicotine replacement therapies like the gums, nicotine gums, but they also have interesting other technologies. 
So we will be thinking. We start with the pouches, but I think over a period of time, not 2022, I think, the oral way of delivering nicotine as a substitute to smoking is actually a very attractive opportunity, which we are very excited to start working on. So we will go into the geographies, obviously, when pouches are not present today. I mean, as you know, we have a geographical footprint in addition to this 70-plus markets where they have acquired quite a meaningful IQOS infrastructure. 
You're talking the shops, you're talking digital, you're having all the CRM, commerce -- consumer engagement. I believe we can start adding to that our portfolio of the propositions to smokers to the oral category -- broader oral category than just the pouches. So we focus this year on the pouches. We  will be extending the presence. But I think that is more than just the pouches and therefore, very pleased that we concluded the acquisition of Fertin because it gives us -- it accelerates our development by a quite good few years, which otherwise we would have to take organically.

I think I answered that question to Bonnie. U.S. is a very attractive market, and I believe it is of the strategic importance to us. And I do believe that in the market of the size of the U.S., we need to have all platforms, frankly speaking, because of the 1 platform which can which can guarantee the full success or full seizing of an opportunity. So ultimately, yes. But our focus today is somewhere else.

Yes. So the price elasticity is always the concern, and as we know very well, sometimes this price elasticity on the tobacco nicotine product is elevated due to the pressures or income pressures on the consumers. So we're now having that situation in a few markets that consumers have a pressure on the income. I mean I believe some of these pressures will unwind as the COVID will be becoming a sort of the past and I don't think it's anything systemic. 
It's very interesting, you're asking this question because if we look in the market where were taking pricing on cigarettes and on the HeatSticks and the market has a pretty robust set of data from the price increases. I think today, products like IQOS or alternatives to smoking tends to have a better elasticity -- price elasticity than the conventional cigarette. And as you know, I guess, very well, the price elasticity on cigarettes underscored by other factors was pretty attractive, and this was a part of the building as a business model. And actually, at this stage, looks an alternative even for the -- not high but better elasticity than a combustible cigarette. 
Separately, not from the elasticity perspective, but from the pure affordability perspective, we were already pretty successful with IQOS in the so-called low middle income countries. But we also know that in order to make the more significant inroads. We need to come with the proposition, which directly addresses the need or below-need price, low price segment. And we will not leave the smokers behind or alone. And before the end of this year, we are having the plans to test another technology which would allow for the both devices and consumables to be more accessible from an affordability perspective, while there is harm-reduction potential as IQOS, as we know it today. So we're taking those things into the very serious consideration. So thank you for your question.

Well, this was a call longer than expected, but we also delivered the results last year better than we expected. So I think somehow we match it. Thank you very much for your attention. We invite you to our CAGNY presentation, which will be in a position to give the more light, more details on the few aspects like what we discussed today, wellness, healthcare, but also how we look in a much broader terms, the development of these categories. And I think you could feel in our -- my voice and Emmanuel's voice how excited we are that '21, we delivered in that shape and form. And despite the number of headwinds, which I believe we articulate pretty well, we're still looking into the very successful and rewarding for both of us 2022. So thank you very much for your attention, and hope to see most of you, if not all, during our CAGNY presentation. Thank you, all.