Yes. I'll give you the first shot. I still believe, over the next 3 years, Bonnie, as I said many times, that heated tobacco technology will be the prevailing technology because it has the highest ability in terms of taste and satisfaction to convert people. 
Now in terms of segmentation, I believe, in most markets, we will need 1 or 2 heat-not-burn technologies, if I stay with this segment, and probably 2 to 3, over time, consumable price segment, so we can cover mostly the vast majority of the market. There will be exclusions where you need to cover 4 price segments with probably 2 technologies. And we'll talk next week about the next step in technology for aerosolization in heat-not-burn, which will address many of the pain points consumers have today. 
Now clearly, the heated tobacco product is one category. I think that's the fastest growth, both in terms of revenue and bottom line and volume. The second is obviously e-vapor. We are entering this market because I believe there is consumers there that want to switch trade to these products. There is a lot of dual users, and we see also dual users between heat-not burn and e-vapor that, obviously, we would like to capture. I think we can also capture consumers for other e-vapor products. 
The key there is clearly to leverage the infrastructure and the brand name of IQOS. I think the product is very good, and that's the first reactions we get, but we need to build equity because that's a problem for the category, as you know, and also consumer loyalty because for the economics to be at best for e-vapor, you don't only need to be premium positioned, but you also need to have loyal consumers because if you discount just products and you sell them, and then a consumer has 10 different products from 10 different competitors and consumes half a cartridge of your product per week, it's very difficult to make the turn and, more importantly, it's very difficult to maintain an infrastructure. 
Now we have the advantage of having a lot of infrastructure with IQOS that we can leverage. The equity of IQOS is undeniably the best in the RRP, so I think that's helpful. Technology is good. We are premium, so I think we can make inroads in this category. 
And then obviously, we were also going to expand in the pure nicotine products like nicotine pouches or the P3 over time, although I think this is more occasional use products or non-predominant use products. So that's a little bit -- and again, sorry to cut this here, but we're going to elaborate this more -- in more -- extensively next week, okay?

Okay. First of all, this is a plan, and there are many positive aspects also in this plan in my view. 
First of all, we don't talk about taxes. I mean, this is subject to directives. The tobacco excise directive that governs the excise tax and the tobacco product directive, that is the regulation of the products, okay? 
The first is the tobacco side directive today does not foresee reduced risk product category, so it has to be amended under all circumstances, okay? And we're not talking about increases. It's creating a framework under which member states can tax. 
Our view is that absence of combustion, for example, is a key criteria on how to tax differently cigarettes to other products. And then within that major cliff of change in toxicity and exposure, member states can have different tax rates for these products. But this product should not be, by any means, higher than any combustible category available, okay, as a minimum criteria. But this has to happen. 
Nobody said that taxes will increase or hit the tobacco products, frankly speaking, at this stage or in vapor product, okay? So all this has to be defined, and the discussions are going to start in the course of this year and continue in next year, in any case. 
So that's for -- and then the tobacco product directive been served, I hope that there will be a bit more regulatory clarity in there regarding RRPs because -- and e-vapor product because just now, we left it up to the member state to regulate, which, frankly speaking, is not harmonizing a directive, one; and secondly is a pain for all the industry participants because every country has a different regulation. And we always advocated serious regulation on these products, provided that this is differentiated from cigarettes, okay? 
Now there are voices that say that these products should be the same thing as cigarettes. But at the end of the day, it was very clear also in the cancer plan that all -- in the Q&A that only based on science and evidence, they will take decisions. So I wouldn't be particularly worried about this at this stage. And I think the outcome may be positive actually because it's an opportunity to discuss all these things.
Now in the longer term, we discussed very often, I believe tax differentials will be maintained because it makes sense for public health, it makes sense for the consumers. And as we also explained, we have room even to pass taxes if, by any chance, differentials close somehow because IQOS, also in order to pass part of the tax benefit to the consumers, it's mid-price position, essentially, if you take the weighted average of the countries, number one. 
And number two, its price productivity is much, much higher than cigarettes, so passing on a tax is triggering less price increase than passing on tax on cigarettes. So that's in a nutshell the way we should look at it, but we have to assume that excise taxes will increase over time also for RRPs as governments need money, and that will apply to heated tobacco products that's already taxed substantially and, potentially, in some cases, to e-vapor products in the future. But that's all baked in, in the assumptions.

No, we don't envisage this. Not in the -- I mean if our partner wants to sell one day, we can discuss. At the moment, they're very happy with us.

Okay. First of all, we didn't say we will take less pricing. We will also -- where is pricing opportunity, we'll take pricing, and I think the model still works very well. Elasticities are the same, everything. 
We had to make some, in my view, reasonable, conservative, you may say, assumptions regarding what's going to happen in Indonesia and Russia because of the tax increase. And Indonesia has never got it carryover from last year, which makes the comparisons year-to-year problematic, okay? Plus, in Germany, we had a VAT, I would say, tax break, which we assume is not going to continue this year. So if you exclude all these elements, I think we're still back to a normal pricing in the other markets. 
So clearly, in terms of post-COVID, I would say, assumptions, we have to watch more carefully the price gaps, that's clear, at the mid- to low end of the market, but that doesn't mean that we're going to take any severe pricing decisions at this stage anywhere. I just -- this is a watch out. 
If there is down trading, which is happening between the mid-price typically and the low-price segment, also because we have absence of contraband and all these things, that's something to watch in certain markets. But overall, I think we're in good shape. 
Also both on IQOS, on heat-not-burn products and combustible, the excise taxes are now in, if I'm not mistaken, everywhere. So we have pretty good visibility of where we are, okay? So I don't think it's super COVID related. What is COVID related in the guidance is the range we gave because if you look, Adam, at what happened last year, if we assume 2% to 3% underlying industry decline, even baking in Indonesia, we had a 6.7% industry decline. 
So we're missing consumption for mathematically 3.7%to 4.7%. That's on average, $100 billion for the industry. So we don't -- that will rebound, in my view, one day, but once the restrictions finish. 
Now we gave a guidance for this year of 0 to minus 3, which is at 0, you have some recovery. At minus 3, you have super underlying negativity, maybe exaggerated. I don't know at this stage, but that's plus/minus 20 billion units for us. So that's plus/minus 2.5 revenue points. 
So that's where the volatility is, okay? And if pricing comes better in Russia and Indonesia, that much the better. We may end up at the high end of the range.

I wouldn't say conservative, but it's not bullish either, okay? I mean, I understand what you are saying, but we're at the beginning of the year, okay? Many things can happen regarding COVID because it's not finished. 
So last year, as Emmanuel said, we had more than $150 million exceptional expenses because of COVID, okay? So you need to put some cushion in the bottom line regarding unexpected costs. And if we have a rebound, I would call, not a very gradual recovery, we may need to invest a bit more money towards the end of the year to accelerate acquisition. You can physically do that. If we physically can't, then clearly, the money will go to the bottom line. 
So at this stage, we gave this range, okay, which, by the way, if the dollar stays where it is, it's not bad at all because it's 14% to 16%, and the revenue line would be 8% to 11%, which will be phenomenal, I would say. So I don't think this is conservative. It's just I don't have a crystal ball to foresee everything that's happening in every month of this year, okay? We're still not in normal situation. That's all. So I understand and -- but -- and it's just how I can further explain.

Any case, I would love to be conservative and as the quarters unfold, we'll get more. But I think I gave the parameters. 
The pricing, that still can come more favorable. That goes straight to the bottom line. If we have bit more combustible, that's fine. It goes to the bottom line, but we have to assume that. So as the quarters pass, we will give you better outlook.

Yes. I mean, thank you all for joining. I think we had a rather complicated 2020, but the results came out much better than I would have thought when we were talking for the first time in March. 
I think we look at a very good recovery in relative terms in '21. IQOS continues to grow strongly. The momentum is excellent, in my view, and we will see some rebound, hopefully, in cigarette volumes in the next 1 to 2 years. I would love to see positive total market maybe in '22. 
And we look forward to sharing with you more on the long-term growth and more on understanding the profitability of IQOS in -- next week, actually. So have a very good day, and thank you for listening to us.