Chris, it's Jacek. Not really, if you look at the down trading type of a pressure, we still don't see really an acceleration of the tracks, right? So obviously, we see the Indonesia, Philippines under pressure. But it's not much really changed versus what we have seen before. 
Now one could argue that in some geographies that the inflation has a bit of a lagging sort of evolution but nothing today. And you could see also from the shows of Marlboro, right, that we will look pretty strong on the premium proposition, okay? Despite the fact that we're taking the pricing and there will be pricing -- more pricing to come.

Yes. So -- I mean what stands behind the success of IQOS is really the front-end consumer interface, right? That's the commercialization aspect, which makes -- is one of the key elements of IQOS success, which we measure as the highest in tender rates of conversion and adoption of IQOS and therefore, switching from cigarettes. Swedish Match doesn't have it, right? So Swedish Match is the component of the sales force, which is essentially in store execution, the IQOS success hinges on that business-to-consumer component. 
So in above scenario, obviously, that's the investment, which is front of us, but vis-a-vis a great -- the market size in the profitability pool. So Swedish Match adds the component of the sales force, which is the in-store execution. Obviously, it would be nice to have them, but this is not something which is unique in a sense that -- but you cannot make it or attain it organically, for example, okay? Or other options can be at the table as well. 
The uniqueness of an IQOS is again is the commercial -- engine commercial activations. If you follow us closer, we have spent enormous effort in -- behind the consumer journey and automating, digitalizing, all touch points with the consumers. And that's the value which we will be bringing. We'll have to invest, but the know-how is on our side.

Well, we have asked for some understanding, they're not getting the questions on the Swedish Match deal, like the fact of life is, it is SEK 116 and the 90% acceptance level, okay? And this is where we see the value of Swedish Match, the maximum of the value to Swedish Match today, and I will not comment beyond this whole fact. I think it is a fair market price. Fair valuation of the company for the both group of the shareholders, PMI shareholders, Swedish Match shareholders, both long term and short term, and we will not comment beyond this one.

Yes. I mean, look, directionally you're right. I mean, obviously, building the infrastructure looking from a scratch requires several hundred thousands of employees. Now in the scheme of the 80,000 employees, which PMI has, no, it's not the first time  that we're building an organization from scratch. And you're absolutely right that the initial years, couple of years will be on the loss as frankly speaking we had with IQOS in every country which we enter and if you following us closely, that we have achieved on markets, the faster path to the breakeven that we had in the year 1 or 2 of our smoke-free journey versus what we're achieving today. So it's a ton of learnings, it's tremendous learning and capability in our organization. I call the internal know-how and the systems, et cetera, which we don't have to reinvent again. So we know pretty well the blueprint. 
A lot of things have been attached, et cetera. So U.S. market will enjoy your leverage that sort of the things. So we'll -- summer next year will come with the more visibility on how we see the spending in the path. I think in the release, we have said that the most logical based on our experience and the success on international most logical milestone near term, so let's say, 2030 [indiscernible] points of the market, which if we see where we are in other places and what we achieved 6 years after I to date versus now I had the 6 years plus/minus to the current 2030, 10%, I think we will execute accordingly. We have a manual increase -- the remarks made it very clear. We'll fully stand behind, including monitory and the human resources to deliver the success is well overdue success of IQOS in the U.S.

The case which we have with ITC case with -- started by BAT is with regards to the IQOS 3.0 -- ILUMA is in a completely different path.

Yes. So regards to the confidence, Bonnie, is that look, this confidence beyond the IQOS is growing every year, every quarter. I mean you see the results on the international markets and we have the market, when we slower markets, when we faster. But the potential for IQOS, the heat-not-burn is there, okay? So -- if we look at the U.S., I don't think -- I cannot find the reasons. But in the U.S., we cannot replicate to come close to the success of international. 
And the 10%, if you like, the first double-digit number, which we are obtaining after 6 years in any other geographies and taking into considerations that U.S. starting with IQOS free that we will be also working to bring faster the IQOS ILUMA to the U.S. and our international success has been built on IQOS 2.4, 2.4-plus. 
So the U.S. is starting the journey with IQOS, the much better moment from a product perspective of our capability perspective, understanding this entire category that we've been in our international markets. So this is what the confidence is coming from. And the second question regards the Marlboro, IQOS [indiscernible] in Japan is now by X factor bigger than the HeatSticks Marlboro. 
And this was the last market, which we still have been using a Marlboro trademark of our heat-not-burn consumables. And as you know, at the very beginning, 6 or so years ago in a few markets, I recall it was Switzerland and Italy, we started with Marlboro and very early in the journey, we have almost overnight, we branded the [indiscernible] dropped the Marlboro from the brand, from the proposition. And I actually believe that we have a Marlboro International, and this is a great brand, but on cigarettes. 
And I have no doubt today that we are on the path that we can make IQOS as iconic brand on a global basis as in the past would have made Marlboro. So I don't see this as an patent in bottom neck in our strategy in the U.S.

So thank you very much for your attention. We're very happy that we spend an hour with you, especially in this very important moment for us that our key strategy focus over the last good few months, if not longer, is how to find much more clear and predictable path to the U.S. has been achieved towards the -- achieving the deal with Altria and regaining the full control of IQOS. So we're very happy that you spend an hour with us today. Thank you.