Thank you, Nick, and welcome, everyone. I hope you are all safe and well. Recent months have been extremely challenging for many of us given the tragic events related to the war in Ukraine. I would like to express our sadness and solidarity for the people of Ukraine. 
Our primary concern is for our employees and their families, and we have been doing everything we can to support them with 3 priorities. First, evacuating our colleagues. We have evacuated over 1,000 colleagues and family members from the country and supported more than 2,700 hours to move from conflict zones to locations away from the heaviest fighting. Second, we are delivering critical aids to people that cannot leave or who decided to remain in Ukraine. And third, we are providing accommodation, immediate assistance and a path forward to those who left the country. 
In addition, we have already contributed around $10 million in funds and donated essential items across the country directly to humanitarian organization and through our own employee-led initiative, Projects with a Heart. This includes providing medicine, food, clothes and a variety of other items to our colleagues and to the broader population; the purchase of 25 ambulances and the setup of a mobile hospital. Based on our current visibility, we estimate an additional cost of around $25 million for additional support to employees this year. 
Our colleagues in neighboring countries continue to provide vital support to all people arriving from Ukraine to seek refuge. Our heartfelt gratitude goes to everyone involved in this generous efforts to help at such a difficult time. 
In terms of the impact on our business operations, the production at our Ukraine manufacturing facility in Kharkiv remains suspended. While business activities in Eastern Ukraine have been mostly heavily impacted, we have seen some resumptions in areas where conditions allow as we seek to maximize product availability and service to consumers using existing inventories on hand. We are also now planning to import products from other manufacturing location, although this may involve higher costs. 
We continue to pay salaries to all our Ukrainian employees and to provide substantial in-kind support to them and their families. As communicated in our March 24 press release, PMI's Board of Directors and senior executive team are working on options to exit the Russian market in an orderly manner in the context of a complex and rapidly changing regulatory and operating environment. This is no easy task in view of recently introduced complex legislation, but we are committed to seeking a viable path to exit the market while supporting our employees in Russia for this period. 
It is also clear that we cannot continue business as usual in light of regulatory and supply chain disruption, which has already impacted the Russian business in Q1. We have taken concrete steps to scale back our operations such as the cancellation of all new investments and product launches, including IQOS ILUMA and IQOS VEEV. We are delisting 25% of our cigarette products, including Marlboro and Parliament SKUs. We have also canceled $150 million investment in capacity to ultimately manufacture more than 20 billion TEREA sticks for IQOS ILUMA in our Russian factory.  
Clearly, the impact of the conflict has also created disruption in global supply chains and exacerbated inflationary pressures in certain materials and services. However, the Q1 performance and outlook for our business, excluding Russia and Ukraine, remains strong. On a reported basis, our outlook conservatively assumes no further contribution from Russia or Ukraine from April 1. To provide a consistent view given the uncertainty and volatility of these 2 markets, we will now also provide adjusted results and guidance on a pro forma basis, excluding Russia and Ukraine from both the prior and full current year. 
I will now hand over to Emmanuel to cover this in more detail.

Thank you, Emmanuel. Despite the challenges in Russia and Ukraine, we have delivered an excellent start to the year with a strong recovery in IQOS user growth, an exceptional initial results from the groundbreaking innovation of IQOS ILUMA. As we covered recently at CAGNY, we have a rich pipeline of further smoke-free innovations to expand and grow across new and existing categories and geographies. 
Our combustible business is now stabilizing category share despite the impact of IQOS cannibalization, which allows us to accelerate further switching of smokers to better alternatives. 
We also continue to invest for long-term growth through the development of innovative wellness and health care products, which seeks to deliver a net positive impact on society. Our 2022 fundamentals are strong, with a pro forma expectation of 4.5% to 6.5% organic net revenue growth and 9% to 11% currency-neutral adjusted diluted EPS growth. Despite the significant inflationary pressures and disruptions in the global supply chain affecting first half and the full year, we also expect our organic operating income margin to expand to up by 100 basis points. 
In addition, we have taken the conservative assumption in our reported guidance of no further contribution from Russia or Ukraine from April 1. Overall, we are very confident in the near- and midterm growth outlook and remain committed to sustainably rewarding shareholders over time as we continue our transformation. 
Thank you. And we are now happy to answer your questions.

That's correct. We're just talking for the entire year, the volumes from Russia and Ukraine. But then obviously, for the Q1, we recognize what have been sold in above geographies, which is this 5 billion. Therefore, on a pro forma for the full year, excluding Russia and Ukraine, we're looking into 88 billion to 92 billion. But if you add back the 5 billion, which we already sold during the first period, the first quarter, I mean, the effect translates to 93 billion, 97 billion, which would assume or is assuming that there is no further sales of IQOS as of April 1 in neither Russia nor in Ukraine.

Okay. So the first quarter shipments of the devices, on the one hand, yes, you're absolutely right, this contributes to the better rev, to the growth of revenue. But remember that the devices are putting a pressure on the margins, right? So that's the story between the devices and the impact on one hand on the revenue than the margins. 
The big impact, which we expect to have in Q2 is on the supply of the shipments of the consumables, so the HeatSticks and TEREA. And as a result, among other constraints on the supply chain of stopping the investment in Russia, we need to resource that missing capacity to other locations, and it will take us a while. And therefore, we expect that we will go lower with the inventories in Japan, mainly Japan, in order to ensure on the manufacturing side, the proper resourcing we will have when we expect quite a robust growth on IMS and the market share. 
And I think Emmanuel on the slide have indicated that we should think that we're aiming at the 24%, around 24% market share for the quarter in Japan. So it's nothing on the consumer level on the offtake level, but we need to do these operations through the inventories in order to resume to the normal course of shipments in the Q3 and Q4. And hence, this will drive the better performance, a stronger performance in the second half than the first half, which will be what we estimate to be impacted by the Q2 difference in a shipment. 
Now with regards to the devices, I mean, we -- there is this continuous sale of the devices in the excluded geographies, right? So it's not that we stopped selling. We stopped recognizing this whole thing due to the visibility and other factors, what is happening in Russia and Ukraine. But in reality, we need to keep at least the replacement devices, right? So it's not that you can take the volume out of Russia and Ukraine and to redirect them to other locations. 
We do have -- actually getting better and better, but not perfect visibility with regards to the device supplies. And do you remember, we've been very cautious about this as of second half of last year. And the moment when we had the better order fulfillment and also better visibility with regards to the future orders for this year, we feel more confident about how we can realize the -- fully realize the opportunity of IQOS. So that looks okay. It's not perfect, but I don't want to mislead anybody. It's not perfect, but it's better than, say, at the beginning of the year. 
And you saw it at the moment that we regained some have almost full-fledged availability of devices, how IQOS could accelerate its growth for the user acquisition and the market share progressions in Q1. So we know that we have it, but everything hinges on a continuity and undisturbed, uninterrupted supplies of both devices and HeatSticks.

We'll continue with the geographical and portfolio expansion of IQOS in the existing and the new geographies. And obviously, this we confronted with all the supply chain constraints and availability of devices, et cetera. So I mean we all know this. 
The good way or one of the way maybe to look at the '23 targets, I believe you referred to the absolute volume target for IQOS is that, okay, let's assume that we don't have -- the lowest assumptions you can make is that we will not realize any further sales as of April 1 in the -- of Russia and in Ukraine. And that's essentially the floor of that thing. 
Where do we land? I think everyone will appreciate, we need a little bit of time to really have the full visibility what is happening or what we will do with our business and you know our intentions about the exiting the Russia and also what's the -- or whatever might be the longer-term outlook for Ukraine, et cetera. There will be a bend in absolute numbers, there's no questions about it. The way I look into this whole thing, we may be in a situation that will deliver this target but with about a 12-month delay. 
I mean, I am not in a position -- my thinking does not change the target. Just recognize that you may need a little bit of additional time to deliver on this target. All other parameters, the relative growth targets being the top line, bottom line and the relative growth of the -- or relative contribution, which is a very important target for us, of the noncombustible to combustible business, they remain as we have said before. And on that one, I'm confident we should be in a position to deliver this one. 
But in absolute volume, yes. I mean we might have missed but the way again -- sorry for repetition, I look at this, maybe I need a 12 months more to deliver the same target for other geographies and organic growth in existing geographies.

Yes. I think your question was -- sorry, because we want to catch up the sentence. Your question was we can expect the same dynamics of the user acquisition, right, going forward?

Okay. So look, I mean the 1 million, above 1 million acquisition this quarter, which already goes sequentially about close to the 1 million acquisition, the Q4, I mean, that's directly correlated to our availability of the device, to the availability of devices and a full portfolio of devices. As you know, we also play now the different price segments gains. We have a more expensive devices, mid-priced devices, lower-priced devices. 
So as long as we have availability of devices, I actually think that number should -- we should repeat the same sort of the rate if not actually higher because you could see from the conversion perspective and the like, consumer liking measured by NPS and other parameters, what we're offering today really is meeting the consumer expectation. 
So there's also bridging somehow to the -- before the question, that once we see the visibility on the devices, right, in the next quarter or so, and all the dynamics which we can achieve outside the Russia and Ukraine, then we would be in a position to revise what actually we will deliver in a year from now in terms of a total IQOS volume.

I think that device mix, we're talking that we're signing up 3, as of now, 3 versions of IQOS ILUMA. You have a premium, mid and the lower price. Lower price was just introduced now to the market to the consumers. So obviously, in the shipments, we already had them in the Q1, right, because this is all recognized on the shipment. 
And second is that these devices, I mean, the ILUMA ONE, which is the lowest price device, goes at attractive price in the market higher than the competitions, but attractive and lower than the price that we used to have on the one version of IQOS 3 before. So maybe here to Vivien what you need to look into.

No. This again comes to where cost price -- increased cost price change environment in Germany as the one thing. And second is, again, I mean, the Germany starts benefiting from not restricted access to the devices. So this again follows the same story that if we have a continuous broad range availability of the devices, we can go into the portfolio again and hence the performance. And this is one extra -- one additional comment I would make here, Vivien, is that Germany is still running on the IQOS 3.1 version, which is a blade version. 
And the reasons why we went for example, to Switzerland, with IQOS ILUMA is before opening the larger market, which obviously will take a lot of volume of the device because IQOS ILUMA would be performing in the similar sort of geography. So I'm very pleased with the success so far of IQOS ILUMA in Switzerland, especially the German-speaking part, because I use this as the -- we could use this as the proxy for Germany on acceleration, of the further acceleration of the growth in Germany. 
Now nothing is certain in life, but I think this is as far as we can read through the consumer reactions in Switzerland.

Bonnie, Jacek here. Judging by -- judging just by the number of details you mentioned in that question, you will appreciate how complex the situation is in Russia, so one by one. Russia in terms of the -- so far, production and export allocation was not really that significant. We had a much more significant plans of expanding Russia is that one of the key suppliers of new IQOS ILUMA, and hence, our decision is to immediately stop that investment as a result that we created a temporary hold for the rest of the market, partially for Russia launch of ILUMA, which we also canceled but also that Russia was supposed to contribute to the supply of the ILUMA, the consumables that are HeatSticks into other markets, including in Japan. So our first priority is how we can resource that capacity there. 
Obviously, that capacity means that we have an equipment installed in Russia. And we can't -- we don't use this equipment today. What will happen to that equipment going forward, we're also working on a certain plan, but I would stop here. I will not go into more details. 
Now to exit Russia in the orderly manner for us means that we need to reconcile the interest first of all of our shareholders, the employees in Russia. And you know that the ever-evolving legislation in Russia puts the significant risk or constraints of our ability to adhere. And this is only in the context of the very evolving regulatory environment, both on the international, it's obviously the sanctions, but also the legislations or legislation in Russia. 
So if we want to, we have a significant presence in Russia, as we all know it. We're in the market, organically built the business over the last 30 years. This is 100% business of PMI International. We don't have any partners contributing to the core business. We obviously are connected with the local supply chains and wholesale and distribution components, but PM Izhora and Philip Morris sales and distribution is 100% Philip Morris business. 
We have some shareholding in addition to this, we have a key distributor in the market, together along with our major tobacco company. And to unwind in orderly manner, all the strengths which we have in Russia is a complex endeavor. But we are committed to do so. Hence in our guidance and the decisions to look at the PMI as the rest of the business, which is doing absolutely great despite all of the headwinds which we have and so on rather than [ pollute it ] with something which would have limited visibility and ability to track them accordingly. 
So I know that my answers have not -- gave you more clarity, but that is the best which we can say at this moment. I mean we're working on the exit, but it's presumably one of the most complication -- complicated transactions in front of the history of the group, which we're drawing from the board.

Well, I mean, we are not delayed beyond what is necessary as long as we satisfied all the teams of the groups, if you like. And again, I repeat it, I mean, our -- we have a responsibility to shareholders, but we also have responsibility too in place in Russia. And overall group of stakeholders with the various expectations, okay? And you try to resolve that equation to the satisfaction of everyone, that's becoming a complex exercise. But we're working relentlessly of how to move forward. I mean I would appreciate that if there was any other size of the business and presence in the market, things could have looked differently. But this was a very big business for us.

Yes, thank you. So obviously, we need to make some -- we're making some assumptions on the supply chain. As I said earlier, we don't live today in a perfect visibility for all the remaining quarters of this year. But I think we have enough of the confidence to come up with this pro forma -- estimate of this pro forma guidance. 
Now look, you see the continuous trajectory of IQOS growth in essentially all geographies, including the geographies that historically were a bit tougher for us, where yet we had the progress but they were not really going at the group level of the growth. And now we see that Japan, with that ILUMA and a few other locations with ILUMA already having a massive acceleration of the growth. We know that we have in our plans for this and the year after with ILUMA. 
We also know that IQOS [ 3.1 3 DUO ] which is currently the mostly sold device also continues to be very attractive. And this is continuously despite the fact that we offering our portfolio both of the devices and the consumables at a significant premium to any other market propositions. I think we're getting this confidence that IQOS continues to grow. And we're looking forward also to the moment when this will accelerate its growth. Will IQOS in the near term, excluding Russia and Ukraine, so the rest of the geographies compensate the lack of Russia and Ukraine? I think over a longer period of time, we once notice is in a shorter period of time, it might be challenging, okay? So we're not making any promises at this stage.

Gaurav, we cannot really hear you.

It's better, yes.

We're taking a price increase and a price variance. So the opening of the -- came in be better than we initially thought. We will see what the remaining part of the year and especially the second half will bring. 
Now when we look at the inflation, I mean, we also have to look at what is the inflation of the material. So like the cost of living and what is the inflation of the income, right? Because we haven't yet seen the inflation on the income level at the concept level. So we have to find the right spot at the right balance where do we have introduced. 
But in most of the geographies, I mean, at the pricing environment, I would characterize it is getting positive. I mean Emmanuel talked about the Indonesia. On the other hand, we have a very strong rebound in the volumes in Indonesia. And hopefully also Indonesia, which used to be quite important or significant contributor to the pricing will hopefully towards the end of this year or definitely '23 will resume its pricing contribution. 
We had a price increase in Germany flowing through the market, as the Philippines or Turkey as now Turkey goes to the hyperinflationary accounting. But we're trying to price it widely, looking at the inflation yields, the pressure. But as I said at the beginning of the year, we already started be ahead of our own expectations, pricing variance. So let's see how does this continue through the year.

Well, there is this continuous -- remember, this is the part of the world which is still not out of the woods with regards to COVID unfortunately, right? So the situation is not really -- it didn't get back to the pre-COVID times. I believe there is some underlying growth opportunities just by the fact that if the continued recovery from the COVID situation, we should start seeing continuously better volume. 
And as I said, I mean, we took a price increase in Philippines. We're taking some pricing or taking the pricing a little bit accelerated in Indonesia, but on the other hand, we're still in there. As you remember, Indonesia take a couple of rounds of steps of a price increase to pass on the beginning of the excise increase. So we still need a bit of a time in order to go into the net margin improvement territory.  
But it's very much hinges essentially to keep the charge on continuous recovery and no further surprises with regards of the COVID situation.

Okay. So thank you, everyone, for your attention and the patience. The quarter was pretty complex and complicated for us, and since the -- due to some technical problems, the earnings call also somehow adjusted to the situations in a quarter. 
I have one only comment for everyone I hope is still on the line. I would like to take this opportunity to thank Mr. Nick Rolli for his outstanding contribution to PMI and our former parent company over the past 35 years, in particular, as the Vice President, Investor Relations since the 2008 spin of Philip Morris International. 
As you all, I believe will agree with me, he has been a critical contributor to the journey of our company. And I know that you, our investors and analysts will join me in congratulating Nick and to wish him all the best for his very well-deserved retirement. At the same time, I would also like to congratulate James Bushnell on his new role. I have the pleasure because I personally was hiring Mr. Bushnell some years ago to PMI in his new role as the successor to Nick Rolli, and I believe he will receive the same support and warm welcome as Nick Rolli enjoyed from you for the last 35 years. So welcome, James, and thank you, Nick.

Thank you, Nick.

Talk to you soon, guys. Thank you.