Thank you, Nick, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen. These are unprecedented times for all of us, and I hope everyone listening and their families are safe and well. I would also like to express our deep appreciation for the life-saving efforts of medical, social and other frontline workers during the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Our main focus at this time is on the health and well-being of our employees, their families and the communities in which we operate. We've implemented stringent policies and measures to minimize risks for those who continue to work in our facilities and offices. For all our employees, including those working from home, providing guidance and support is also essential. 
We recently announced a new set of guiding principles to reassure employees of the company's commitment to job security throughout the global pandemic period in 3 areas: employment stability, financial stability and special recognition. The strength and spirit shown in these challenging times by the people that make up our organization is a real inspiration to me and the Philip Morris International management team, and I would like to take this opportunity to thank them for their outstanding efforts. 
Indeed, our people continue to generate ideas on how they and PMI can contribute skills and resources to the wider societal effort. Ongoing and planned initiatives in more than 60 countries include providing protective equipment to our trade partners, support to care communities, procurement support to purchase items essential to fight against COVID-19 and financial support to institutions and nongovernment organizations working to end this crisis. 
In addition, our employees in many countries are volunteering to help elderly, low-income and other at-risk population. And some of our factories are producing hand sanitizer and masks for their local communities. 
Lastly but very importantly, we have also taken steps to ensure the continuity of our supply to our customers and consumers and to support our suppliers through this challenging time. 
Let me now comment on the overall impact of COVID-19 around business and outlook before I hand over to Martin, who will cover this impact and the performance in the quarter in more detail. 
We started the year with a very strong first quarter with minimal disruption to business performance and continued structural growth momentum. While we have had a number of temporary shutdowns at different manufacturing facilities and some additional complexities in our route to market, we have activated contingency plans where required to ensure sufficient inventories and consumer access to our products. Allied to a healthy balance sheet and liquidity position, our ability to generate cash will allow us to continue investing in our business, retire maturing debt and pay dividends. 
Turning to the outlook. The inherent uncertainty in the global economic picture makes forecasting much more challenging than usual. With social isolation measures placing day-to-day life on hold for much of the world's population, this temporarily impacts our operating environment. The most direct effect is on duty-free sales due to reduced travel, with additional impacts from delayed IQOS user acquisition and regulatory price enforcement in Indonesia. In total, this is likely to have a negative impact to our 2020 currency-neutral performance, with recent exchange rate movements a further drag. 
As visibility on the duration and extent of lockdown measures across the world is extremely limited, we are withdrawing our annual forecast and replacing it with quarterly guidance where visibility is relatively better. Martin will talk through the key moving parts and our EPS guidance for the second quarter when the most impact is likely to be felt. We're confident the strong momentums on IQOS user acquisition shown in recent quarters will start to resume as restrictions ease. In the meantime, our digital and commercial agent allows us to serve our existing adult consumers, maximize the conversion of adult smokers under the prevailing circumstances and tailor our investments as required to optimize costs. 
There is also considerable uncertainty as to the magnitude of the economic consequences of the current situation and the speed and shape of the recovery, including the impacts on disposable incomes and employment. While it's too early to fully assess potential effects on market dynamics in terms of consumption and down-trading, we have to assume there will be some impact. 
We also sense in certain developing countries difficulties in ensuring business continuity for some smaller general trade players, which may lead to localized out of stocks. However, as in previous times of economic and social turbulence, we expect to show resilient performance through these challenges. Martin?

Thank you, Martin. In summary, the continued strong underlying momentum in our business, especially the impressive growth of our reduced-risk product, is again evident in our first quarter results. The world has clearly now changed with considerable uncertainty as to the development and duration of the pandemic and its economic and social consequences, including those which impact our operating environment and our consumers. 
Our business has historically proven remarkably resilient, and we believe we can deliver a solid performance under the current challenging circumstances. Importantly, we remain confident in our structural midterm growth prospects and, when these headwinds have passed, expect to resume growth consistent with our 2019 to 2021 compound annual ex currency growth targets of at least 5% net revenue growth and at least 8% adjusted earnings per share growth. 
Crucially, our organization, liquidity and balance sheet are strong. We'll continue to protect and support our employees, serve our consumers and reward our shareholders, which clearly includes our strong commitment to a dividend. We remain resolute in our strategy for a smoke-free future and are convinced that we'll emerge stronger from this crisis. 
Thank you. Martin and I are happy now to answer your questions.

Okay. Let me take a minute to give some context here on what we are going to discuss during the call, okay? The first thing is that we do not see any structural business fundamentals kind of problem. It's more delays, slowdowns, as you mentioned, in the acquisition and one-offs during the duration of the pandemic. 
The second thing, we have assumed that in this quarter, because that's what we can see, we will have lockdowns continuing essentially through the end of April and the vast part of May, with some gradual recovery during the month of June and then it continues. Okay? So that's important to remember when we discuss the context. So what we observe with a high degree of certainty is the duty-free impact because there is no traveling essentially worldwide. 
The second thing we've seen, to your point, Pam, is a slowdown in the acquisition of IQOS that varies market to market, obviously, because some have stricter restrictions and others much less. So we have big differences, I would say, between Japan, we're almost operating with normality with some slowdown; and Europe, where we have more slowdown as physically our coaches cannot engage with people and our stores are closed today. So that's why I'm saying on average we are around 50%, sometimes higher, okay? So I find this, given the circumstances that the people are confined at home, to be very resilient actually, especially since, as I said, stores are closed and the coaches cannot physically interact with people, and that's the right thing to do. We see a much bigger -- a high sale through our digital channel. And as Martin said, we are gearing more and more resources from the other channels, obviously, to those. That's for acquisition. 
For retention, we don't see any problem. Actually, in certain markets, we see people increasing average daily consumption and retention rate. And some who are dual use have been reduced during this period. So there is no issue from that perspective. And we don't have also an issue regarding the sales of IQOS hit the tobacco units in the market. 
So I don't know if I answered your question.

Yes. Actually...

Okay. Again, Adam, some of these things we try to lay out are based on observations. And you are right, our markets report some reduction in illicit trade for the reasons you mentioned. Now we cannot cautiously take the European Union as 10% illicit trade and say this is going to all disappear and appear in the domestic market. So we may see some, but -- and reasonably so. But I'm not sure we have baked this all in the numbers because we are just 3 weeks essentially in the month of April and I prefer to remain a bit cautious. But you are right, we are observing this, and we should see some impact.

Well, I'll ask -- generally, what we know is the government said that because they cannot send inspectors out to inspect physically outlets because of the COVID, they have to delay, and they gave a date that is June. That's not any firm date in June. So if they get out of the situation of restrictions earlier, I assume they will do it earlier. If it continues, it may continue a bit longer. That's why we have uncertainty in this call as a matter of principle. Now I don't know, Martin, you want to add something.

Now in Indonesia, we have this. And obviously, in Indonesia, is in the category of these developing markets. Martin mentioned in his remarks and myself that we have a lot of casual labor. Many people work on a daily salary essentially. And if they can't work, clearly, their consumption has to adjust to the situation. So we have to assume here that we may have some impact also on consumption coming from COVID. 
Other Southeast Asian markets can be infected, Africa as well. So we observed this phenomena, and we had to make a forecast in our numbers of what that impact is going to be. You all appreciate, it is rather difficult. And if I take, for example, a market we know very well, like the Philippines, this confinement clearly has some impact also in daily consumption. Also, it's a very broad trade with very small players. Sometimes they run out of stock. And if we take markets with stick sales also, if we have an average stick sale -- an average consumption of sticks of 9 per day, you go to 8, that's a 10%, 11% impact temporarily on the market. 
Now how precise to be on this? I don't know. That's why we gave a broad range in these areas. I think some will happen. It's where -- the people are not going to be immune to the confinement. That's why we try to bake some numbers in. And I think it's reasonable to assume it at this stage. If it's better, it's better. Third question?

Well, in the developed markets, we don't see any impact on consumption. You appreciate it's early days, and you don't have data on a granular consumer research. But all of the elements you outlined are correct. Technically, people staying home have more opportunities than when they are in the offices for the people that work in offices. But we don't -- shouldn't forget in certain countries, you are with family and children. So also, you have to be a bit more respectful. So one may compensate the other that's why we don't see any change in the pattern at this stage. 
But we all need to appreciate, guys, that I think we've been through many crisis and difficulties. But having people confined at home and not going out is not a situation we have ever faced, and some adjustments may happen in the daily consumption. I don't think that's structural or anything else. We know that markets recover in cigarettes after crisis. But this, I have no experience to be very surgically precise. But everything you described is correct. 
And if we go to developed market -- the developing market, I mean, we also saw in some countries, as I said, more IQOS use at home, okay? Because people are more respectful of families and children and so on. So that's where we are today in the developing markets. As I said, okay, we also need to know in some cultures, smoking in front of parents and some women may be less -- more reluctant to fully consume. That's compensated, obviously, as you say, by some opportunities more. So all in all, that's the best estimate we can make today. And I'm trying to be as transparent as possible on what we know at this stage.

Well, first of all, the only down-trading we can say we've seen is the continuation of what's happening in Indonesia due to the price gaps, okay? Here is my assumption that some may happen. Now on one side, you say some people, if they have less disposable income for a period of time, and I'm still referring to developing countries, they may down-trade for a period of time. 
On the other side, we know in periods of uncertainty, especially the current one, people go for trusted brands from safe sources, and they tend to trust the known brands. So that's contradicting what I said previously, and you need to find the right balance. That's the same thing as about illicit trade. It's not only availability of illicit trade, there's also no trust in the sources of illicit trade that may reduce it. Because there is this tendency to buy what is essential and what is trusted, okay? So I assume some down-trading. I'm not saying I've seen it, okay?

I mean all those are assumptions at this stage, but they are not relating to price elasticity. In my view, it's restating to, do you go and will governments allow that you take in 1 or 2 places a price increase in the middle of the crisis. I don't think psychologically, from a consumer point of view, is the right thing. So these are a couple of months' or a month's delays, okay? But in the vast majority of the places, we don't see any price elasticity in the short term. 
Now in the long run, I don't know what the impact of COVID is going to be on the world economy. But if the world GDP comes down substantially for a longer period of time, you may need to revise elasticities. But as you know, in cigarettes, it's very rare that we need to revise elasticities, except in very big price increases.

That's a very good question that doesn't only apply to us, okay? I said it many times, resilience equals a little bit of redundancy in the system in general. And thank God, we had inventories and we had action plans to obviously build inventories as we saw the crisis arrive and materials and everything necessary to make it happen. Not sure that's the case for every business with just-in-time deliveries and trying to -- so I think that would be a learning here for everybody. 
Now as you know, in our business, as I said, we operate with fairly large inventories of tobacco by the nature of the business. And we had the capability and the flexibility to build sufficient inventory. I think that -- I don't see anything that we should revise at this stage on our footprint given the fact also that, in cigarettes, we are limited by trade blocks and import duties. So we think it's rather optimal. But as a cautionary principle, because I don't think COVID will disappear in one afternoon, it will come back. We have to have the caution that this may be repeated to have the scale it was repeated this time because we are absolutely not ready as humanity for that. But we have to take our own conclusions of how we build even more flexibility in the system. 
But so far, I think we've done pretty well. And you don't see what is behind the scenes on keeping everything flowing, but I think the guys in the company have done miracles given the circumstance.

Well, I think we can adjust the pricing obviously when necessary. My view is pricing plays a role in the IQOS acquisition, but as I said many times, it's also a lot about convincing people to make the step. And sometimes pricing is the excuse. If you remember the remarks we made in February, the only place we can really see, they need both to have a tiered system in terms of device pricing. And at a certain stage, in terms of consumables is Russia, where in certain cities, we are reaching really the limits of the premium consumer. And we are doing this with IQOS 2.4+ being at the bottom end of our range, although more expensive than any other competitor. 
But as we always said, we maintain flexibility on this, and we can adjust pretty rapidly once we recover business. Just now, that's not our issue. Our issue is more the limited ability to have the contact with the consumers at the point-of-sale.

Well, I think we should look at this as one piece rather than trying to cut it because I don't have a super exact science in dissecting this. So it's an estimate. But as I said, even if we look at the other numbers in there, even if I take inventories, we assumed in inventories that the buildup for safety stocks we've done in certain countries investing in the course of the month of March will be fully paid back. Now it may not happen. And we also assume a reduction in inventories that we've seen in certain countries and duty-free because retailers got a little bit worried about the situation. We will not recover them during the quarter. 
So we put probably the worst scenario in there to be on the safe side. But all these are flexible things. It's -- I can't predict them entirely. So we tried, as I said, I repeat, to be as transparent as possible in this day given the uncertainty and I will stay there because me venturing any particular number, I can only be wrong.

Well, I mean, notoriously, the first quarter of the year is the lowest-consumption quarter in every tobacco product, okay? So even if we look at the in-market sales of IQOS, we have to put them in this context by definition, okay? And that's why that, in my view, they're even better than somehow the numbers so in absolute terms, okay?
Now what is going to happen in the second quarter other than what I explained, I can't say -- we don't see in most of the markets any change in average daily consumption, except for the developing markets that have the specific things that I mentioned. We have not measured it. And it's very difficult if I pick a market like Philippines, okay? Yes, there is some sales decrease just now. 
It is possible that it is part of the average daily consumption because it's a stick sales market, and people have less money. It's also possible that in some areas, we had some temporary out-of-stocks because it's a cash economy with a lot of retailers going to wholesalers to buy. And until the whole system recombines and starts working properly, it takes some time. 
So I couldn't attribute the lower sales, if you wish, to only average daily consumption. But I have to assume people that don't have a job for a period of time and they cannot have the daily salary, they will buy less for a period of time. And in my example, I said, okay, if the average daily consumption is 9 cigarettes in stick sales and you go to 8, it's a big decrease for a month or for weeks, okay? That's how I see. 
Now if we assume we come out of the crisis gradually as of June, we should see the situation coming back, okay? And probably the economy that can recover faster is this casual economy because it will just -- the limitation of people to move and do business as usual. Once that resumes, I assume we will recover this. 
Now the question is temporary, as I said, and we don't know how temporary is temporary. It's not unlikely worldwide that we'll see an ease by government because now the health systems start getting to a point they can handle an increased number of cases. But we may have another slowdown in 6 months. God knows, okay? So that's why we said we'll give quarterly reviews. And as we advance, if we have any better data for the shareholders' meeting that is forthcoming, we'll give you an update as well. We are learning as we speak. But I don't see any structural event. That's all I'm saying.

Well, it's primarily due to lesser acquisition during the period, okay? Also, as I said, as the device life expectancy increases over time, we have less replacement. But clearly, during this period, our focus has been and we repurpose part of our sales expert. If there is a problem with a device, we repurpose the people to do the delivery and service the consumers. So we don't have an issue from that side, and I think we're doing a pretty good job from that point of view. But it is essentially related to lower acquisition as we have assumed if it happens.

Can you just start from the beginning because you broke at the beginning of the question so...

Yes. We do loan devices obviously with super-accrued sanitary measures for the devices that are new. So -- and then we do the guided trial by digital means. The coaches or the sales experts are operating from home and teaching the consumers. Apparently, the consumers may have a bit more time, so it's much easier to do it than in normal times as well. And that's how we operate. And I think I was surprised that we maintained such high level. 
It may be a blessing, I would say, because that helps everybody, consumers on one side and our organization, to move more and more into digital and learn in this crisis that you can do a lot of things from remote as we are learning by operating from home, by the way. So that's a good thing. And maybe we can further increase the sales this way, which over time will allow us to optimize the infrastructure costs that we have. Gotten a boost, I would say, in a direction we are going in any case.

I'm sorry, I'm not sure we changed our device prices. What's on promotion...

Okay.

Yes.

Look, we haven't seen any of those things today obviously. I think governments will look for money, but they also know that regular tax increases are the best way to maximize revenues. And frankly speaking, if we look at the packages the world is pledging to deploy, I don't think cigarettes will cover even an infinite fraction of this. Now this is something to watch. This is pretty clear, but we have no signs today of anything of this nature, okay? That's all I can see at this stage.

Well, I think the -- first, to your first question, I haven't heard of any difference in the -- what we call the adoption funnel. Once a person is contacted typically with very high purchase rate because very often, the people that come to the stores or the digital assets are people that are aware and frankly convinced. And obviously, the ones that come to our digital channels now are the most convinced. So actually, maybe we're higher. I don't have the numbers we can come to you than we used to be on average before, which is the norm. 
Now cigarettes is a bit more difficult to predict. Clearly, I see for IQOS, the momentum is there. And once we can resume the direct contacts also to people, we'll get back to on track because I don't see any change in the momentum. I'm very impressed actually that, during this period, we are where we are in terms of new consumers switching to IQOS. 
If you look at cannibalization rates, obviously, there will be less cannibalization if there are less acquisition of IQOS. But if that lasts a couple of months, I don't see that it will dent any of the two, okay? The rest is all the micro things I discussed during the call, the temporary reductions in average daily consumption in some places. And then, obviously, depends on where the world is going to end, this crisis, we will see if there is any longer-term recessionary impact. But as you know, cigarettes are very resistant to recession in general. So it's more a question, a very long-term perspective, which today is very difficult for any of us, frankly speaking, to evaluate. But we don't see any change in the dynamics.

If the restrictions last for the quarter, I think we're still okay. If they last for a year, obviously, we need to delay the whole thing by a certain period of time. I think the underlying trajectory is there, okay? So for the moment, I think that's how I see it.

Well, just now this investment in quarterly basis is a bit slowed down obviously because we don't have all the opportunities available. And obviously, we have flexibility because it is variable. Now at this stage, we need to see when we come out of the crisis. And if we need to double up, if you want resources for a period of time in order to catch up and if that makes sense from an investment point of view. So we have flexibility there. If there is no opportunity, we will not spend all this money. And obviously, it will move to next year. And that's how I see it.
Just now, it is a slower spending obviously in relative terms despite the incremental investment in digital that is reallocating money.

Okay. Thank you all for joining the call. I understand these are exceptional circumstances for all of us. I would like to say that we don't see any problem in our business fundamentals. Actually, they remain very strong. I believe all of these things are temporary, but the temporary is the uncertainty. We try to be as transparent as possible and give you as much granularity as we can. I think, overall, as far as the PMI operations are concerned, we are in fairly good shape given the circumstances. And I hope that we move out of the crisis as soon as possible so we resume business. But overall, I think the outlook for me on the longer term is -- remains the same. It's very positive. And we are very committed short-term to make sure that our operations continue, our employees are safe. And I think we've done well there because that's what will make our business stronger when we come out of the crisis. 
So we'll keep you up to date. As I said, we have the shareholders' meeting. If there is any news, we'll let you know. And bear with us in this period of uncertainty.