Thanks, Amrita, and thank you all for joining us today. This was another record quarter for Activision Blizzard with GAAP revenues of $1.97 billion, driven by record quarterly digital in-game and mobile net bookings. We also achieved an all-quarter record non-GAAP EPS of $0.78, surpassing our prior outlook by $0.13. And we generated record Q1 operating cash flow of $529 million, up nearly 30% year-over-year. Our continued ability to set new records speaks to the breadth and enduring nature of our portfolio of franchises against the backdrop of a large and growing interactive industry. 
Gaming is constantly evolving and innovating, which often expands the marketplace, and the success of Fortnite is no exception. This game is attracting new players of all ages and gender, and it is helping gaming become even more mainstream entertainment. Our biggest franchises are anchored by communities of tens of millions of players, and while many of our players try new games, they always come back to the franchises that are the foundation of the communities that they are a part of. 
World of Warcraft, Call of Duty and Candy Crush are great examples. These long-standing franchises are driving innovation into games at a regular pace with new in-game content, social features and regular updates added to their ever-evolving rich game universes. 
World of Warcraft is on a very positive trajectory with strong presales for the upcoming expansion content and Candy Crush is demonstrating growth, holding both the #1 and 2 grossing mobile spots in the U.S. for the second quarter in a row. 
We see strength across the whole portfolio, including Overwatch where total franchise engagement is up, and Call of Duty where the digital season and reach have been strongly ahead of last year. And of course, we're all very excited about the highly anticipated Black Ops 4 release. 
Gaming remains the most engaging form of entertainment and it's projected to grow faster than any form of media, except messaging, even faster than social media in terms of time spent. We estimate that the interactive entertainment industry exceeded $120 billion in total revenues last year and grew at 20% year-over-year. We are the largest stand-alone interactive entertainment company, and yet we represent less than 10% of this rapidly growing industry, which illustrates the sizable opportunity we see ahead. 
Our core games business has always been our growth engine in terms of results and intellectual property creation. That will only get stronger as we focus on 2 especially large opportunities ahead of us: first, mobile gaming, which represents a unique opportunity for us to dramatically expand our reach to new and existing players, and we're leveraging our powerful franchises across the company in the creation of our new mobile franchises and titles; second, we have room to grow our high-margin and recurring in-game revenue streams through our persistent focus on continuing to add value to all of our players' experiences. 
We continue to be the leading innovators in professional eSports. The inaugural regular season of the Overwatch League is progressing well with millions of viewers each week and average viewing time of over an hour, which provides our multiple global broadcast partners and sponsors with access to a highly engaged and hard-to-reach audience. The Overwatch League continues to thrive and our players are getting even broader recognition of their incredible talents in mainstream media. We see even greater opportunity with the playoffs and grand finals still to come. And we've begun sales of our next round of Overwatch League teams, and over time, we believe our eSports initiatives could rival traditional sports for audience interest, advertiser interest, sponsors, ticket sales and merchandise sales, both virtual and physical. 
Our 5-year growth plan is in its earliest innings and our greatest challenge remains prioritization of opportunities, which is an enviable challenge to have. We have the finest talent in our industry and we continue to track the very best and brightest people drawn to the excitement, opportunity and rewards our company provides. 
We have a very exciting remainder of this year, and we thank you, our shareholders, as well our talented driven teams around the world for all of your support. 
Now Coddy will review the highlights of our operations of this record quarter.

And Eric, this is Bobby, I would just add, the long history of our company. When we see people innovate in an interesting and impactful way, we are very quick to figure out how to capture inspirations from innovation. And so we, as a company, in our DNA, in our culture, when we see things that appeal to our audiences, we are very good at being inspired by those.

Sir, this is Bobby...

And Mike, you go -- Sorry, you go first, Mike.

You said most of what I was going to say and probably better than I could have said it. But the only thing I was going to point out is that for our almost 40 million players, what I think the league has really done is, it's reinforced that the thing that they spend hours and hours a day playing is something that they feel like is now being validated in a way that it never has before in a video game. And so all of our players in almost 190 countries around the world feel like this is truly a recognition of the sense of belonging that they get playing the game and the sense of accomplishment they feel playing the game. And I think more than anything, that's been an enormous benefit as a result of the creation of the league.