Thank you, Chris, and thank you all for joining us today. Our fourth quarter results exceeded our prior outlook for both revenues and earnings per share. As we continue to transform the company, we've remained focused on the delivery of epic entertainment that connects and engages the world. We believe we can do this with greater speed and efficiency while maintaining our long-standing commitment to quality and excellence and providing superior returns to our shareholders. 
We ended the year with over 400 million monthly active users, strong year-over-year engagement, and significant potential in monetization. We're in the privileged position of having a direct digital connection with hundreds of millions of players to whom we deliver some of the world's best professionally produced content. And we have the ability to provide our audiences with a variety of ways to enjoy our content with monetization through subscriptions, premium digital purchases, digital native advertising and a variety of other player investment mechanisms. Each of our large brand franchises as well as our new potential franchises have greater opportunities than ever before. Using Call of Duty as an example, with the introduction of Call of Duty Mobile, we grew our player base from 40 million to 100 million players in less than a year, and we expect significant growth in the Call of Duty franchise in 2020 as compared to 2019 as a result of this and from other unannounced Call of Duty initiatives. Mobile, in fact, is now our leading platform. 
The business model for Call of Duty Mobile is free-to-play, which enables the rapid development of a large community of players, with the option to purchase digital items and services as well as our ability to generate advertising revenues. Franchises like Call of Duty offer advertisers a very difficult to reach target, and today, the ad load is extremely low as we're experimenting with the best advertising solutions for our players and our advertising partners. 
We successfully developed great games for mobile. Our franchises have the power to attract far bigger audiences than previously. We're hard at work on high-quality mobile games for all of our most important franchises. 
And with respect to esports, 2 weeks ago, we debuted the Call of Duty League with 12 city-based teams. Working closely with our experienced team owners and globally recognized sponsors, we're thrilled to celebrate our players and inspire our community with professional Call of Duty esports. And with our new strategic broadcast relationship with YouTube, over 200 million game reviewers now have access to our world-class esports content for both Call of Duty League and Overwatch League. 
Across console, PC, mobile and touch points like esports, the momentum for Call of Duty could not be stronger, and this success illustrates the larger opportunities we have across our diverse and large wholly-owned library of titles dating back to our founding 40 years ago. Having our franchises on all platforms in all geographies with a constant flow of content, and leveraging the additional touch points we have available to us like esports and advertising, continues to be our focus. 
Another great example of our franchise transformation is what happened with Warcraft. We doubled the size of the active World of Warcraft community in the second half of 2019 by adding classic to the WoW subscription offering. The remarkable growth of the WoW community represents an important proof point of the value and potential of our established franchise, and it has energized our development team as we develop new content for all of our key franchises. These franchises form the basis for large, engaged communities of players and spectators, with whom we take our responsibility to deliver high-quality content very seriously. 
Prioritization of opportunity and access to more talent are our challenges, but we are meeting these challenges with improved execution, and we expect to grow audiences, engagement and monetization and provide superior shareholder returns as we have for the last 30 years. 
As a final note, we wanted to acknowledge the tragedy of Kobe Bryant's untimely death. Kobe was a longtime friend of the company, starring masterfully in commercials for Guitar Hero and Call of Duty. He was a tireless supporter of our veteran employment initiatives and always made himself available for all of our veterans events and activities. He will be greatly missed by all of us, and our thoughts and prayers are with his family. 
And now Coddy will review the highlights of our operations with you.

Thanks for the question, Mike. It's Bobby. When -- I think one of the things that we found with the launch of Call of Duty Mobile, with games like Hearthstone, our designers and developers have gotten a lot more excited about reaching bigger, broader audiences. And we've seen that across the whole company. And so I think what you're going to continue to see is a commitment to innovation on all of our franchises. And that now includes commitment to innovation with mobile devices. And I think that as long as we can deliver new innovative game play with great user experiences on mobile devices, you'll see more franchises taking advantage of that as a platform. 
I think the other thing we've seen is that people want to reach more customers in more countries and especially when you look at some of the things that we're doing in esports. Being able to build these big inclusive communities around the world, and today, our mobile games are played in almost 200 countries. That's been a real catalyst for us to really rethink the way that we're approaching our franchise development. 
So you can expect, as Jay pointed out, obviously, as Humam can attest to, and as we've even seen the Activision business with the success of Call of Duty Mobile, mobile is now our largest platform, and you'll continue to see us with not just mobile touch points, but all the other important touch points that we've now added into the business, expanding the reach of our franchises, the engagement of our franchises and the monetization of our franchises. So we couldn't be more enthusiastic about the prospects that we have going forward. We've talked a little bit about the challenges, which is prioritization of opportunity and making sure that we have the right talent aligned with those opportunities. But those are challenges we managed for a long time. 
So it's a great question, and I think you can expect that all of our franchises are investing in all of these new opportunities.