Thank you, Chris, and thank you all for joining us today. As I said during our last earnings call, I want Activision Blizzard to be the leader in our industry for workplace culture. Since then, the leadership team and I have been hard at work listening to employees and implementing meaningful changes. I'd like to review the actions we've taken over the past few months with you today. 
As we've made clear in certain instances relating to workplace culture, we should have done a better job ensuring our values were embraced across all parts of the company. Over the last few years, we've been focused on the improvements that are necessary to become a model workplace. We are, of course, taking these actions because any single instance of wrongful conduct at our company is unacceptable. But these actions we're taking are also the right ones for our business success. We can't achieve our business ambitions without the very best talent. People with the talents we need have more alternatives for highly paid work opportunities than ever before. If we don't constantly evolve as a great place to work, we won't retain or attract the talent we need to realize our tremendous potential. 
As a company, we have more opportunities ahead of us than I've seen in almost all the years I've led the company. The success we've achieved thus far is the result of an overwhelmingly large number of extraordinarily talented people with high integrity and good values focused on delivering great games to our players, which has resulted in superior shareholder returns. This company and many of its leaders and so many of our talented employees, past and present, have shown strength of will, dedicated to the achievement of bold aspiration. Our commitment to make Activision Blizzard the most welcoming and inclusive company in the world will be accomplished the same way our industry leadership has been accomplished, focusing commitment, persistence, strength of will, the unwavering ambition of truly talented people with equally unwavering integrity and the continuous commitments to improvement. 
In September, we announced a comprehensive agreement with the U.S. Equal Opportunity Commission, which is subject to court approval to strengthen policies and programs intended to further improve the prevention of harassment, discrimination and related content. And as part of this agreement, we'll establish an $18 million fund to compensate those who have experienced such behavior at our company. 
With respect to pay equity, another critically important issue that we have always worked hard to ensure we achieve, we recently disclosed to employees the results of our review of 2020 pay equity at our company, which was conducted by an independent research firm. The U.S. analysis showed that women on average earned slightly more than men for comparable work in 2020. And we're committed to compensation remaining equitable for men and women performing comparable work always. 
Last week, we also announced a number of important new workplace initiatives. We announced a zero-tolerance harassment policy company-wide. This includes tougher rules and greater consistency across the organization to make certain reports are always properly and promptly handled. Now any Activision Blizzard employee found through our new investigative processes and resources to have retaliated against anyone for making a compliance complaint will be terminated immediately. In many other instances of workplace misconduct, we will no longer rely on written warnings. Terminations will be the outcome, including in most cases of harassment based on any legally protected category. Future employment contracts and equity awards will state that termination for these reasons will result in immediate forfeiture of future compensation. 
Another is our pledge to increase the percentage of women and nonbinary people in our workforce by 50%. Today, approximately 23% of our global employee population identifies as women or nonbinary. So within the next 5 years and hopefully faster, we will seek to increase our percentage of women and nonbinary professionals to more than 1/3 across the entire company. To further this commitment, we'll be investing an additional $250 million over the next 10 years in initiatives that foster expanded opportunities in gaming and technology for underrepresented communities. 
Additionally, based on feedback from many employees, we are waiving required arbitration of future individual sexual harassment and discrimination claim. That means for any employee who chooses not to arbitrate an individual claim of sexual harassment, unlawful discrimination or related retaliation arising in the future, the company will waive any obligation to do so. 
As we report regularly on our progress and our financial results, you will continue to hear more about our workplace initiatives which we firmly believe will help us remain one of the world's most successful entertainment company. I want to thank our employees for their continued commitment to each other, the company and our player. For those employees past and present who have been brave enough to step forward and share their stories, we continue to be committed to investigating all claims thoroughly and holding people accountable. For those employees who have shared feedback, thought, suggestion, concerns and complaint and there are many of you, we hope you can see from our actions that we are listening. We are evolving our organization through your ideas and active participation in their execution. 
And for those employees who have worked tirelessly to deliver great experiences to our players, your resilience in these challenging times is inspiring. We expect that we'll continue to face challenging and negative media attention regardless of our progress, but we are determined to stay focused on providing great opportunities and the very best work environment for our talented employees to deliver the very best games for our players and to continue to provide superior returns for our shareholders. Thank you for your participation today. 
And now I'll turn the call over to Daniel to share the results of our operations for the last quarter.

Yes. Thanks, Matt. This is Bobby. I feel very good about the progress actually. Right now, workplace leadership is my focus. Our opportunities for growth, as we've talked about, have never been better, but we won't be able to realize all that growth potential without talent. And to retain and attract the talent we need, we obviously have to be recognized as the very best place to work. This means we have to be the most welcoming inclusive environment and we've got to have the best industry-leading programs for growth and development. We've got to have the best recruiting capabilities for the diverse talent we need to create the very best games, and we have to have competitive compensation that is aligned with performance. 
If you think about it, over the last 30 years, we've shown that we can consistently create the very best games, and that has always translated into long-term shareholder returns that are far greater than the S&P 500 and compared to most companies. And we believe that superior shareholder returns will continue to be delivered through our franchise strategies, the operational excellence that we're recognized for. And we also recognize that to achieve the same level of shareholder returns we have historically and to ensure continued excellence in execution, we believe we and all great companies need to deliver workplace excellence. 
This means some of the things that we've discussed over the last few weeks about harassment and discrimination-free work environments, recruiting excellence to ensure we have diverse skills, abilities and talents and a culture that celebrates and rewards commitment to these principles. I couldn't be more passionate and committed to being the most performance-focused, welcoming and inclusive company in entertainment. What you heard me discuss earlier is just the beginning of the actions that we intend to take to achieve that objective. And of course, we need accountability. So we'll continue to provide regular progress in updates both quarterly to our shareholders as well as annually in our ESG reports, and we'll be monitoring the progress of our business units, our franchise teams and our functional leaders with respect to workplace initiatives, and that status will also be reported to our employees quarterly. 
Right now and going forward, communicating with our employees and getting feedback has been a crucial part of the process. We'll obviously continue to keep our investors informed, but the work that we've done with our employees has resulted in very constructive new initiatives, more that we'll continue to announce over the next few months. But the long answer to your question is I feel good about the progress that we're making. But thanks for the question.