Thank you, Chris, and thank you all for joining us today. I hope all of you and your families are safe and healthy. 
In the midst of the ongoing pandemic, this week, a few hundred of our employees were evacuated from their homes in Orange County because of fires. The resilience our employees around the world continue to show under very difficult circumstances is incredibly inspiring. Our externally talented teams have been able to connect and entertain hundreds of millions of people around the world at a time when connection and joy is more important than ever. 
This led to better-than-expected third quarter results, and we're again raising our outlook for the full year. We now expect net bookings in 2020 to grow over 25% year-over-year with earnings per share growing even faster. Since refocusing our teams on our greatest opportunities, we've started to return to the execution excellence we've always been known for. We have significantly grown the number of creative and commercial employees working on our key franchises. We have a clear strategy to continue expanding reach, engagement and player investment across all of our biggest franchises, and we continue to increase investment to grow the communities anchored in our franchises. 
We have a deep company-wide commitment to continue to deliver the highest-quality content and live operations to our network of almost 400 million players. And we've transitioned the business to a digital-first model, enabling our players to consume our content in the most convenient, value-focused manner. Our continued strong results reflect our focus on execution. 
Today, we're in a position to deliver sustained and significant long-term expansion across our portfolio of fully owned franchises. As we execute against our content pipeline, extend our key franchises to mobile, introduce new free-to-play experiences and continue to optimize in-game operations, we are positioned to continue converting our growing agent into consistent and long-term revenue and earnings growth. 
Call of Duty is the first community benefit from our pursuit of this franchise based strategy. With over 100 million monthly players, the Call of Duty community is larger than ever before. And with expansion across all platforms, the franchise has transformed into a truly social experience that engages and connects our players in truly epic ways. Through Modern Warfare and our free-to-play game Warzone, over 2/3 of players playing groups of friends, demonstrating the rich social connections enabled by our games. On mobile, Call of Duty has been downloaded over 300 million times worldwide and has become the highest grossing new game in the U.S. app stores since its launched last October. By expanding to mobile, we've brought in tens of millions of new players in countries far beyond our traditional audiences. With the game now in final large-scale testing in China and over 50 million players already preregistered, we see a clear path to continue growing Call of Duty's reach engagement and player investment on mobile in the largest mobile gaming market in the world. 
Deep engagement in premium Call of Duty content as well as the addition of free-to-play experiences across mobile, console and PC drove the number of monthly players in the community to over 3x the year ago level in this third quarter, and hours played were 7x higher than a year ago. As the community engages, they consume more content. More players are purchasing premium content than ever before, and these growth rates highlight the tremendous power of the combination of our premium and free-to-play business model. We expect to continue the Call of Duty momentum when we deliver Black Ops Cold War in 2 weeks. And our marketing has changed to reflect the scale and size of our own proprietary network. 
In August, millions of players gained access to the Black Ops Cold War Reveal trailer by playing interactive content within Warzone, generating a true virtual water cooler moment, driving substantial interest in the new release. Going direct to our network of players in this way represents more effective marketing than any paid media network. 
We intend to achieve with all our franchises as well as the potential new franchises we are actively creating, many of the successes we have had with call of Duty. In World of Warcraft, for example, we've seen unprecedented engagement trends since the subscriber base doubled following the launch of Classic last year. Presales of the upcoming Shadowlands expansion are the highest we've seen at this stage ahead of any release. Blizzard has the largest team ever working on ensuring Shadowlands meets all of our players' highest expectations and to deliver more frequent major content launches across both the modern game and classic in the years ahead. 
Blizzard has also dedicated creative talent focused on delivering multiple mobile experience in the coming years. Our franchises are well suited for global mobile, console and PC gaming audiences, and we're determined to deliver compelling mobile experiences for both existing fans of our franchises and the hundreds of millions of players around the world who haven't yet played our games. 
We also see continued growth opportunities for Candy Crush. Even as the franchise continues its leadership as the #1 franchise in the U.S. app stores with both in-app purchases and advertising driving growth in the third quarter, we'll continue to introduce competitive and collaborative social features to further broaden reach and deepen engagement in the coming quarters. 
There are few entertainment franchises that generate over $1 billion in annual net bookings. And today, we operate 3 of them: Call of Duty, World of Warcraft and Candy Crush. And each has clear opportunity for sustained growth. With our team's hard at work on multiple products in the Diablo franchise and major innovations for the Overwatch franchise as well as a number of new potential franchises at Blizzard and King, the pipeline across our portfolio and the potential for revenue and earnings expansion has never been stronger. 
I am so proud of our employees. Amid what continues to be the most challenging environment I've ever experienced in a 3 decades of leading the company, our teams continue to perform with extraordinary commitment to our audiences around the world. Of course, ensuring that our employees and their families are safe and healthy remains my #1 priority. The majority of our teams continue to work successfully from home, and they continue to show ingenuity and fortitude as they overcome challenges in health care, family care and work. 
For the balance of this year, we're raising our outlook, and we believe we will continue connecting and engaging more players than ever before in 2021. 
Thank you for your continued support. Daniel will now review the highlights of our operations for the past quarter with you.

Mario, it's Bobby. Why don't I take the longer-term outlook? So I think when you look at this year, and particularly the multiple touch points of opportunity that we're realizing on franchises like Call of Duty, those same opportunities exist for us on all of our franchises as well as the new potential franchises that we have in development. And this is my now 31st year of doing this, I don't recall a time where I've seen more opportunity for growth and margin expansion in all the time that I've been doing this. The challenge for us is going to be, one, prioritizing opportunity; and then two, making sure that we have the right talent aligned with those opportunities. But when I look at the success that we're experiencing now, and I think about the opportunities we have over the next few years, including next year, we have more momentum going into the next few years than I can remember in a long time. And a lot of the changes that we've made over the last few years are really starting to pay dividends. So from a long-term perspective, I think more platforms, more opportunities to deliver interactive entertainment experiences, increasing engagement that we're seeing from our games becoming increasingly social, the shift to more frequent delivery of content, the flexibility that we have in player investment models. I haven't seen as much opportunity ever. And so the challenge for us is going to be make sure we prioritize them effectively and have the right people in place to take advantage of them. But if you're asking about long-term outlook, I don't think it's ever been better.