Thank you, Chris, and thank you all for joining us today. 
We hope all of you and your families are safe and healthy. Our employees continue to do an extraordinary job managing family demands, working in challenging circumstances and remaining focused on execution of our stakeholder priorities. Ensuring that our employees and their families have the very best health care, everywhere we operate remains our priority. 
Against the backdrop of the ongoing pandemic and significant social and cultural upheaval, we are delivering entertainment that inspires and unites, helps break down barriers and enables players to forge and sustain friendships and community through gameplay. With billions of gamers worldwide, games provide social interactions that connect people more deeply than any other form of entertainment. 
The investments we have made in new compelling content and experiences within our franchises have helped us expand to almost every country in the world across a wide range of audiences. Today, we have a broad and diverse player base of over 400 million players, with over 100 million players in each key region we operate: EMEA, Asia Pacific and the Americas. And we estimate that approximately half of our players are now female. We have an opportunity to grow and serve more players globally as we discover more ways to connect and engage the world through our epic entertainment. 
Our second quarter results significantly exceeded our prior outlook for both revenue and earnings per share, and with continued momentum in our business, we are again raising our full year outlook. Of course, in these uncertain and unpredictable times, our results are subject to change and volatility. 
In the second quarter, our player base grew 30% year-over-year, adding more than 100 million monthly active players. Time spent in our games grew 70% over the same period and Q2 engagement and player investment were at historic highs. We grew net bookings 70% year-over-year, setting new highs for second quarter net bookings on both mobile and console, with operating margin up strongly year-over-year. 
Our results benefited from increased demand from our content as people around the world sheltered at home. This upside varied across businesses and franchises with our most social content seeing the strongest and longer-lasting impact. The biggest driver of our year-over-year engagement and financial performance was Call of Duty, which has seen a remarkable increase in its scale as we expanded the franchise across platforms, geographies and business models. As the world starts to reopen, we believe these actions have delivered a true structural change in the trajectory of our largest franchise, and this is the road map we plan to follow for the many franchises we have in our library, which dates back to 1980. 
The launch of Warzone within the Call of Duty universe has given existing players compelling new content and enabled large numbers of first-time players to unleash their inter-military heroes. Over 75 million people have played Warzone since its launch, adding significant reach and engagement to a franchise that already enjoyed strong momentum following the 2019 launches of Modern Warfare and Call of Duty Mobile. 
We've truly seen a step change in the engagement of our franchise, with total time spent in Call of Duty in Q2, more than 8x higher than in the year ago quarter. And as players engage, they're choosing to invest, with in-game player investment and sales of premium content both meaningfully higher than last year. The expansion of the Call of Duty franchise to over 100 million players across PC, console and mobile highlights the scale of the opportunity for our broader portfolio of fully owned intellectual property. 
We're also seeing ongoing momentum from our growth initiatives for World of Warcraft and Candy Crush. And as we execute on our pipeline of major content and live operations on mobile, PC and console, we expect to continue expanding the scale of our franchises. We remain focused on investing in our creative talent, growing our development teams to continue delivering more high-quality content more frequently and continuing to reduce unnecessary process that stifles innovation and creativity. 
With more players in more countries on more platforms and our deep experience across a wide range of business models, we're on track to deliver the strong long-term financial performance that our stakeholders expect. 
I'm incredibly proud of our employees and their families. They have overcome difficulties, demonstrated great empathy and resilience and, through extraordinary circumstance, have remained steadfast in their commitment to meet growing audience demand for our games. And more than ever, there's a growing need for the services of our Call of Duty Endowment, which helps returning veterans transition to the civilian workforce. We, of course, were delighted to fund a record number of placements in the second quarter and have now helped more than 72,000 veterans find high-quality jobs since we started the Call of Duty Endowment in 2009. 
In the near term, while the economic outlook remains very unclear, the ongoing commitment of our creative and commercial teams should enable us to remain on track to deliver great new content in the second half of the year. We now expect record full year net bookings and earnings per share. 
Thank you all for your support and your encouragement. Daniel will now review the highlights of our operations for the past quarter with you.