Thank you, Chris, and thank you all for joining us today. We once again achieved record results in 2018. We delivered record GAAP revenue and GAAP and non-GAAP EPS for both fourth quarter and the year. For 2018, we generated record GAAP revenues across all 3 platforms, and both Activision and King achieved record segment financial results. 
While we had record performance in 2018, it didn't quite live up to our expectations. We didn't execute as well as we hoped to in 2018, and our current outlook for 2019 falls below what is possible in an industry filled with growth opportunities. We measure our success by growth in reach, engagement and player investment, and while we had record financial results in 2018, we didn't achieve the reach, engagement and player investment goals we set for ourselves. 
2019 will require significant change to enable us to achieve our long-term goals and objectives. We're making changes to enable our development teams to create better content for our biggest franchises more quickly. Across our key franchises, we're adding development talent to ensure our teams can deliver exactly what our fans have come to expect from our games: a consistent flow of compelling content. 
We'll also increase our focus on adjacent opportunities with demonstrated potential, like esports for Overwatch League and Call of Duty. We're stepping up production on our incubation efforts faster and increasing our investment in live services, in our tools, in our Battle.net platform and in new areas like our fast-growing esports and advertising efforts but all with an intense focus on excellence, so we never disappoint our players. Our pipeline is excellent, and our development talent, the very best in the world, but we need to refocus our efforts so that our development and production resources are better aligned with our priorities. 
We're reducing or eliminating investment in games and initiatives that weren't living up to player expectations or our leadership teams have determined may not live up to player expectations in the future. To drive improved execution and to fund development investment, we will, in certain parts of the business, reduce complexity and duplication in our back office functions, consolidate certain commercial operations and revamp our consumer marketing capabilities to reflect our continued migration to a largely digital network.
While this isn't a shift in our strategy, achieving better execution requires change, change that requires new leadership and organizational commitment to change. We operate in an industry with proven growth and real potential, and we haven't grown at the rates that reflect the opportunities our industry affords. We have new business unit leadership committed to serving our players, our employees and our shareholders. And I'm also very pleased to have Dennis Durkin back as CFO and overseeing our Emerging Businesses. His steady, responsible stewardship of our capital and his strong relationships with his colleagues served us well during his 5-year prior tenure as CFO. 
As always, I want to thank our customers, our players and our partners but, especially, today, our employees and our shareholders for their commitment and their support. 
And now, Coddy?

And I would just add, Ray, it's Bobby, that when you look over the last decade of Call of Duty content, I think that Rob is underselling what the internal enthusiasm is. I haven't seen this much enthusiasm that I can remember almost ever. So we're excited about the fall release of Call of Duty content.

Can I just say it's really terrific for the company to have J's leadership. He's humble about his experiences. When you think about World of Warcraft and Hearthstone and the Warcraft franchise, it's been one of the most successfully led franchises in all of video games, and we couldn't be happier to have J in the role that he's in.

Go ahead, Humam.

Yes, I would just add. I think it's an excellent team. The ad product is excellent. They've started to make real inroads in getting people to better understand what the opportunity for advertisers is. And I think that I'll just echo Humam's sentiment that there's a lot of momentum in that business.