Thank you, Chris, and thank you all for joining us today. Our first quarter results exceeded our prior outlook, reflecting strong operating discipline. We are refocusing our resources on our biggest franchises to deliver the operational excellence for which we are known. As we outlined last quarter, we are increasing our focus and investment on our biggest franchises in order to better execute and unlock their great potential. In prioritizing our franchises and the communities of players invested in these franchises, we're staying true to the approach that drove our company's long-term success: doing a few things very, very well. We're continuing to selectively invest in new potential franchises, but our focus is innovation with improving franchises, of which we have many. 
In today's content landscape, our franchise-focused approach is more relevant than ever. Gamers are playing fewer games longer. Creating and sustaining new franchises remains one of the most difficult tasks in the entertainment industry, and only proven teams that have the vision, talent, scale and resources to create market break out new intellectual properties, and there are even fewer of those teams that have the capabilities to sustain those games over time and meet players' ever-increasing demands for ongoing features, services and content. We're very fortunate to own some of the most enduring and popular global franchises supported by some of the very best teams in the world. 
Well over 0.5 billion users have played Candy Crush over the 7 years since the franchise launched. Call of Duty recently passed its 15th anniversary and is one of the most successful entertainment franchises of all time, with cumulative sales exceeding 300 million games. Overwatch and Diablo have tens and tens of millions of players, and this year, the Warcraft franchise celebrates its 25th birthday. Over a quarter of a century, massive numbers of players have engaged in Warcraft, World of Warcraft and Hearthstone experiences. 
We expect to enjoy the dual tailwinds of strong industry growth and company-specific opportunities that we have crafted for our owned intellectual properties. There are more gamers than ever before and more ways for gamers to interact with our franchises than ever before. We have clear opportunities to grow the reach, engagement and monetization of our franchises including through some very new business models. We have vast experience in all business models including free-to-play, and we are continually evaluating the most effective models for all of our games. 
In addition to this opportunity for our core business, we have company-specific growth opportunities as we add new engagement and monetization models to our franchises including esports, in-game advertising and digital consumer products, and we're making great progress in these areas. 
In esports this quarter, we launched the 2019 season for the Overwatch League with an expanded roster of 20 teams and strong growth in viewership, with hours this season up more than 20% year-over-year. 
Leading brands continue to recognize the opportunity to engage a hard-to-reach demographic deeply immersed in the highest esports experiences and in the content that has the highest production value. We were very pleased to add Anheuser-Busch InBev, Coca-Cola and State Farm to our roster of blue-chip sponsors in the last 3 months. 
One of the critical building blocks of the Overwatch League is the city-based model, with team owners around the world building fan communities who share the passion of supporting their local teams. In Q1, we announced that teams will compete in home-and-away matches around the world beginning in 2020. Highlighting the excitement and atmosphere of this next phase of the Overwatch League, last weekend, Dallas Fuel hosted the league's first home games in front of a sell-out crowd of thousands of fans who saw them compete against the Los Angeles Valiant and the Houston Outlaws. 
Following the blueprint we established and validated with the Overwatch League, we've now started the team sales process for our professional Call of Duty esports league, and we're seeing strong demand for teams. We've already sold 5 franchises. We've secured exceptional owners for each of Atlanta, Dallas, New York, Paris and Toronto, and in each case, we're partnering with existing Overwatch League team owners who have first-hand experience of our esports vision and capabilities and recognize the scale of the opportunity for a global, city-based Call of Duty league. We look forward to announcing more details around these cities and other team sales in the coming months. 
As always, we're grateful for the support of our employees, our players, our partners and our shareholders. And now Coddy will review the highlights of our operations for this quarter with you.

Sure. This is Bobby. As I've said, we continue to lead the way in professional esports. For us, the most important thing always was being able to celebrate professional players who make the commitment to our games and inspire our players every day. But I think what we found is that, as a result of our esports initiatives, we're creating a lot more enduring appeal in these franchises. When we think about sports and sports teams, they are the ultimate examples of everlasting franchises. And the reason that we've created this city-based global league is to be able to attract that same passion and affinity that only city-based teams can really foster as we grow the fan base and as we want to deepen the engagement that our players have with our franchises. 
I would say lastly, we've seen a tremendous opportunity to create value for our shareholders through our esports initiatives. But if you think about the last couple of years, the results that our team focused on esports has achieved is remarkable. If you look at the amount of time it would've taken in traditional sports to sell over $0.5 billion worth of teams, I don't think there's any example of being able to do that in a couple of year period of time. Viewership continued to grow on the Overwatch League and we're now generating much more substantial revenues from the broadcast rights and from sponsors and licensees. So from a commercial perspective, the league is doing really well. 
Between Overwatch League and now the 5 Call of Duty teams that we've sold, we have over 25 teams that have generated that $0.5 billion of revenues, and the prices for the Call of Duty teams were well ahead of what the initial prices were for the Overwatch League teams. So we've got great owners. We've got a lot of commercial momentum. I think we've got a great season that we're off to this year for Overwatch League with viewership up substantially. And overall, I think we continue to lead in our initiatives in professional esports. And with respect to the gaming, I'll leave it -- Jay, you can answer the gaming question.

Yes, and I'll just add, Tim, because I'm off to Omaha for, I don't know, probably the 20th time for the Berkshire Annual Meeting that, if you think about what has worked well for us as a philosophy over 29 years, we're going to always be the guys that wait for the fat pitch. And when you think about that as baseball analogy, we are not going to veer from the discipline that we've had for that as a guiding philosophy.

Yes. Thanks for the question. It's Bobby. When you own 30 years of IP like we do, there's probably never been a better time to be in the games business. And when these big well-funded companies are building out platforms that they have limited amounts of content to actually serve up to customers, I'd say that there's a great opportunity for a company like ours. 
I think for starters, they will all try to broaden the audience for gaming and make big investments and commitments in doing so, and that's just helpful for the growing market. But in each case, none of these platforms can succeed without great content. And they, truthfully, they don't really know how to make it. So when you think about what will be required, it will be support from us to allow them to actually build audience. And I think that we have a better opportunity than most to capitalize on all these new platforms that will be there. 
In addition to the fact that we have almost 350 million direct relationships with our own customers today, and so the distribution is evolving and changing in the way that we actually connect with our own customers. So the net, I would say is that when you think about the next 5 to 10 years, there will be more ways and places to engage players, and that serves us better than almost any other company.