Thank you, Chris, and thank you all for joining us today. Our third quarter results exceeded our prior outlook for both revenue and earnings per share as we made continued progress on our growth initiatives for 2020 and beyond. For the fourth quarter, we've decided to increase investment in consumer marketing and user acquisition as we aspire to reach more players in more countries on more platforms than ever before.
Our recent success with Call of Duty highlights the potential for our portfolio of fully owned intellectual property. Call of Duty Mobile is experiencing one of the industry's most successful launches ever. In extending Call of Duty to the largest and fastest-growing platform, we've more than tripled the franchise's reach with over 100 million downloads in the first month alone. The game reached the top of the installed charts in over 150 countries and regions, reflecting Call of Duty's global stature, and monetization is off to a strong start with the game entering the top 10 grossing charts in over 100 countries and regions.
On console and PCs too, Modern Warfare is off to an exceptional start, and we have more surprises in store that we think will delight existing and new players in the coming months. We plan to take Call of Duty fandom to new levels with the launch of the Call of Duty League in late January. So far, we have secured 12 fantastic team owners who bring deep operational and entrepreneurial expertise as they prepare for games in cities around the world next year. These ownership groups include some of the biggest names in professional sports, and 10 of them have already enjoyed success with us on the Overwatch League. In fact, the Overwatch League recently completed a remarkable second season that saw over 30% growth in U.S. average minute audience. We couldn't be better positioned as we continue to execute on our vision and strategy for amateur and professional esports.
The phenomenal response to World of Warcraft Classic in the quarter also illustrates the vast potential and enduring appeal of our fully owned franchises across the company. Celebrating the 15th anniversary of World of Warcraft and the 25th anniversary of the Warcraft franchise, WoW Classic brought millions of players back to the game. And Blizzard has the resources, talent and pipeline to continue delivering great content for World of Warcraft players into 2020 and beyond.
At BlizzCon last week, we gave Blizzard players a preview of some of the superb content in our pipeline. We expect the innovations on display across World of Warcraft, Hearthstone, Overwatch and Diablo to inspire Blizzard players and expand Blizzard communities, and we expect Blizzard to deliver the consistent business growth that we know is possible in an industry with so many opportunities.
King continued to lead the way in mobile gaming. Candy Crush was again the #1 grossing game on the U.S. mobile app stores in the third quarter, and the team is hard at work on new features and content that we expect to drive further growth for the franchise in coming years. 
Our in-game advertising initiatives delivered exceptional results again. Advertising net bookings within King almost doubled year-over-year, and we're now starting to apply our capabilities in this area to Call of Duty Mobile and certain other properties across the company. 
I'm, of course, grateful for the continued focus and extraordinary efforts of our employees around the world. We appreciate the ongoing support of our shareholders, and we have deep gratitude for our players and spectators who derive an incredible sense of purpose, meaning and belonging from being a part of the communities created through our franchises. Our mission to bring the world together through epic entertainment is the driving force behind our ambitions, and we remain steadfast in our commitment to this ideal.
Thank you for joining us today. And now Coddy will review the highlights of our operations for this quarter.

Sure. Thanks, Colin. It's Bobby. Well, as you can imagine, we've learned a lot. Probably the most important thing is that we underestimated things like the demand for the broadcast rights, sponsorships, even on the licensing front. I think we also underestimated the enthusiasm that we would have from prospective owners, which is why the price of the teams went up so much over the 2-year period.
And then I think, operationally, we have the benefit of 2 years in a fixed location to really think about how to optimize production. But as we go out into the local markets next year, which is a big point of differentiation for us, in our view, between us and anybody else that's thinking about esports is really engaging these great local entrepreneurs and professional team owners or professional groups in actually generating revenues, marketing, new fans, new opportunities for our fans to connect to their favorite players. 
And so what we've learned over the last couple of years is serving us incredibly well as we launch the Call of Duty League. And in fact, most of the owners are existing owners, and most of them have jumped in at prices that are higher significantly than what they paid for their Overwatch teams. And I think we're going to get the benefits of scale of being the biggest operator of a professional esports league anywhere in the world. 
The other thing, I think, is we probably didn't appreciate how big the viewing audience was. And if you look at the demographic that we serve, principally 18- to 34-year-olds, the audience that we're serving on a global basis is bigger than the MLS for that demographic or Major League Baseball for that demographic. So there's an untapped opportunity for sponsors, for advertisers, for our licensing partners to be able to reach an audience that has become increasingly difficult to reach.
So I think from every perspective, not only have we learned a lot, but I think what we've done in terms of execution is the best that anybody has expected or seen in professional esports. And so when you then think about what's happening in these franchises, whether it's the announcement we just made about Overwatch 2 or the new 100 million consumers that just came into the Call of Duty marketplace and community, we're seeing an incredible amount of growth in both the opportunity for spectators, but also in audience that we'll be able to reach for our sponsors, our broadcast partners, advertisers. 
And so when you look out over the course of the next 12 to 24 months, there will just be a lot bigger ecosystem for us to be able to take advantage of. And a lot more of an audience for our players -- our professional players to be celebrated by and recognized by. And so we couldn't be more pleased with the progress that we've been making. And I think all these initiatives that are expanding the communities of our franchises just serve us better as we move into the local markets.