Thank you, Chris, and thank you for joining us today. Let me first convey our sympathies to those who have suffered during this difficult time. While very few of our own team members have contracted COVID-19, a number of our employees have been impacted by the illness and the passing of family members. Our thoughts and prayers are with them and everyone else affected by the pandemic. 
Quite honestly, I've been awestruck during the last 2 months by the strength of our employees and their families, managing through unprecedented challenges from health care to child care. Our teams around the world have shown ingenuity and incredible resilience. And even faced with so many difficulties, our employees still ensured that the joy, the social connection and the unexpected benefits of gaming as a way to keep our 400 million players around the world connected and engaged and safely at home has continued without interruption.
Our employees and their families have shown incredible empathy for those affected by the pandemic in their communities and across the world. They've organized meal deliveries, care for the elderly, even the use of their own 3D printers to create high-quality facial protection for their colleagues. Our teams have shown unwavering support for the first responders, nurses, doctors and medical professionals working tirelessly in unimaginable conditions. 
Our corporate social responsibility initiatives have been expanded to support programs to provide health care professionals with a variety of resources, including faster, more effective testing and the use of tools like convalescent blood transfusion as a possible method of immunization. We've also increased our direct support for military families by millions of dollars. 
Through our team's dedication and incredibly hard work under very difficult circumstances, we delivered results significantly above our outlook for the first quarter, and this momentum will likely continue for the second quarter. I've conducted almost 100 earnings calls, and none was under a backdrop of so much uncertainty for the future. 
Our mission to connect and engage the world through epic entertainment has never been more meaningful than it is today. At a time when so many forms of social interactions and entertainment experiences have been shut down, we're providing entertainment with positive impact for hundreds of millions of people through our games. Our content and connecting members of our communities around the world is critically important. 
Our development and commercial teams quickly adapted to this new work environment, and as of now, we're on track to deliver compelling new content, including the World of Warcraft Shadowlands expansion and the next premium Call of Duty release, both of which are planned for the second half of the year. Our esports organization has quickly pivoted to remote production and continues to deliver live esports for both the Call of Duty League and the Overwatch League, a direct result of the hard work and flexibility of our team owners and our sponsors. 
In the face of unprecedented circumstances, our extraordinary teams also delivered extremely strong first quarter financial results. We significantly exceeded our outlook for both revenue and earnings per share. We reached new heights for first quarter net bookings across each of mobile, console and PC, and we exited the quarter with accelerating engagement and momentum across the business as people around the world turn to our content for entertainment and connection. 
Performance in the quarter was led by Call of Duty, which is achieving tremendous scale and momentum across platforms, geographies and business models. Following industry-leading launches for Call of Duty Mobile and Modern Warfare in the fourth quarter of 2019, the franchise raised the bar even higher with the launch of Warzone in March. With a free-to-play business model and cross-platform play, Warzone expanded Modern Warfare's reach, engagement and player investment. Warzone to date has brought in over 60 million players since its launch. 
The exceptional results for Call of Duty reflect our team's remarkable execution as they innovate and take on new commercial challenges to grow and better serve our community. Their success demonstrates that free-to-play experiences across mobile, console and PC not only extend the reach of a franchise but can also lead to strong in-game monetization and sales of premium content. Call of Duty's success highlights the great potential across our portfolio as we continue to focus on extending our fully owned intellectual property to new platforms, new geographies and new business models. 
Blizzard also recorded strong growth in the first quarter led by World of Warcraft. After doubling in the second half of 2019, the WoW active community grew further in Q1. Blizzard is seeing strong increases in engagement across our franchises as people around the world stay home, adding to business momentum as our game teams execute against the strongest pipeline of content in Blizzard's history. 
At King, Candy Crush was again the top-grossing game franchise across U.S. app stores with engagement increasing sharply towards the end of the quarter. To enable our community to play even more as a part of the stay-at-home initiative, in late March, King offered unlimited free lives across many of their titles, resulting in the number of game rounds played in a single day shattering all prior records. Momentum continued to increase in April with strong year-over-year growth in reach, engagement and player investment. 
As we build on our strong first quarter results and our continuing momentum, I'm excited to introduce our new President and Chief Operating Officer, Daniel Alegre. From his long tenure at Google, Daniel brings deep experience building direct digital relationships with consumers, fostering strategic relationships with key industry partners and driving rapid growth internationally and in early-stage businesses. His expertise and commitment to excellence and execution will be his focus. 
I'd also like to thank Coddy Johnson for his extraordinary contributions to the continued success of the company during his 12-year tenure and for being a truly, truly valued friend. 
Of course, our strong business performance wouldn't be possible without the efforts of our dedicated, talented and truly empathic teams around the world. We are so grateful for the work you're doing under extremely challenging circumstances. We're also appreciative of the continued support of our shareholders, partners and players, and we wish you and your families health and safety through what remains a difficult time. 
And now Daniel will review the highlights of our operations with you.

And I would just add, I think that our teams are doing an extraordinary job right now on continuing to stay focused, work hard, deliver great content, but it is a challenging process. We still have a lot of uncertainty for the future. And I think that it's hard to know a year from now or 2 years from now what the impacts of all of this will be on our development processes, on the way we go to market, on the economics of selling games. 
So more to come as we have more clarity over the next few months, but we remain focused on execution of our strategy. And I think that our teams are doing a truly extraordinary job of accomplishing that.