Thank you, Chris, and thank you all for joining us today. Through incredibly challenging circumstances, our focused execution and increased investment in people and new content enabled us to achieve record results during 2020.
On a GAAP basis, revenues increased year-over-year by 25%. Operating income increased 70% to $2.7 billion and earnings per share increased by 45%. Since present management assumed control of the company 30 years ago, our returns to shareholders have been 4x greater than the returns generated by the S&P 500 during the same period of time. Our shareholders had the benefit of our strong financial performance in 2020, and our 400 million players had the benefit of the connection and joy our games delivered each and every day.
In a year filled with adversity, our mission, connecting and engaging the world through epic entertainment has never been more important. I'm incredibly proud of our employees and the way they responded with resilience, compassion and dedication to support each other and our communities. And with almost 400 million players in 190 countries, our games welcome some of the most diverse audiences in the world.
We have long understood that we simply cannot create broad appeal entertainment without diverse views, voices and talents. To that end, we continue to invest in initiatives to identify and develop emerging leaders and exceptional talent, both within our company and throughout our industry and other sectors.
Our company and our employees remain committed to the communities in which we operate. One important example of our community commitment is the Call of Duty Endowment. Our efforts to place veterans in high-quality jobs provide our company as well as thousands of other employers with the most dedicated, ambitious, disciplined and hard-working talent.
We resolutely believe the heroes who serve their countries to protect freedom and liberty deserve special opportunities as a result of their surface. With unemployment rates skyrocketing, we still managed to achieve our most successful year ever placing over 15,000 veterans into high-quality jobs in 2020.
Of those we help placed last year, 21% were women and 28% were black. Metrics in which we take great pride, considering that women veterans and black veterans composed just 10% and 12%, respectively, of the U.S. veteran community.
Since 2009, we funded the placement of 81,000 veterans into new jobs, but now more than ever, we must ensure that our dedicated public servants have access to the very best employment opportunities. We've also sought to create career pathways for talented young people, especially from backgrounds that have been historically underrepresented in tech and entertainment. Our investment in management leadership for tomorrow has allowed that organization to grow its extraordinary career preparation program doubling the number of participants and equipping high achieving black, Latinx and indigenous Americans with skills and coaching to accelerate their careers.
Our support for the United Negro College Fund has funded scholarships for some of our nation's most promising youths. These initiatives further remind the 10,000 people who work at Activision Blizzard that purpose and meaning is the most powerful way to broaden the connection and engagement that our games offer to so many.
Our employees around the world are determined to serve our audiences and deliver acceleration through accomplishment, provide welcome and necessary distraction during turbulent times and enable moments of solace and comfort throughout the day. We create safe venues that reward unity and celebrate our differences. Differences is sometimes unnecessarily divide our society. Gaming connects people more deeply than any other form of media, and video games are redefining what it means to interact socially.
In 2020, we introduced even more ways for players to connect and find community, particularly in Call of Duty. Our approach to the franchise has become the road map we are now applying to many of our other games. Within Call of Duty, we have meaningfully expanded social connections and improved engagement through free-to-play experiences on mobile phones, computers and game consoles. These initiatives expanded franchise reach with over 250 million people playing Call of Duty last year, more than tripling the 70 million people who played Call of Duty in 2018.
Our approach has made the franchise more social than ever, benefiting both our players and our business performance. Call of Duty players who play in groups with friends spend over 3x more hours in the game and invest around 3x more on in-game content compared to other players. And we've really only just started to scratch the surface of what's possible for social interaction within our franchises, and we have initiatives underway to enhance the social nature of all of our key franchises.
Call of Duty has also established a clear blueprint for franchise-based innovation and we're applying this strategy across our other core franchises to grow reach, engagement and player investment. As I mentioned, we had roughly 400 million monthly active players in 2020, and we're accelerating our path to reach 1 billion players as we apply the Call of Duty framework across our other wholly-owned franchises. Of course, we always begin the process with inspiration and creativity. We then offer great gameplay through free-to-play access to all consumers availability on mobile phones and continuous regular delivery of in-game content and premium content.
In Call of Duty, we expect further growth, both in our traditional regions and new countries as we continue to enhance the player experience across all platforms.
In the Diablo franchise, Diablo Immortal, our upcoming free-to-play mobile title was extremely well received during its recent regional testing. And this has set the stage for the franchise to meaningfully expand its global reach. In addition to launching new Diablo content this year, our highly anticipated Diablo IV is on the horizon. As we execute on our Diablo pipeline, we expect the franchise to contribute meaningfully to our reach, engagement and player investment growth in the coming quarters and years ahead.
In our Warcraft franchise, we intend to deliver more frequent premium content to sustain and expand the World of Warcraft community. And we've made multiple mobile free-to-play Warcraft experiences, and they're now in advanced development based on our franchises beloved IP. This will create opportunities for both existing players and new fans to experience the Warcraft universe in entirely new ways.
For Overwatch, we intend to not only reinvigorate the franchise for the existing community with the launch of Overwatch 2, but also substantially broaden the community through business model and growth initiatives across platforms.
And in Candy Crush, which more than 0.5 billion people have already played since launch, we have a clear opportunity to continue winning back players as we execute against the pipeline of social and competitive features that current, lapsed and future players will find compelling.
As we expand the opportunities for fans to engage with our games and our intellectual property overall, we expect our strong financial performance to continue. Three franchises generated over $1 billion in net bookings in 2020, and we're on a clear path to further increase their growth, engagement and monetization. We expect at least 2 additional franchises will reach similar scale over the next couple of years. We plan to grow earnings per share again this year given the structural expansion we've driven in our largest franchises, and we'll maintain our focus and further increase our investment in creative talent while continuing to reposition our business to leverage our direct digital relationships with players and to take advantage of the increasing demand around the world for our games.
And 2022 should see even more significant growth given our planned release of new content across multiple platforms. We're confident that executing against our plans will allow us to realize the full potential of our portfolio of fully-owned intellectual property and deliver superior shareholder returns as we have for 3 decades. Of course, none of this would be achievable without the unwavering commitment of our employees and our players around the world. And of course, thank you to our shareholders for your ongoing support.
Daniel will now review the highlights of our record year with you.

Operator, can we have our next question, please?

Operator, can we have the next question, please?

Operator, next question please.

Can we have the next question, please.

Operator, can we have the next question, please.

Can we have the next question, please.

Operator, can we squeeze in one last question, please.

All right. Thank you, everyone. We really appreciate your interest and participation today, and we look forward to hopefully seeing you either at BlizzConline in a few weeks or in-game somewhere. Thanks, and have a great day.