Thank you, Chris, and thank you all for joining us today. Our second quarter results exceeded our prior outlook for both revenue and earnings per share. In the first half of 2019, we prioritized investments in our key franchises, and we expect to expand reach, deepen engagement and drive player investment as a result. We're very encouraged by the early results of this renewed focus. Our 300 million players spent tens of billions of hours every year watching and playing our games, yet we believe we're just scratching the surface in terms of fulfilling the reach, engagement and player investment potential of our franchises. We see even more clearly than ever before the potential for growth across all our franchises as we create great content for new and existing platforms, leverage our wide array of business models and capitalize on new engagement models. Each of our business units is focused on delivering more frequent, more compelling, more engaging content, and the focus is already delivering better-than-expected results.
This month, Blizzard is proud to be celebrating the 15th anniversary of World of Warcraft with the release of World of Warcraft Classic. Well over 100 million players have played World of Warcraft since its launch, and the upcoming release is a great example of Blizzard responding to our players' encouragement. We're excited to welcome over 40,000 Blizzard fans at BlizzCon this November and millions more around the world via live stream. The teams at Blizzard are hard at work to ensure that this is truly the best BlizzCon we have ever hosted.
At Activision, more platforms, more countries, more players is the new Call of Duty battle cry. We intend to drive Call of Duty to greater scale than ever before through the release of Modern Warfare and Call of Duty Mobile. And we believe we'll achieve greater reach, engagement and player investment than ever before. And at King, Candy Crush continues to crush it, and it was once again the #1 app on the U.S. mobile app store.
We remain the industry leader in esports, and we will broaden the audience of Call of Duty even further through the launch of Call of Duty global league. We've now sold 8 teams, all at a premium to the initial Overwatch League team sales and with superb owners. And the 2019 season of the Overwatch League continues to break viewership records. In the second quarter, the season stage 2 finals live on ABC was the best-performing esports broadcast to date across ESPN and ABC. And both stage 2 and stage 3 recorded double-digit growth in hours watched year-over-year. Our organization and our team owners are now preparing to host games in their home markets for the next year. And it really is remarkable that in just the league's third year, our owners are actually able to host games in their home markets. And we're excited to see regular-season games in cities around the world as well, especially across North America, China, South Korea, France and the United Kingdom.
This content is creating great opportunities for broadcasters, sponsors and advertisers. We believe no professional sports league has accomplished anything like we've accomplished in a 3-year period in all of sports history. And our in-game advertising initiatives are continuing to grow at incredible rates. Advertising net bookings doubled year-over-year in the second quarter. And with the foundation for advertising initiatives now in place, we're actively exploring opportunities to leverage these capabilities across other parts of the business, especially with our esports content. We remain excited about our growth prospects. We're laser-focused on our priorities and our opportunities have never been more compelling. None of our success would be possible without the most talented, focused, committed employees in our industry and the support of our stakeholders. We're grateful for both.
Thank you, and now Coddy will review the highlights of our operations for this quarter with you.