Thank you, Chris, and thank you all for joining us today. Our results for the Q2 exceeded our prior outlook, and we've delivered record first half revenues and earnings per share. Our franchises continue to entertain large audiences, drive deep engagement and attract significant audience investment. We have unique assets and capabilities. Many of today's most successful technology companies commercialize content they don't themselves create, either user-generated content or content produced by outside parties, and usually through a single type of monetization, either advertising or subscription fees as examples.
We are both. We deliver our own content, interactive and live linear programming, on mobile devices, personal computers and game systems in almost every country [  in the world, ]  and we are one of the world's best creators of professionally produced content. Over 350 million [  customers ] consume our content each month, and when they engage, they spend roughly 50 minutes per day and can invest in our content through purchases from both online and physical retailers, subscriptions, downloadable content, virtual and physical items and through participation in digital advertising.
Virtually all of our content is based on intellectual property we own and created by our wholly owned studios in the U.S. and Canada, Europe and Asia and staffed by the most talented programmers, designers, artists and animators in the world. We are in a privileged position. We have a direct digital connection with our customers. We are a creator of premium content, and we have multiple monetization models at scale.
Our success is driven by the enthusiasm our audiences have for our games and for the linear content inspired by our games. Perhaps most  importantly, the loyalty our audience has for our franchises comes from an unwavering commitment we have to creating the very best content year-after-year. We do this in recognition of the commitment our audience has made to us and the sense of belonging, meaning and purpose our communities uniquely engender. The engagement of our community members builds passion for our franchises that extends well beyond games, as we saw this past weekend with millions of spectators watching the Overwatch League finals. And we'll see this loyalty on display again in November when we host the Overwatch World Cup Finals in Anaheim.
We're just scratching the surface on the full potential of our 8 $1 billion franchises and our network of hundreds of millions of users. We've taken some of the most important first steps in meeting our fans' desires to have more of their favorite franchises in their everyday lives. In the last year, we paved the way as the industry leader in esports, making our franchises even more enduring.
We're also making important progress across all our mobile initiatives, which will increase the reach of our games significantly. Last weekend, the Overwatch League held its inaugural grand finals event at the Barclays Center in New York. The event was the culmination of a very successful inaugural season. Our incredibly talented employees built a global competitive league from the ground up. And in our first season alone, we brought celebrating our players to a new level, our live event and viewing experience and world-class production quality on par with the best of professional sports. We teamed up with 12 extraordinary team owners. We attracted some of the best traditional and esports partners, bringing years of invaluable experience to the league. We brought the power of professionalized esports to multiple partners. We signed media rights deals with the leaders in streaming and traditional broadcast and attracted global fans to serve as inaugural season sponsors. And we held the sold-out championship in New York's Barclays Center with millions of global viewers watching the finals, including through our own MLG Network and broadcast partners like Disney and Amazon. Our unique approach to esports with a focus on city-based teams, professional players, structured economics and premium content has already started to pay off for our partners, our shareholders and most importantly, our players.
Today, we announced the first set of Season 2 team sales, welcoming new team owners from across the globe into the league. These great partners have seen the success of the Overwatch League and the opportunity to help build the sport of the future. We're thrilled to partner with them and look forward to announcing additional new partners for Season 2 throughout the rest of this year.
As the mainstream popularity of esports continues to grow, we're well positioned to leverage the success of our Overwatch League model to develop new esports opportunities in the future. While esports give our existing fans a new and everlasting way to celebrate their favorite games and expands the appeal to broader audiences, our mobile initiatives will expand our access to our iconic franchises by making them available to hundreds of millions of new players around the world. We have multiple mobile initiatives underway, including some with partners with strong mobile experience and local market knowledge.
Today's Call of Duty mobile game announcement with Tencent is part of our effort to ensure our very best franchises are available to mobile audiences in all geographies. We had a record last 6 months, and we're excited about our upcoming releases, including World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth, Call of Duty: Black Ops 4 and a major franchise release from King. As always, we thank you, our shareholders and our partners, as well as our talented teams around the world for all of your support and hard work.
And now Coddy will review our operational highlights from the quarter.