Thank you, Chris, and thank you all for joining us today. For more than a year now, amid very challenging conditions, the teams at Activision Blizzard have played an important role in supporting and serving our community of 400 million players in 190 countries.  
Our teams have kept players connected using our platform to comfort, inspire and draw people together. Their hard work and dedication enabled us to deliver significantly better-than-expected first quarter results. First quarter net bookings increased year-over-year by 36% to $2.1 billion. Non-GAAP operating income grew 38% and non-GAAP earnings per share increased by 29%. 
Year-over-year performance was driven by our 3 largest franchises: Call of Duty, Warcraft and Candy Crush, with each delivering strong double-digit growth in net bookings. This over performance was well ahead of our expectations and confirms that our multiyear franchise strategy and continued execution is delivering value to our shareholders.  
With momentum continuing across our business, we're raising our financial outlook for the year. In the last 20 years, we've delivered 21% compound rates of return as compared to the S&P 500, which delivered 8% compounded rates of return. $1,000 invested in Activision in 2001 would be worth over $45,000 today as compared to $4,900 in the S&P 500. This performance is possible because of our deep library of franchises.  
We own some of the most enduring and popular global entertainment franchises, supported by the very best creative teams in our industry. Our strategy centers around our long-held view that wholly-owned entertainment franchises offer the opportunity for limitless innovation. We continue to increase investment in creative and commercial resources for our franchises and potential new franchises to deliver new compelling experiences for players and superior financial returns for our shareholders. With free-to-play entry points across mobile, PC and console, Call of Duty experienced an increase of over 100 million players in a little over a year.  
Call of Duty is the template we're applying to our proven franchises as well as our new potential franchises as we attempt to grow our audiences to 1 billion players. Our increase in live operations is reflected in last quarter's results and our forward outlook as we've seen our business shift from a seasonal focus with a holiday emphasis, to an always-on business model with far less seasonality. This quarter also marked the 5-year anniversary of our acquisition of King and the Candy Crush franchise. With the Candy Crush team delivering more year-round content to over 200 million monthly players, King's business is delivering excellent results. Segment revenue grew over 20% year-over-year to reach a new record in the first quarter. It's especially noteworthy that of the top 10 mobile franchises worldwide, at the time we announced the acquisition of King, no other game has grown in-app revenues over the period or matched Candy's compound growth rate. King's advertising business continues to deliver spectacular results, too, with revenue growing 70% year-over-year in the first quarter.  
As we look ahead, demand for our content has never been stronger. We continue to ramp our investment in creative and development talent, especially with increased competition from Chinese companies and platform providers, and this will allow us to better serve our players. From the start of 2020 through the end of next year, we intend to hire more than 2,000 developers. We plan to triple the size of certain franchise teams compared to those team sizes in 2019.  
And we have aggressive hiring plans around the world, including new studios or major expansion in Poland, China, Australia and Canada. And as our shareholders expect, we remain laser-focused on finding and retaining the best talent in the industry and always aligning performance and reward. From the extensive shareholder outreach we conducted this past year reaching well over 60% of our shareholders, we are pleased that our company-wide pay-for-performance compensation philosophy and ESG initiatives are aligned with the expectations of our shareholders.  
This quarter, we'll release our first ESG report, highlighting our commitment to the environment, human capital management, social good, the very best governance practices and their direct connection to the creation of shareholder value. While the report is new, our commitment to these practices and shareholder value creation is not. In particular, we've long appreciated that the creation of broadly appealing games requires diverse views, diverse voices and diverse skills and an environment that fosters inclusion. And importantly, our ESG report will include our commitments to help ensure that our scale serves our players, our employees, our communities and especially our shareholders and that those commitments are embedded into and across our business.  
Also in the service of our shareholders, I'm pleased to introduce Armin Zerza as our new Chief Financial Officer. Armin's deep experience as a global finance and operations executive and his contributions as Chief Operating Officer of Blizzard and Chief Commercial Officer of the company, make him especially well suited to serve as our next CFO. In his 6 years with the company, Armin has been a central figure in the company's continued growth and record financial results. He has the commitment to profitable growth and operational excellence that our shareholders have always recognized us for. And Armin comes to the role with an incredible team assembled by Dennis and Thomas over the last decade. Dennis has been a key contributor in some of the most value-creating moments of our history, including the buyback of control from Vivendi in 2013 and our expansion into mobile through the acquisition of King. Dennis' contributions have meaningfully shaped our culture, leaving the company in a much stronger position than when he joined 10 years ago.  
Dennis, on behalf of Brian, Thomas and our Board of Directors, I thank you for your friendship, your partnership and your leadership.

I'll take that, and thanks, Tyler. Thanks for the question. Well, first and foremost, it is clearly great news that the regions are starting to reopen. It's great to see people out and about and obviously healthy. We've been looking at engagement trends very, very closely. And as you'd probably expect, the trends vary between the franchises, depending on the nature of the audience and also the type of the game. Now we do see some variation between regions that are reopening versus those that are locking back down. But overall, as we continue to execute against our strategy, we really continue to see strong engagement across each of our largest franchises. And importantly, player investment really remains very consistent across regions. And that's important to note. 
I'd reiterate that while we have seen some benefit from sheltering from the home similar to the rest of the gaming industry, we do believe that much of the expansion that we've seen in our latest -- the largest franchises is due to product initiatives that we've implemented, be it the launch of Warzone and Call of Duty Mobile or the introduction of classic and a great WoW expansion in Shadowlands or our work to grow the payer base and deliver more frequent compelling content in Candy. And I think some of the comments you heard today support that in terms of how April went for us even as some of the regions have continued to open. For instance, Call of Duty season 3 is on a similarly strong trajectory as we've seen for season 1 and season 2. The current season of Call of Duty Mobile is tracking as the best yet in terms of player investment in the West. And World of Warcraft is performing very well, with strong engagement ahead of the upcoming launch of Burning Crusade classic and can't ignore Candy. Candy is continuing to grow year-over-year against really tough comps. 
So these trends really do show our ability to build on the expansion that we've already seen in some of our franchises even as regions reopen. And as we look forward, we see a long-term trend of more people gaming than ever before in more geographies and on more platforms. And that's been going on for decades. And we only see that continuing with gaming becoming an even more significant form of social connection and obviously, entertainment. So it's great to see so many people being vaccinated around the world and some regions reopening. And we're encouraged by the fact that we're seeing engagement as economies reopen. But as ever, we remain prudent in our outlook. And I appreciate your question. Hopefully, that answers it.