Thank you all for joining us today. Our results for the third quarter exceeded our prior outlook as we continue to entertain large audiences, drive deep engagement and attract significant audience investment across our franchises. 
Last quarter, on average, 345 million people played our games each month, and our players spent a record 52 minutes per day playing Activision Blizzard and King games. Our unique advantage is the ability to create the most compelling interactive and spectator entertainment based on our own franchises, combined with our direct digital connection to hundreds of millions of customers in over 190 countries. With these competitive advantages, we continue to connect and engage the world through epic entertainment. 
Very few companies are able to consistently deliver compelling content to hundreds of millions of customers. Fewer still can provide their audiences with flexible methods of payment for that content. For our hundreds of millions of customers, we now offer content on phones, computers and video game consoles and subscription billing, direct digital download billing, virtual item sales, digital advertising, and of course, we still sell our products through tens of thousands of stores around the world. 
As an example of the breadth of our capabilities, we launched Call of Duty: Black Ops 4 on October 12. Ordinarily, we launch new Call of Duty titles this week in November, but we believe holiday customers, of which there are millions, will benefit from more players in the game earlier. Our engagement to date is better than any Call of Duty content in recent years and spectator viewing is higher than ever before. 
As a franchise, Call of Duty has now generated more revenue than the Marvel cinematic universe in the box office and double that of the cumulative box office of Star Wars. We have an exciting future plan for Call of Duty players, including our new Call of Duty professional player opportunities, and lots of exciting new content in 2019 and beyond. 
We remain focused on the key growth drivers of our business that we believe present meaningful revenue and engagement upside, including live operations, mobile and investment in new and growing franchise engagement models. We're pleased with our early momentum in areas like our advertising initiatives, which continue to exceed our plans, as revenues grew almost 50% sequentially. 
And we are further strengthening our leadership position in esports, having now sold 20 teams globally through the Overwatch League at substantially higher prices because of league financial overperformance versus our original plans and the energy that was brought through the first season of the league by our new owners. 
As always, we thank you, our community, our shareholders and our partners, as well as our talented teams around the world for all of their support and hard work. 
And now, on to Coddy.

One thing to add, Brian, is when we got the feedback from people who actually had the chance on a hands-on basis to play the game, it was really positive.