Thank you, Will, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased with our strong start to 2018. Steps we've taken to preserve near-term EBITDA are taking hold and we're progressing well on our long-term growth initiatives. We have a differentiated competitive position in the travel ecosystem with our global brand, our audience size and the rich value proposition in the dreaming, planning, booking, in-destination and sharing phases of a trip. Our overall influence in travel continues to grow, as evidenced by our continued traffic growth, and we're excited about our plans for the quarters and the years ahead. 
With that brief intro, Ernst and I are ready for your questions.

Well, thanks, Lloyd. Great question. I love talking about sponsor placements because it is a new product for us. It's appealing to all hoteliers and all restaurateurs globally. It takes advantage of the fact that there is and always has been a lot of traffic on our site, a lot of travelers who aren't yet ready to make a purchase, but TripAdvisor is being used to influence where, in fact, they're going to stay. And so for our hoteliers and restaurateurs, to be able to influence where they're going to stay, where they're going to eat well prior to the purchase is a great benefit for our clients and, obviously, helpful to the travelers. You'll see sponsor placements appear on most every page. Certainly, what we call our list pages, I'm looking for a hotel in the city, as well as in the cross sells when I'm looking at a particular hotel and it may not be right for me and so I want to find out something -- I want to look for some -- a different property nearby or just a different option. And so all of those are good candidates for sponsor placements. And just like any ad product, as we build out more clients with hoteliers, we're going to be getting much better at presenting the right hotel featured in that sponsor listing, so the click-through rate on that hotel will go up. So I think it's fairly safe to say we have plenty of traffic on the site given the couple of hundred million of hotel shoppers. The product is equally applicable on the phone and on desktop. So it's not subject to kind of a headwind challenge of any shift to mobile, and it's particularly valuable for our widest range of clients not just our big ones, the OTAs, but also individual properties that want to make sure that they're discovered. In terms of modeling out where it could be in 3 years, we obviously think it could be quite large. But we're just at the beginning. We just -- for hotels, we just launched it at the very end of last year. Early quarters. It's not particularly meaningful in anything right now but I do want you to -- I mean I thank you for the question and I'm glad you're looking at it because it is a sign of where we think the business has wonderful growth potential, independent of kind of everything else that we're doing in the Hotel category.

Sure. This is Steve. So I'll take the Non-Hotel drivers. So primarily, as we've shared, experiences in restaurants are the bigger growing segments of that. For experiences, we think the supply growth is awesome and we look forward to continue. There's so many more attractions towards operators' experiences that can come online and take advantage of the demand that we already have, and that's a pretty important lens to view this group because as we bring on supply, as we see our supply growth numbers, we're immediately able to turn that into revenue without necessarily the corresponding jump in that tied to the demand on the Trip site because we already have the demand. We're just able to monetize it a lot better when we have transaction capabilities. So you see growth across our Viator point of sales, across our pure white label  attraction or experience channels and, of course, the TripAdvisor engine hums along faster than almost everything else. We're also particularly excited, obviously, not for Q1 but going forward, with our latest acquisition in the space, which adds our Bokun, our software-as-a-service business software for tour operators and experiences to help us deliver really a better traveler experience by having more inventory available, better availability to last minute, more seamless, frictionless stability to book on your phone when you're in destination and all of that, the goodness that can come from having some direct relationships with the operators. Restaurants is more of the same, which is a good thing to be able to talk about as improved seated diners, we continue to grow supply and kind of business is doing well in all of the markets that we're in.

Super. Happy to take the first one. Then I'll let Ernst take the second. Yes, we've been making many quarters' worth of mobile rev per shopper improvements. And yes, we expect to continue to see that, in part because all of our ongoing optimizations to improve conversion on the site are either led by mobile or a mobile experience as part of the initial release. So we have teams as we have for a while that work on improvements, and those obviously, get rolled out on all of our platforms. We fully expect that to continue. I will point out sort of part 2 of that is more travelers are getting used to buying more things on their phone, independent of TripAdvisor's action that tendency to book means there's more qualified traffic on that device. More qualified traffic means more downstream bookings for our clients, which means they're able to pay more for the traffic. So I would expect that to just be an ongoing secular tailwind for us in the category, leading me to my confidence that our continued -- our RPS will continue to go up on the phone.

And then from a competitive perspective, I think of our biggest competitor is simply the traveler  saying I'm going to buy it when I get there. I'm going to call up to make a reservation. It's just the lack of awareness that I can and should buy these experiences online. And I think we have tremendous tailwinds to, just as hotels experienced decades for us ago, of, well, of course, it's now natural to find what you're looking for, to shop around, to get the best price and the best experience online. And we happen to have -- TripAdvisor media group happens to have a huge amount of demand of people doing that now and then going offline to book because we didn't have the booking capabilities. So again, it's tapping into the demand that we have. And while we certainly have competitors who are selling experiences online, it's much less a us versus them, in my view, than growing the total size of the pie that we've seen that is booked online. That's the huge opportunity over the next several years.

Sure. Thanks, Mark. I'll take the first and Ernst will take the second. On the inventory types, we're really benefiting from the marketplace. So we have a great view into where the demand is for travelers on TripAdvisor specifically, and so we target our sales reps or account managers to go fill that demand as much as possible with the opportunity to book the experience in advance. A lot of the growth is coming from the growing awareness of TripAdvisor as -- and Viator is a big alternative demand channel for the owners, so they're simply coming in and signing up. And so we have a whole bunch of tech investments under the covers that are all around making that process to get more supply and continue that level of 80-plus-percent growth rate for many years to come because there's so much out there, because we have the demand and because we always believe in providing the most choice possible for our travelers.

Yes. So with this new company, we're able to help bring a lot more inventory online because so many of the experienced companies still aren't -- still don't have any software that's helped them run their business that can also deliver the online bookability. So point one for Bokun is they have a great company. We welcome them all into the fold. Point two, the software that they have really should be and we're making available globally to bring the inventory online so that travelers on Trip or on the Viator or on our third-party channels can find it and book it, and that's just a win-win all around. And with the Bokun part of the family, we're able to make that easily done for attraction owners, make it very affordable for attraction owners and that, obviously, helps our entire ecosystem. 2018 financial impact, Ernst, do you want to comment on the meaningfulness of it?

So that's a great question. I don't want to tip my hat on -- tip my hand on when we would be doing that, but I will reiterate that part of our differentiation and part of the awareness of TripAdvisor in the travel ecosystem is the fact that we have much more than just hotels. To be clear, we love hotels and we expect that to return to top line growth and we're showing great progress in the system there. But part of all of TripAdvisor is helping you on the entire trip and we want to make sure everyone knows about that. And so one should reasonably assume that we will grow our marketing of Attractions and other things in ways that work for our other businesses, such as TV. So I'm not giving you a particular time frame, but certainly setting the expectation that it's more a matter of when not if.

Sure. So we have tremendous brand awareness in almost every country around the world on the topic of reviews: a trusted community, always use TripAdvisor to plan the trip. But a surprising number of people didn't understand that we also have one of the best price comparison engines out there. So if you're looking not only for the best hotel but that hotel at the best price, you're looking to compare, do your own individual trade-offs between well, am I willing to spend an extra $10 for a slightly better hotel or not, TripAdvisor is the perfect place to do it. And that message is the core message that we're running our TV ads with, and it's working. We're driving increased price awareness of TripAdvisor as the place to find the best price, to compare your deals. And as you know, we did that last year where you've seen our positive results. We've increased our spend. So that piece of that strategy is working and we've found no indications or we haven't seen any indications that it's hurting our brand or consumer awareness as the trusted review site that we started at. Not saying that that'll be the only message going forward, but I'm certainly saying it's working for us now. Details on the holistic end-to-end user experience. Well, if you think about what TripAdvisor offers today to so many people, they might come in starting their travel plan with a flight search, move to a hotel search, think about what they want to do in destination and, of course, they need to eat. And some of that is during the trip, some of that is well in advance. Some of it is armchair traveling. We have so many users that, of course, it's touching all segments. The end-to-end experience that we talk about, you see in some of our travel planning tools that are on the site now and that we really want to highlight so that -- and this is an ongoing kind of work stream. It's been ongoing, it will continue because it's a core differentiated feature of TripAdvisor that you can do all of this planning and it's really hard/impossible to do that anywhere else. So we have a business unit that we call Core Experience dedicated to providing the common user experience across everything on the TripAdvisor point of sale and then working on some of the newer functionality that we haven't launched yet, we haven't talked about yet that will kind of help drive an experience that, as we say internally, is more than the sum of the individual shopping experience. It's more than the sum of the parts. But I'll have to keep you in suspense on that for a bit longer.

And then GDPR, we, obviously, like most companies have been aware of it for quite some time, so we don't expect a meaningful impact on our business at this point.

Yes. So I do think returning to hotel shopper growth is in the cards. Again, we've throttled some of our performance spend, which helps us drive better quality traffic to the site and, therefore, kind of more downstream bookings, the core thing that we care the most about. But we've also ramped up our television spend. Why? Because that'll drive more shoppers and more qualified shoppers to the site. So I'd still reiterate, we're certainly looking for growth in hotel shoppers and overall hotel revenue as we've done our changes. The things I was referring to a few moments ago with the Core Ex business unit and some of the improvements that are coming, obviously, aim to build out a more complete travel experience, which in turn gets more people engaged in the funnel, drives more membership, which drives more overall usage of our product that, by definition, helps grow hotel shoppers. As large as we are, we feel there's still plenty of room to have more people trying to use TripAdvisor to plan their trip.

Yes. Insightful question. So we have been receiving performance data. And to be clear, it's just a signal from our partners that says -- many of our partners, not all, that the clicks that we send downstream have turned into bookings on their side because all of our clients are looking to sell that hotel room and it's less about raw traffic to them as bookings that we drive. As they give us the signal that says, "Hey, click a is more valuable than click b," we can, in turn, change our traffic acquisition mix and our on-site behavior of how we're pulling travelers through the shopping experience to make sure they're more qualified. And I'll give you a very simple example of the latter. It's relatively easy for us on our site, if we wanted to, to say, essentially, "Click here to partner a; click here to partner b," very much very loud without first helping the traveler understand whether this is the right hotel for them. We generate more clicks, which in the old model would have generated more revenue for us, but it wasn't necessarily generating more bookings. And so by making sure the traveler on our site is more qualified, they understand what they're looking to purchase before we send them over to our client site. That increases the bookings and, of course, if our bookings increase on the client side, our CPCs hold will go up.

And then when we kind of look at some of the Core Ex improvements, again, some of it is just very foundational. You'd have to look carefully to see it on the site. The site's becoming more consistent across all of our different verticals. Some of it is just we're putting a smarter cross sell or a smarter offer in front of a user. When a hotel doesn't have availability, we don't want to lose them. So let's make some other recommendations and let's make them better recommendations. And we see meaningful wins there. I'd paint it as they're all relatively small individual wins that happen several times a month, and they just add up over the course of the year. And that's part of what we call our revenue optimization or our site optimization. And it's across, again, the sites, the app, our CRM, our e-mails, our notifications, all the things that we have with respect to a traveler who's on a journey and making sure we're sending them the right message at the right time given that we're more than a one-product company.

Sure. I'll try to hit all of those. So of course, retargeting is part of our performance-based advertising, but it's been that way for a while. So I'd say there is RPS improvement because we're looking closer at the downstream booking signal versus the straight click count when we're buying our advertising, as Ernst was talking about. But I wouldn't say retargeting was a much bigger or much smaller component than it has been. The TV ramping in our new markets, because we saw success when we launched last year in our top 6, we're obviously continuing and spending more there but also expanding into an additional set of markets, and we expect a similar growth curve in terms of the TV return on ad spend. So the curves are all what you'd expect. The newer markets will take a little longer to build and right now, we're receiving some of the benefit of having started the TV almost 1 year ago.

Well, I think of it as just one of the things -- one of the many things that we're doing to invest heavily in our experiences business unit. So we're making kind of onboarding supply from any partner direct from the attraction or through any other aggregator much easier. That's an initiative. We've got our international initiatives making sure that our tours and attractions can be booked in as many languages as possible. We have our ongoing conversion optimizations, both on TripAdvisor and on Viator, to help make the -- to help the traveler find what they're looking for faster and easier and book it. And then we have the longer-term supply initiative of enabling, through Bokun, thousands of additional suppliers who will eventually go online but, through this technology, can ideally go online a lot sooner. And of course, if they're going online, it's helping them fill their tours and it helps TripAdvisor monetize those great experiences and the consumer wins because whether you're booking in advance or in destination, they have that level of convenience. And so again, there's a number of players in that particular space helping attractions go online and we feel we can accelerate that overall trend, which will help us and help everyone else in the Attractions category.

Well, great. Thanks again, everyone, for joining the call. 2018 is off to a good start, and I want to thank all TripAdvisor media group employees around the world for their continued hard work. 
I look forward to updating you on our progress in the next few months. Thanks, everyone.