Thank you, Will, and good morning, everyone. To summarize our prepared remarks from last night, we posted a strong quarter. We're hitting our key 2018 objectives. We expect healthy EBITDA growth next year, and we're investing in a number of attractive growth opportunities. We put the business on a great path, and we're excited about what's ahead. 
Let's now open up the call for questions.

And this is Steve, talking about the referrals that we send downstream to our partners on the lower hotel shopper number. I mean, it's certainly a truism that all shoppers are not created equal. So this is a 2-part answer. The first is I think we found better ways to find the type of hotel shoppers that are naturally more interested in booking something right now. So we're better able to buy, we'll call them, lower-funnel shoppers. So the overall number may be lower, but the quality of them coming into the store -- to our store, is higher. And then second, once they're coming in, yes, we continue to make meaningful gains in on-site conversion, especially on the phone, which is driving more downstream referrals. So the -- we don't look specifically at the -- how much we spend per referral. We always look at it as how much profit can we make for every referral that we buy.

Lloyd, Steve here. So I'll take the first one and defer the second to Ernst. So we have been testing, obviously, our new experiences, both from a product functionality as well as what are some user seeds. It was a closed beta we let the publishers on. And of course, we think it's a really great user experience that's going to enable travelers to stop hopping or to reduce the popping around to lots of different websites, find all the content they want on TripAdvisor, believe it's trusted from all their sources and pull them down the funnel. So it's an additive feature, if you will, to our robust ecosystem, as opposed to mentally thinking of it as something completely different. When we look at our test markets, our initial things, I remind everyone that, for the traffic that's just looking at a hotel, they just wants to book a hotel. The site actually isn't very different right now because that component of our segment of our traffic that's ready to book is looking our hotel list page. They're looking at a hotel detail page. And they find all the info they want. The social experience, by design, does not get in the way of any of that. When you look at the homepage and who's coming to the homepage, folks who are looking to plan their trip, looking to figure things out. The top part of the page now offers up more of our product opportunities, so not just a hotel search. And then the bottom of the page that wasn't used very much before now has a very rich social experience. So again, additive, and that's what our users are telling us as we've tested it internally in our closed beta and with some external users, is that it's not getting in the way of anything that they were doing. Yay. We care a lot about that, the monetization of our current behavior. But it's now inspiring and offering more reasons to come back. After the launch, after it kind of rolls out next week, then we're really going to be able to start looking at cohorts of users, how many new members do we get, what the regular weekly repeat, monthly repeat and all the rest of the metrics that we hope will be driven in a positive direction from this.

So we crossed the 50% number this past quarter in terms of mobile hotel shoppers versus desktop. We continue to grow our mobile hotel shopper -- both shoppers as well as revenue per shopper on the phone. This is continuing a long trend for us now. The product's obviously getting better. Shoppers are more comfortable booking on the phone so the referrals that we send downstream to our partners are booking better, and our click revenue continues to grow. So while, to be clear, it's still a headwind compared to desktop, it's lessening. And you see that in the results of having grown overall revenue per shopper this quarter even with the shift to the phone. So going well. Happy about it on both app and mobile web.

Sure. I'll take a stab at that. Thanks, Eric. So when we look over the next year or 2, we come at it, remember, from this close to 0.5 billion hotel -- 0.5 billion travelers on our site with a huge number of hotel shoppers. So our opportunity to get folks to come back more and more as we pull them down the funnel to become hotel bookers remains huge just based upon our current reach. If you think of the New TripAdvisor with the social layer, follows, the ability to get inspired. Those are wonderful travel features. But if you look behind the curtain, you see that they're going to be, we expect, pulling folks back to TripAdvisor when they're getting closer and closer to buy mode. That's going to take our revenue per shopper, we would hope, up. So even with the current traffic building on that repeat, building those membership with our current business model drives a nice potential rev per shopper gains, which on the breadth of our traffic could be huge for us. Second point, we have our media products. So again, looking at all of the travelers, all of the visitors to the site who are not currently in book mode but are still planning a trip. We have a nice display business. We have a fast-growing ads business in both restaurant and hotels, and that's another way that we get to take advantage of the fact that we have so much traffic on both desktop and the phone because the products are priced the same. But back to the point of the opportunity for us to better leverage the up-funnel traffic enables us to grow revenue without necessarily growing top of funnel the way that we've been measuring it before.

Sure. So we never give specific commentary on the SEO, but we are certainly always watching and noting how Google is interrupting the search results with their own products. And we continue to point out that that's not particularly fair for a dominant search engine to do. But we've -- accepting it as a reality in several countries. And all of our modeling takes that into account. Ernst talked a lot about the paid search channels, and Google's a very big paid search channel for us. So I think that story is already fairly clear. In the Non-Hotel category, we continue to grow our paid search marketing efforts as, again, on a profitable basis but, as always, like any internet company, an excellent way to acquire new trial for our product. To Google hotel price ads in particular, yes, we have been using them for a while. It continues to do quite well for us. We run it on a profitable basis, and it's delivering top line as well as bottom line. And we would expect it to continue to do so.

Sure. I'll take a stab. So on the impactful sort of conversion, again, both desktop and phone, we do a lot of our development on a common framework. So when we roll something out, it works on both platforms, at least mobile web and desktop. And you have relatively straightforward things like making it easier for folks to be entering their dates, and you have more sophisticated things, such as building the sort order for what hotels are shown to unique individuals as customers to put the best hotel in front of them at the best time. And when we make it easier for folks to find what they're looking for, not surprisingly, the click rates improve. We also have done a lot of work on the pricing engine. So compared to last year, we are showing better prices to our travelers through a better set of clients as well as just making sure that the best prices surfaced at the right time. You're absolutely right. There's no kind of one big thing that's driving that revenue per shopper conversion but rather the sum of quite a few. And as I think we had mentioned earlier, a lot more of our focus on testing has been moving to the phones. So we're seeing arguably more low-hanging fruit there for us to pick up in terms of the rev per shopper numbers. On the Hotel media or media in general for restaurants and hotels, the sponsor placements, the trip ads, again, we see continued growth. Certainly, year-over-year, we had nothing in the Hotel sponsor placements line item. And now it's a nice business for us. Restaurants, we had products, and we continue to grow. Those are all part of what we call our Hotel solutions and restaurant solutions business units, which continue to take advantage of what we call the up-funnel traffic, taking advantage of folks that are generally still shopping around not quite ready to book, and hotels and restaurants can help influence the best hotel, the best restaurant for travelers and gain visibility. It's a really very strong product for them. It's mobile. It's multiplatform. And so we expect to see, obviously, continued growth for both of those products for the foreseeable future.

James, this is Steve. I'll try to take 2 out of the 3. Starting with the first one. We're really pleased with Bokun and what it enables us to do over the long term. We've been quite aggressive in pushing that product to current audience and to a broader set. The name of the game is really for us and every other attraction OTA in the biz is to get more and more of the supply online and bookable. If it comes through Bokun, if it comes through some other platform, it's all good. And Bokun, in turn, can distribute that inventory or we can distribute that inventory through other channels as well. Changing the consumer habit to be able to think about booking just about any experience they want on our platform before they go and then booking it -- if they didn't make the decision in advance, booking the experience in destination in our app is the endgame. And Bokun, we are investing in it. It's not an immediate return for us in terms of revenue. It's a long-term play in terms of getting lots of supply online to match with our demand. And so we work with Bokun. We work with, obviously, plenty of other partners in the space. Bokun supply growth is continuing. Still, so few of the total players are available in online that we see plenty of growth ahead. And then I'll just jump to the competition and then turn it over to Ernst for the question on the finances. Of course, there's lots of players, big players interested in tapping into what some call the last big sector in the travel space that hasn't really migrated online. Air is online. Hotel is online. But experiences, much less so. But we're in the lead or one of the leaders with several other players. But the total volume of booked online versus what's currently booked off-line is still really small comparatively. To the degree that TripAdvisor and all of our -- all of the competitors that also book experiences continue to grow, my view is that the pie grows, the habit -- consumer habits change, and we all benefit. I'm much more interested in changing that consumer habit. I'm much more interested in teaching people that they can book all those experiences online through us than I am worried about any particular competitor taking share in the space.

Sure. Good questions. You can sign in to TripAdvisor via Google or Facebook today. That's existing functionality. If you sign in via Facebook, then we automatically can see the list of your friends, and part of the onboarding process will be which of these friends would you like to follow. And that's a very nice sort of straightforward flow. Google doesn't quite have that. But we're going to be going ahead and suggesting people that you might want to follow or suggesting -- sorry, less people for Google but more brands and travel influencers. And based upon your behavior on the site, we're going to be trying to get better and better about interesting people, interesting brands, interesting influencers to help grow your experience. And then, of course, as you go through the site, go through the experience, as you see people that are writing stuff that you're interested in, you're, of course, able to follow them. And if you use kind of a site like Twitter or Instagram, that's part of the fun. That's part of the process is seeing all the great content that's out there, following them. And then we're naturally going to be putting more of their content into your feed and into our e-mails for you so that you get inspired about trips even when you're not actively planning one.

Well, great. Thanks, everyone, for joining the call. It's been a great 2018, and it really wouldn't be possible without the terrific efforts of all of our employees. To all the TripAdvisor media group team members around the world, thank you. Together, we put the business on a great trajectory. And we have exciting growth opportunities ahead. I look forward to updating you all on our progress next quarter. So thanks, everyone.