Thank you, Angela, and good morning, everyone. So before I turn the call over to questions and further commentary from myself and Ernst, I wanted to speak to my transition news. Last night, as you undoubtedly heard, I informed investors and our employees my intentions to step down from the company as CEO at some point in 2022 or as soon as a successor is named by our Board of Directors. I cofounded TripAdvisor in 2000 with 3 other amazing people, Nick Shanny, Langley Steinert and Tom Palka. Our goal, to help people plan and take extraordinary vacations all over the world powered by the knowledge of people like you who have been there before. Now while there's never a perfect time, I feel very comfortable that now is the right time for me to announce my transition. The hospitality industry is successfully emerging from the pandemic. We're profitable again. We have a great set of leaders in the company, and we were successful in using the time afforded to us during this pandemic to reinvent ourselves, delivering an enhanced focus on our experiences in dining sectors and creating and launching our first subscription product. 
We have a clear set of priorities and while we have a lot of work ahead to get there, we have the terrific that the team members who I know are up to the challenge. This company has already changed the way billions traveled and it's extraordinarily well-positioned to create, deliver a new set of innovations in the years and decades ahead. As a trusted global brand, as the most popular travel website, and as a major influencer in a $5 trillion industry, we are still a story of upside potential in a massive and really fun category. As I said yesterday to my TripAdvisor family, the work continues. I have complete confidence that our experienced Board of Directors will select a great successor and that TripAdvisor's next chapter will be just as exciting as the amazing journey of the past 20-plus years. And in the meantime, I will remain at the helm as fully engaged as I am at driving innovation, building teams and helping our customers. 
With that, I'll turn it over to Ernst before we take your questions.

Sure. Thank you, James. Let's see. So as I kind of said in my opening remarks, I think this is -- while there's no right time, I think this is a darn good time to be able to start the transition. As I say, sometime in 2022, I'm looking for it to be a smooth transition as possible. I certainly wasn't going to make any move over the past 18 months. It was pretty traumatic all over the travel industry. But when we look at our future now, you see us clearly coming out of the pandemic. Love the new initiatives at play at TripAdvisor. Overall, all parts of the business -- overall, the business is recovering in all of its parts. So it's a pretty good time. I think we have a strong management team, got new faces, you have tenured faces. So again, while no time is perfect, I think now makes a lot of sense. 
To the second part of the question as to what the Board is looking for, travel experience would be great. Subscription experience would be great. E-commerce, that's a core part of our business today and going forward. So I don't -- I wouldn't -- there's no reason anyone should read into anything about my transition other than kind of what it says on the face. Company is in a good position. I've been at the helm for -- by the time I depart, it will be 22 years. It's a good opportunity. Tons of potential in front of the company. And so this isn't a question of needing change. This isn't a question of looking to do something dramatically different. And that's -- but I wanted to give the Board plenty of time to select truly the best leader because it's a gem of a company with a ton of upside in front of us.

Thanks, Jed, and I'll take part 2 there regarding Plus. I couldn't be more excited about what vacation funds this kind of change in the model can deliver for our travelers and of course, how well it works for our suppliers. Remember, the original instant savings model had us offer a discount right upfront, but that did cause more supplier-facing problems than we had anticipated. So we're nothing if not a nimble company, able to adapt. And when we heard that feedback and when supply started to be a bit constrained, we shifted. And so we're in beta testing now with vacation funds, which again offers the hotel rates at retail, but then offers the same economic benefit that just comes a little bit later. And so at the actual stay time. 
We're working on kind of the flows to make sure that that's well-understood. It's literally the same cash that the end user is going to get. So they're benefiting by being able to achieve an impressive savings, be able to stay an extra night, dine at a restaurant, save it up for the next trip or put it straight to your bank account as cash and spend it any, which way the traveler wants. So for TripAdvisor, for the benefit of the product, this unlocks supply. So we're able to get a lot more supply, a lot more hotels available for sale as part of a plus offering than we were before. That's really exciting. It's easier for us to onboard independent properties onto the program because we're not asking them to load a -- let's call the rate code, a special rate just for TripAdvisor. This is the regular retail rates. It's not competitive with our own website, and just organizationally and tactically, it's easier on the part of the hoteliers. So you bring all that inventory on. We're highlighting great discounts at the top of our sort order, delivering really nice additional value to customers. 
And then kind of how we think about it in 2022, we remain focused on the U.S. market. We want to make sure we get to that product market fit before we expend the energy to roll it out to the rest of our audience. As everyone understands, the U.S. is a very big market. So it's plenty big for us to test against, and we'll continue iterating until we have that fit and then as they say, we go international with it.

Well, you can think of it as the -- from the travelers perspective, they're looking at a regular retail rate that they use our metasearch engine or they can anywhere they want, and they see that they're paying the same rate that they would pay anywhere else. And then as they go through the shopping funnel, they learn and they'll also get $150 back, $300 back, whatever the vacation funds number is based upon where they're staying and how long they're staying. As soon as that traveler makes that stay or has the stay, they get pinged with a, "Congrats, your $150 is now in your bank account as vacation funds for you." And the traveler can then do whatever they want with those funds. That's a pretty amazing savings underneath the covers. What's happening is we are funding that, TripAdvisor is funding that, as a benefit of a Plus membership. 
Hotels are paying us the regular commission that they would pay essentially to any online distribution platform. So from a hotel's perspective, it's clearly a pay for performance when we send a booking and the booking happens, the hotel pays us. That's what they're used to doing all day along with every other OTA. And essentially, we're not treated much differently. We look to get an additional perk or 2 from the properties to otherwise improve the value proposition for the traveler to make that stay extra special. But to the economics, we're funding an amazing discount, far more valuable than regular sort of loyalty points, if you will, from other folks, and the traveler gets that benefit, and we get the commission from the hotel. Our financial gain is all of TripAdvisor's win as part of that subscription fee. So the $99 that we're charging, that lands for us and generates the renewal rates, the ongoing revenue stream as essentially we have the opportunity to fund the loyalty program with the commissions from the hotel program.

Thanks, Deepak. Thanks for your kind words. Two excellent questions in there. So how our conversations gone with hotel chains? Let me back it up and sort of point out our -- or explain our supply perspective. When we were doing instant discounts, we needed to have the chain participation or chain [ blessing ] because it was actually lower than what was on their own -- lower than what was on their own site. And we thought that would work because we would have a paywall. This was a gated, a very, very closed user group. But it turns out that, that wasn't enough. Now that we've moved to a retail model, we would love -- absolutely appreciate the chains participating. But to be clear, in our beta site right now, you see a lot of chain properties already on the system, showing the exact same rate as is on the brand.com website. 
Because it's a regular retail rate, we're not -- it's not bothering the chains in terms of violating any rate parity. That allows us through other aggregators, not the chains, to be able to represent that we have some of the best properties in the world from the Hiltons and the Marriotts and IHGs, because we're getting them through other sources, sometimes directly through channel managers, sometimes through other aggregators. And I'd say it's safe. It's not violating the rate parity piece. So while I invite all of the chains to participate, we're in conversations, some will join now, some will join later, I predict. But the point for a more economic models, I don't actually need them to participate because we have aggregators, including our very public partnership with Trip.com who has access to a lot of global inventory, and that inventory can show up on our site in a rate parity-safe manner.
To the second question, the economics versus our CPC model. Do we think that this will be accretive. We think it's going to be wonderfully accretive. So part of the challenge/opportunity of having so many travelers looking at hotels on our site is that we offer a lot of kind of free browsing and we don't make much money because somebody doesn't click. And then when the traveler does click on our meta offering over to an OTA, the vast, vast, vast majority of those clickers don't actually book because they're not ready to or whatever reason. And therefore, technically, we got paid on a CPC, but in reality, since it didn't book, it didn't generate any profits for our clients. It's in effect, lowering the value of the next click that we're going to get. So what I mean to say is the number of travelers that we send to the OTAs that still are not booking is the opportunity that we see to make this a much more accretive model for TripAdvisor, because we're sending people into our own transaction flow. 
We're giving them a very clear incentive on why they should book with us, which is all of this cashback, all of these vacation funds. And if they're going to save more than $99 on the very first booking, it becomes us, we expect a very simple equation, they charge $99 million for the subscription, they have $150 cashback, maybe they don't even have to pay anything upfront, and we just give them $50 cashback at the end. Lots of ways to get folks to sign up. And then that's $99 we weren't seeing in the CPC model. Then take it the next step and now you are a paying member to a travel subscription, to a travel club. We believe a number of people are going to say, "Well, I belong to TripAdvisor Plus, therefore, I'm starting my next trip on TripAdvisor looking at the Plus hotels and experiences and all the other offerings."
And so we'll get repeat business in a much higher degree because you're a [ belonged ] member. And then whether you're making additional transaction, however, many additional transactions that traveler is doing over the course of the year, that's all, generally speaking, incremental revenue to us. We monitor what TripAdvisor Plus does with the CPC clicks. And obviously, we have to keep a careful eye on that and make sure our own conversion flow more than makes up for the clicks that don't go over to meta clients.

Excellent questions. Yes, go ahead, Ernst, on the first.

Thanks. And with regard to Plus, I -- candidly, we've been kind of really focused on our shift to vacation funds and how we clearly present this value proposition to the traveler. So excellent questions on, "Hey, have we seen cohorts of existing plus subscribers, now move over to experiences." But truly, we haven't been kind of focused on building that up yet with our efforts clearly of targeting the golden pot of 160 million times that people click over on expensive trips that should be great Plus candidates.

Thanks, Mario. Excellent questions. Those are the kind of the exact ones that we are studying, looking at and trying to grow with respect to the number of new hotels. I simply point out we're able to tap into a lot more of the Trip.com inventory as an example because they had a bunch of properties that had a special rate that we had put live on instant discounts. But obviously, they have way more properties at a regular retail rate. And with the vacation funds model, all of a sudden, all of those properties can come online. Similarly, with some of the other aggregators we work with, there was just more flexibility in being able to bring on more inventory as long as we kept the rate at parity with other sites. 
We also had our independent supply efforts, and this would go back several years. But we had signed up quite a few independent properties that connected directly with our back-end that would offer their rates. And by not having to go reach out to those properties and negotiate a specific discount, we're able to bring all those properties live essentially immediately because they were kind of already signed up, and that's in the thousands, but it's closer to a handpicked thousands. The most interesting part of the question is really that conversion rate and how is it going. And I can't offer much at this point because we've just rolled out to a fraction of just our U.S. audience. But that's key. We need to make sure that the language on the site, explaining the value proposition, the flow, the ability to easily book a vacation from property or Plus property because the photos are good, the rooms are well-understood, the payment happened smoothly, the errors don't exist, getting the bugs out of the system. And that's basically the stage we're at now as we tested on a small slice of the traffic. So as we make improvements and as it becomes better and better, we roll out more and more. And obviously, we hope for 100% rollout as soon as we can.

Good question, Vince. We do see repeat bookings from Plus members. That's nice. Unfortunately, we don't really have a great way to compare that to whether those are just people who travel a lot and would be repeat booking through our meta auction because we don't always see -- we frequently don't see their actual booking behavior. So yes, it's nice to see we have more Plus bookings than we have Plus subscribers, if you will, because people are coming back and booking more. But I -- and clearly, that's benefiting us, but I can't compare it to another site terribly well at this point. It's one of the things that we watch in terms of -- and we think the vacation funds model will give us kind of yet another data point on that. There's a reasonable thesis that says an instant discount kind of sounds great. You get the money right there. But a vacation funds model where you're sort of building up a bank knowing that you can take that bank and take it as cash anytime you want, it's as good as cash. It's an -- one way to think about it is an extremely rich loyalty program. But the other way to think about it or a complementary way to think about it is it's building up a bank of things that you can continue to do on TripAdvisor. And so people have expressed to us, they like the notion of saving for that next trip. They like the notion of, hey, doing a few more purchases on TripAdvisor, so that they'll have some more funds saved up, again, for the same trip or the next trip, but it's a -- it goes back to the travel jar that some folks used to have where you just save some extra money along the way to go spend on that wonderful trip. And I think we're tapping into a bit of that for a segment of our audience. And we see that, I think, in some of our repeat bookings.

Excellent question. So we're quite flexible on the hotel side. So when we approach an independent hotelier for instance, we have perhaps a minimum commission, but then we point out the better deal that we can present to our traveler means you're going to get more visibility on TripAdvisor. And so let's say, a hotel might pay a, let's call it, a 15% commission, that's probably less than what they're paying to other OTAs. So it's a bit cheaper of the channel, and that might be a hook for us to help persuade the hotelier that it's sort of signing up. Mind you, it's very easy to sign up. So there's no organizational or there's no logistical or technical barrier there. So we get the hotel to sign up. And then the message is and if you add a perk and it could be as simple as a bottle of wine, a fruit plate, a free upgrade, if available, there's a little bit of a very small amount of cost maybe. And then because that offer looks more compelling on TripAdvisor, it rises higher in our fourth quarter. 
And hopefully, that hotel receives more bookings. They don't have to have it, but many properties are -- it's relatively easy for them to offer a $20 off a $50 dining charge. And so it helps get them in the restaurant, it helps get them spending the money on premises. And the whole notion of vacation funds allow someone to build up this credit and we encourage the hotel, and we can help the hotel market the ancillary services, whereby, those credits can, in fact, be spent on property. Hotels love that, travelers appreciate the ability to get the extra amenity or the extra thing at the hotel. And it's all up to the property, if they want to participate kind of in exchange for more demand. So that's how we view our whole ecosystem working.

Thank you.

I can start. With regard to TripAdvisor Plus, as I've said before, we feel we have an extremely highly qualified audience already on our site who we have the ability to educate as they are shopping for a hotel. So while TV is phenomenally effective for overall brand advertising for raising overall awareness, we feel we have plenty of traffic on our site today at the right point in time that we can educate, drive home the benefits of TripAdvisor Plus without spending an incremental dime. Once we have the product market fit and are on the growth ramp that we're really excited about, amen to all different vehicles that enable us to put fuel on the fire. But I'm pretty clear, I want to be able to show -- we need to be able to show ourselves and then we would be sharing with you that this thing is a rocket ship, and here's why putting more fuel on the fire would make a lot of sense. I don't think I'm of the mindset that I should do that level of branding on a speculative nature. I think there's another angle as to whether we approach television for our Viator and TheFork businesses because they are in a different investment mode, they have a different opportunity to capitalize on share gain, and they're also doing extremely well right now without any of those other media pieces. So I don't view it as something that is necessary but certainly could be additive over the course of next year and those other brands, if we choose to do so.

Thank you. Thank you very much.

I would add that I think we're playing to a very macro trend of people looking to do more on their vacations combined with your ability to book on the phone, combined with the bringing of this inventory online over the past decade. And I think we're seeing the tipping point where more and more folks are planning to book what they're going to do online. And we're in the full position there. We've got -- Viator is a beautiful business strategy of licensing their inventory to all the major distribution channels. Of course, TripAdvisor is also one of them. But having a tremendous supply footprint, great products, all interesting markets, key things that you want to do and that you want to make sure you have a seat on that tour before you get there because if you're -- it's too scary to arrive in your destination and not know if you can do it. 
COVID, I believe, accelerated because you want to know what's open, you want to know the cleanliness, safety concerns all the rest of it. But then again, we've taught people how easy and convenient it is to book in advance. Experiences has always been referred to as the last of the major categories to come online after [indiscernible] hotel. And so we see COVID having taught people the ability and sometimes the necessity of doing this booking online. And I think we're going to benefit from that trend for decades to come. To your...

And then to your second question on TripAdvisor Plus and the paywall, sorry, for the strange reference. In the current instant savings model, some of the properties that you click through, you can find the discount, you can book immediately other properties, you have to actually buy Plus first, and then we will show you what the discount is on all those rooms. So we refer to that as a paywall experience. In both cases, in the first case, you're buying Plus with the transaction. But in the second case, you actually have to make the purchase before you can see all the room details. And that's a natural barrier to customer adoption. It's something we had to do because of the supply challenges. And that whole aspect completely goes away in the vacation funds model. And so we know that, that's going to be a big win from the consumer side of things. And so it's another reason why I'm particularly excited about the upcoming launch of vacation funds.

Thank you.

Terrific. Well, thank you. Thank you, everyone. A very special thank you to all the TripAdvisor team members all around the world who continue to put their all into helping hospitality businesses, travelers, diners emerge from this pandemic. We're quite optimistic. We're extremely optimistic about the recovery of our industry and look forward to updating you next quarter on our core businesses and all of our new initiatives. Thank you again, and stay safe.