Thanks, Will. And good morning, everyone.
We're proud of how the business is doing. The Hotel meta business has turned around, and we've got new media products that are gaining traction. On the Non-Hotel side, restaurants and attractions continue to grow, and we're on track to hit our targets for the year. We're now forecasting adjusted EBITDA growth in both segments while still investing in our long-term core growth initiatives.
And with that, let's open up the call for questions.

Yes. Thanks, Ernst. We have actually quite a few different tracks of investment in our experiences business. Ton of faith that this is going to be a great driver for us in the future, which in turn drives short-term investment, some of which you see pretty immediately in terms of things like 24-hour cancellation for most of the things that we sell, which is on the site live now, great for the consumer. Other things, you see roll out over time, better user experience, a lot of research being done there on both the TripAdvisor and the Viator points of sale. You see some behind-the-scenes kind of channel growth as we get new partners, and those benefits are seen a bit more over time. And then more than a handful of very much under-the-cover investments, mostly on the tech side, that involve getting more supply, more accurate supply, more globalized supply, more internationalized, better language support, where in some cases we're bringing on supply in anticipation of demand, but it's always the -- a bit of a chicken-and-egg thing there. And then we finally have our internationalization of our platform, moving the Viator tech base to be able to better support multiple languages, multiple points of sale. And so the whole global expansion playbook that TripAdvisor executed very well on over the past decade plus, a lot of that is still in front of us in terms of opportunity for Viator. You take that, plus the Bokun acquisition, getting into the SaaS base, helping more and more suppliers get online. You see great growth, or we think it's great growth, in terms of online bookable supply. And we're still overall at the tip of the iceberg. So when we look at how this attraction business, this experiences business can compare to the trajectory of bringing hotel booking online 20 years ago, we still see remarkable parallels, similar margin structure. And it starts with collecting demand and supply, bringing it together, and that's exactly what we're doing.

And to your question on inventory, tours and attraction inventory. There's certainly several other players that have, and in some cases are still trying to, gather the industry footprint. No one is particularly close to us at this point, but to be clear: The inventory we have is not exclusive, and we don't see that, that's the -- that, that would be a key trend or an expectation going forward. There is so much that is already out there. Getting more of it to be bookable on our sites is the clearer opportunity versus having to fight for market share from any of the other players. TripAdvisor sits in a pretty darn unique position in the industry by having such an impressive demand footprint of people looking for things to do. A lot of our brand is built around having that great vacation, people already coming to TripAdvisor for that. And we have that in-destination footprint. So when you wake up in your hotel room and you're looking for what you're going to do that day or the next, we're still the natural site to go to. So I -- while of course we do pay attention to who the competitive players are that are in this space, we're much more focused on growing the pie and helping the consumers who are on TripAdvisor and Viator and the ones that we can attract with the best inventory, the best customer experience, the best customer service to make their stays delightful. And we keep our eye on that ball. I think we're in great shape for a long time.

Sure. Well, you've certainly seen -- thanks, Justin. It's an excellent question. You've certainly seen our shift over time from some of the performance-based channels to the more branded channels like television, and it's great to see those working for us. We already have such a global brand that, to our chagrin, was slightly misunderstood in some cases in terms of not being understood as a place that you could go to compare prices. Our TV campaign is successively moving that perception over to more of what we want, which is the reviews, the great experience and the ability to compare the price and find the best deal. And that's what's driving some of our revenue per shopper improvements. That's what's driving some of our overall value from the traffic we already have. Of course, we would love to see more Hotel shopper growth, but I urge you to remember we already have a phenomenal amount of hotel shoppers. And so having these folks do a bit more of what we would like them to do in terms of being closer to the transaction, come back a few more times during their trip, and you can paint, and we do internally paint, a wonderful picture that doesn't require us to buy a lot more new traffic through these other channels. TripAdvisor is a great site to be a member of. TripAdvisor is going to help you plan your whole trip. If we can tap into those touch points a few more times for each visit we get, that just drops straight to the bottom line for either hotels or experiences or restaurants for us because we offer so many services across the trip. And of course, a lot of that starts with the hotel shopper, but there isn't -- we don't feel a need to get to double-digit growth in hotel shopper in order to drive business forward. We're fortunate to play in such a big category that there is that opportunity for double digit, but again we don't need to feel it because our opportunity to improve the overall revenue per shopper for all those shoppers that we have is still there.

Yes. I -- thank you for giving me the opportunity to clarify. We don't want it to decline. We think we have all the reasons in the world to have it continue to grow. Does it need to get back up to double-digit growth for us to be successful? No, it really doesn't. And we're just dealing with laws of very large numbers here. When we look at the decline in this particular quarter and perhaps for the next quarter, so as we lap year-on-year, we do point very specifically to our paid marketing channels as having -- since we're cutting back on those, that's having an effect on our hotel shopper growth. I'll note that we're obviously, and you can see it in the numbers, cutting back, well, we think, in a pretty smart way, as in we're cutting back on the least profitable of these hotel shoppers for us. So yes, the overall number may have declined, but it's the ones that were doing the least on our site. We have a bunch of other things both in development and just as part of our overall TV strategy that counteracts the decline in hotel shoppers. And we expect it to continue to grow. I just don't want to set the expectation that we need the double-digit growth that we saw in years past in order to successfully grow in the Hotel category and grow overall.

Sure. We might tag team this a bit. This is Steve. On the Non-Hotel side, in general the traffic that's -- if I understand the question correctly, the traffic that's coming to the TripAdvisor points of sale and interacting in the restaurant and hotel -- I mean, restaurant and attraction category, in general, are staying on the restaurant and hotel -- restaurant and attraction pages on Trip. You can book almost all, if not all, of the attractions while staying on Trip. You don't need to be sent over to the Viator points of sale. And on restaurants, again you can make the -- most of the reservations throughout for -- while staying on TripAdvisor. And our entire restaurant media business is entirely on TripAdvisor, so that TripAdvisor as the channel to sell and promote attractions is the fastest growing. It's been that way for quite some time and it's our lead horse from a global perspective. Not the only point of sale, obviously, but the one we're putting most of the muscle behind. To the kind of marketing on the Non-Hotel side, obviously we try to employ many, if not all, of the same paid-performance channels. And as I was talking about TV earlier, right now the message has been focused on educating folks that they can do price comparison, hotel shopping on TripAdvisor, not just reviews, but it's likely going forward that we're going to step into the fact that our entire value proposition is all around the everything you can do to have a fantastic trip. Hotel is part of it. Restaurants is part of it. Experiences is part of it. And so I'd say it's likely our advertising campaign, our TV campaign also expands to cover not just hotel price comparison but more.

This is Steve. Great question. It's -- thank you, Matthew. It's all -- some of that is a bit new to us for the types of inventory that we're growing. And again, inventory is just one metric. It's a necessity if you're looking to grow globally, but as we bring on smaller tours and attractions in less traveled parts of the world, as that's what happens in the marketplace, they're not going to be performing to the speed or to the scope of your big top-tier attractions in major tourist destinations, which, for the most part, we already have. So as we go forward, we thought it was helpful to show that we were investing a lot in supply acquisition on a very global basis, which we are. And a lot of those attractions will become mature performers for us over time. Some of it is just make sure it's working properly on the system. Other parts is us actually building more of the demand footprint in that particular part of the world as well. So again, that -- it'll take time. I wish I had a few more specifics for you to your question, but we're comfortable that we're certainly on the right path there.

Yes. So we think it's kind of a great product that matches the fact that a lot of our hotel shoppers are high in the funnel. And it's an opportunity for hoteliers to get themselves in the consideration set, right? You can only have 10 or 20 properties in the first page on a New York or Paris, but you have a lot of other terrific properties that really are great for consumers that are on Page 3 or 4 in that shortlist and here is the opportunity for them to be considered. So wide appeal amongst hoteliers. Similarly, in restaurants we have 4-plus million restaurants on the site. And if you're already kind of #1 in your city, it may not be the right product for you, but that leaves 3.9-plus million for whom this is a good opportunity for exposure to our couple hundred million monthly eyeballs for restaurants, for instance. So would we roll it out to experiences? Sure, under consideration. Again, experiences is much more of a transaction model for us, so it's not as timely, if you will. But to back it up, the offering the sponsor placements for restaurants and hotels, as a great media product, we see a ton of headroom going forward. And it's off to a very nice start.

And this is Steve. On the stable auction dynamics, as Ernst mentioned, we've seen stability. We feel we have very strong relationships with all of our big clients, all of our small clients as well. And we have a robust auction. There is the caveat that our partners, at any point, could make changes to what their bidding strategies are, but the scale at which we operate and the position in the funnel for which -- of which most of our -- or many of our customers are at makes us a pretty unique traffic source for the major OTAs and the hotel brands. Simply because we're at the, "I'm not sure where I want to go yet. I'm not sure where I want to stay," and that's the very up-funnel demand that is often ahead of where the big OTAs are. As such, it's traffic that's up for grabs. It's traffic that any of our clients can try to make loyal to their booking engine. And we're comfortable with that because of our funnel position, because of the fact that so many are loyal to TripAdvisor as the place to start their travel planning experience. And our overall value proposition is really quite different than obviously a hotel brand or a straight OTA. As everyone is looking to have travelers pick their site as or their app as the place to start, we're comfortable with where we are in the ecosystem because of our hotel and restaurants and attractions and flights and guides and experiences and community as a way to differentiate from the other choices that travelers have; and our continued 10%, I believe it was 10% this past quarter, new view growth shows that, yes, even at the large numbers we have we're still attracting more and more travelers each quarter.

I mean we're -- we look at our different revenue streams and say, we're investing in our media businesses because there's a ton that we feel we can offer to hoteliers and restaurateurs and eventually attraction suppliers all around the globe that isn't dependent upon auction but is dependent on the fact that we have 400-plus million new views a month. It's just the eyeballs that are on our site that don't go away, don't change, depending on whether the auction is betting top dollar or lower dollar. So again, if we get paid more, then yes, by our return on investment marketing philosophy, we can spend more. And if we get paid less, we choose to spend less as well, but again, we've been used to those dynamics for quite some time.

Sure. So we're not at the point where we're able to disclose much by way of the media products for hotels or for restaurants, but I do enjoy being able to add the color that both are launched, are global. We're seeing meaningful product improvements in both categories on a quarterly basis. We continue to see sales grow. And since there is both the subscription elements as well as the pay-per-click elements, when we look at the growth of this category of product for us, the media as opposed to auction, it continues to show kind of really nice promise, none of the potential threats of changing ROI behavior of our OTA clients. So it's just a nice kind of diversification, tapping into our overall traffic. Both hotel and restaurants for sponsor placement, the pay per click, are self-service. And we have, depending on the product, different levels of sales assist and business development activities going on against them. Obviously, once a client joins on the sponsor placement, it's very much on a performance basis. We only charge when the click happens, and it's their opportunities to get into the discovery set. And that's what so many of these clients have been asking for, for so many years because there isn't any other way to -- I mean you still can't influence our overall ranking. That's based purely on our best-value algorithm, but sponsor placements lets you get visibility onto that page. And then...

This is Steve. I mean I -- of course, all of our performance channels work on mobile. I -- and if you're buying traffic on a Google and you have our app installed, you're going to automatically be linked. So that'll end up in the app. If the question is are we spending a ton of money on buying app installs: That's not currently part of our game plan. We have a lot of app installs because we have a great app that people want to use when they're traveling, and we rely more on that. Did that address your question? Or was...

I -- well, we certainly are in the majority of our key markets already. I -- we're -- as every quarter passes, we're more and more excited and pleased with what TV has been able to do for our brand and our revenue. I -- the decision to increase our spend on TV, the decision to restart last year and increase our spend this year were clearly the right ones; and I think our financials show that. And we're educating and building the brand. And I alluded to earlier the fact that, while the TV campaign may be just about hotel price comparison at the moment, it would be reasonable to expect that to extend to more of our community, more of our full value proposition that we can offer to travelers, including some of our newer businesses. I -- so we don't disclose certainly this far in advance whether we will be adding TV in additional key markets, but we -- I can confidently say we view this as a great channel for us that we're happy that we got into.

I -- yes, I'd urge folks not to focus too much on that hotel shopper growth comment earlier simply because -- I've said it multiple times in the past in terms of we have so many hotel shoppers. Getting them to stick around and return on their own accord within the same trip, just if you do the math, is a bigger opportunity than potentially attracting more. The law of big numbers says it will continue to be hard to grow that at meaningful double digits, so I didn't want to set expectations that we needed that to happen to grow the biz. Our opportunity to take the traffic, the hotel shoppers and other shoppers that are on our site, that really are pretty far away from a transaction; and to pull them by talking to them better with a better site experience, more functionality; and pull them down the shopping path so that when they are ready to, in fact, select a specific hotel, to select a specific booking site, that we're the site that they return to, to do that, that's a -- at a couple of hundred million hotel shoppers a month. That remains our fundamental biggest opportunity, which was a completely true statement a year ago and, frankly, 2 years ago as well. We do hope to have hotel shopper numbers return to growth in subsequent years, of course, because the overall market of hotel shoppers still has plenty of headroom for us. I -- and to the first part of your question, hotel shoppers coming domain direct, we don't split out that quite yet, but you can certainly understand that we do care about that as a metric, or sort of homepage, first-page view. And TV, of course, helps drive some of that, as well as obviously the better site experience and the communication that we're able to do with the customers to pull them back, all of which it's sort of direct traffic as opposed to paid-for or accidental traffic.

And this is Steve. On the TV, at the beginning of the year, we had launched a number of new markets, expanding campaign and doing some additional creatives as well. I -- and we had set expectations that the spend would be north of $100 million this year, and so I -- the Q2 increase is really just the follow-through on that. It is to some degree a combination of new markets but just being on air for, we feel, the proper seasonal weights. So then it would -- you shouldn't read anything into our spend being a reaction to what other folks are doing versus what we think is right to grow our brand.

Sure. This is Steve. I certainly believe there is continued room for mobile monetization, improved mobile monetization. In part, I -- our mobile site just continues to get better. All of the improvements that we do, all or almost all of them are rolled out mobile first. I -- that's where our consumers are today. That's -- they're still migrating there in larger numbers. So I -- there is kind of no doubt internally that, that continues to be a focus. We also just benefit from the fact that consumers in general are more happy to buy things on the phone. And so as an up-funnel consumer comes to us, clicks through to a partner, they're more likely to transact. That partner is more likely to give us credit for the transaction because we sent them the lead, so the CPCs go up. So some of it, we certainly believe, is the great work that the team here is doing. And there is just other secular tailwinds that we expect will improve our mobile monetization over time in all markets. There's kind of no question in our mind.

Well, I think it's probably still early innings, in part just because consumer behavior, travel is still a big purchase. And why is it our desktop CPCs are so much better than the mobile CPCs, people are wanting to stay somewhere? And our best answer is that people are still more comfortable with that type of purchase on their bigger screen, bigger device. And so I'm not sure they'll ever be equal, but as more -- as everyone does more and more stuff on the phone, we're in a perfectly good position to benefit from that. We're in a better position than many others to benefit from it, in part because it's been such a headwind for us in the past. And as consumers get used to buying, it moves to being more of a tailwind given so much of our traffic, over half, is already on the phone.

Yes. So we have turned our performance-based marketing channels more towards profitability, as opposed to breakeven, with the profitability measured on a more accurate system that looks at the downstream booking revenue as opposed to just what we can measure instantly, the click based. It's a little complicated, but it's a better reflection of how valuable the traffic is that we're sending to our clients. I -- and we've certainly used some of the savings in our performance channels to help fund some of the brand building and the TV stuff that we're doing, and that's part of where that mix shift is headed. I don't believe we've said that we would be taking savings from performance-based marketing channels and doing anything specific with them next year.

So I -- we have multiple years' history of driving improved revenue per shopper per device on desktop and on the phone. I -- the mix shift moving to the phone can make that overall number decline in spite of the kind of continued optimization on each device. What hit us was -- back half of last year, with just the drop in the CPCs, which of course impacts revenue per shopper. So I can't commit to improved revenue per shopper simply because I don't control what our big partners did. We've always faced that issue. And all I can represent at this point is that, given the public commentary of our bigger clients, given the dynamics as we see them in the meta space and given the past 2 quarters, the auction looks stable at this point. We're providing very real value, a better ROI for our clients. And we have no reason to think that that's going to be changing, certainly not in the near term. With that as an admitted assumption, then the improvements that we've been making to the product, both desktop and mobile web and app, we just -- we have a nice history of improving the revenue per shopper, if everything else is constant. It's better pricing on the site. It's better supply. It's a better sort. It's -- the UX improvements, the preference improvements. I mean sizable teams working against this every single day, with a nice track record, saying, "Yes." And we make improvements, when all other things are constant. So again history is the best indicator there. And aside from any external bidding changes, I think we have the track record that backs up that statement -- or that backs up my comments, I should say.

Well, great. Hey, thanks, everyone, for joining the call.
We had a strong first half of 2018. And I really want to thank all the TripAdvisor employees who have put in a ton of hard work to get us here. It's great to see the business making this rebound at this point. We've done a bunch of changes, strengthened the business in a whole bunch of different fronts. We're proud of our Hotel segment, proud of the Non-Hotel; and looking forward to an improved back half of the year, as we shared and sets us on a nice trajectory for 2019. So thanks, everyone. And we'll update you again next quarter.