Thank you, Will, and good morning, everyone. 2020 was a challenging year, but I'm fundamentally optimistic. Inflection curves have been declining, vaccines are being distributed. And from what we see on our site and hear in our research, travelers are all eager to get back out and explore the world. 
As we described in our shareholder letter, we made a bunch of tough decisions last year. We also shored up our liquidity and got to work helping customers make the best of the current situation with initiatives like Travel Safe. And most importantly, from my perspective, we prepared Tripadvisor to emerge as a stronger, more focused company when travel comes back. And I'm really proud of what we accomplished.  
We soft launched our new Tripadvisor Plus product in record time. We're focused on making the core experience of Tripadvisor more engaging and personal for all travelers, and we've got some great teams in place, growing our exciting restaurants and attraction businesses.  
We entered 2021 excited about the important role that Tripadvisor can play in the recovery, based both upon our historical reputation as a trusted guidance platform but also because of our new initiatives that are ready to help travelers take amazing trips.  
Let me also take a minute to thank everyone at Trip for their commitment during this past year. Know that your hard work is what has positioned our company to help hundreds of millions of travelers get back out on that road again. And all of that makes 2021 look like a pretty exciting year for us.  
Ernst, let me turn it over to you for additional thoughts.

Certainly. Thanks, Lloyd. Excellent question. So when we talk about Tripadvisor Plus, it really comes to the proverbial win-win-win. For the traveler, they're getting these amazing discounts, the perks. It's something that's turning their trip into something fabulous. When it comes to Tripadvisor, we're making some money on the actual subscription and building up what we hope to be a wonderful recurring revenue stream.  
For your hotelier, and that's really where your question started, we've changed -- we are changing the model whereby folks like Tripadvisor would ordinarily take the commission on the hotel sale. And we're going direct to the hotel and saying, instead of paying us, let's offer that discount directly to the consumer. So if you might have been paying x percentage to your other distribution channel, let's instead offer that same percentage but as a discount. Tripadvisor passes it directly along to the Plus subscriber, Plus subscriber gets the deal.  
Now when you add the value of the perk and you add the value of the discount, it becomes something pretty compelling for the consumer, back to that original win, and something that's well within the availability of the hotelier to offer that package at the same or better travel distribution cost as they go through for other channels.  
And so the win for the hoteliers, they get access to this club on Tripadvisor. They get preferred placement on the Tripadvisor site, so more visibility for their property. They get a guest that's perhaps higher end, perhaps likely to stay longer at a distribution cost that's the same as lower -- the same or lower as many of their other channels.  
The unit costs, if you will, for Plus from Tripadvisor's perspective, we have, practically speaking, no cost of goods on us delivering on the service. We have some level of customer support. That's fine. But we make our revenue on the trends -- on the subscription fee for Tripadvisor Plus. And then the next time somebody comes back to Tripadvisor, because they're a member, they might be booking an attraction, and we'll make a decent margin on there even after passing the discount back to -- after passing a discount back to the consumer. Travelers will also come back to Tripadvisor to plan other parts of their trip. And again, making us a preferred place for those subscribers to start their travel planning, all of which building into our repeat story.  
To answer your other question on road map for new benefits for subscribers. We expect to be launching or when we launch more fully throughout the U.S., we'll be adding some additional benefits that we'll announce at that time. And we can see a very straightforward plan over the course of this year and next to add additional benefits that helps make people, that helps make traveler -- turn travelers into savvy travelers.  
So again, you start with hotels and Experiences  because those are things you book on our site today, quite valuable in the amount of savings. We can differentiate on the perks. But we're also going well beyond that in the travel category.  
Our goal is nothing less than building an affordable travel subscription product that pretty much everyone would love to be a part of, travelers, because it turns them into better travelers no matter where they're going. And I don't want to repeat myself, but we think it's going to be a great offering.

Thank you very much.

Certainly. Thanks, Naved. It's Steve. I'll take that. So to your first question, no, all of the perks and discounts are available to travelers when they subscribe to Tripadvisor Plus first, and then, of course, they have -- well, not of course, I suppose, but then they do have to complete the booking on Tripadvisor. We have a very solid booking flow. We will store your credit cards. We'll make it easy. And we're building that repeat behavior where you come in -- what we call that no-brainer moment where this hotel, for your 5-night stay, it has a $250 discount, which is close to our average at this point. You then take a $99 subscription fee. You're still -- traveler's still saving meaningful dollars right now, and they book that through the Tripadvisor booking flow.  
Traveler comes back, they get a similar discount the next trip they're going to take perhaps. And of course, they've already paid that fee. So it's all dropped into savings, whether that traveler then chooses to spend that savings on amazing new Experiences that they found on our site or anything else that they're looking for, that's up to them.  
To the question of beta rollout, yes, we're still in pretty early days. We're excited by the fact that it's out. We're testing. We're learning. It's out in kind of U.S. audience only at this point. And we've shared that we will be rolling it out to the rest of our U.S. traffic in the first half of the year. And then we go beyond in other English markets at some point after that. 
We are very excited about the opportunity that Trip represents. I talked about having 160 million times, when we looked at our 2019 numbers, where travelers were expressing enough interest in looking at a specific property such that they were using our meta auction and clicking off to an OTA or supplier direct. That's 160 million times. We think of it as shots on goal. 160 million opportunities for Tripadvisor with Tripadvisor Plus to say, "Hey, on a lot of these properties, we have an amazing discount and a perk that's going to make you, the customer, a savvy traveler. It's part of the Tripadvisor Plus subscription. Please come subscribe, make your money back or close to it in the very first purchase and get the benefits for an entire year. That savings can go into making a better trip. That savings can go into your bank." And the audiences, folks who are not only taking this one trip, but are likely to come back to Tripadvisor over and over again over the course of the year.  
So it doesn't take a high conversion percentage for -- when your denominator is 160 million opportunities to be able to find a set of audience that's quite excited about this product.

So I would say we have so much traffic on our site today that we don't feel a need to reach out to market space on nonowned or paid channels. Of course, our paid marketing, our regular performance marketing will grow as traffic returns. That's really just a function of our kind of standard operating procedure.  
When it relates to Plus specifically, again, I talked about that 100-plus million number of people who are already potentially Plus clients, and we don't need to reach outside of Tripadvisor to talk to those folks. Ernst, did you want to add anything?

Sure. Thanks, Tom. Excellent question. Learnings from Instant Book and past transaction on Tripadvisor. I would say Instant Book taught us a lot about how to be an effective transaction platform. We did a ton of bookings when Instant Book was rolled out throughout the site. We did it on a global scale. We had a lot of partners involved, and we succeeded in delivering a lot of bookings for a lot of customers.  
Where it didn't work as well as we had hoped with Instant Book was simply we did not offer a compelling additional value proposition to the user as to why they should book on Tripadvisor versus their other choices out in the marketplace. And so when we take it forward and look at Tripadvisor Plus, it looks like Instant Book a little bit because the transaction is still on Tripadvisor, but the whole message is completely different. Here, we're talking about a subscription service to make you a savvy -- to make the traveler a savvy traveler, getting compelling, immediate, instant value for going down the transaction path with subscribing to Tripadvisor Plus and getting that immediate savings or that immediate room upgrade, that immediate set of benefits that compels someone to say that this makes it a straightforward choice. 
Tripadvisor Plus may not have the frequency of something like an Amazon Prime, but we do have that immediate logical benefit of we're going to help you have a better trip right now. You'll save $200. You can take the private tour instead of the group tour, fairly straightforward.  
We're adding, as I mentioned before, more of the nontransactional components to turn you into a smarter traveler when you're actually in destination, to help you when things go wrong. And again, we'll be adding more of that over the year. So the learnings from Instant Book, we know how to do -- we know how to work in the transaction environment in hotels because we've done it before. That's great. Clearly, one of the reasons we were able to launch the product in such a short time period.  
And I don't want to -- I want to make sure to mention that we are also adept at being a transaction site as we've been selling Experiences on Tripadvisor for many, many years now. So again, if -- people may think of Tripadvisor or some people may think of Tripadvisor as a review site, but we've been selling travel for quite some time.  
To the second question on more that we're doing in customer -- with our customer data, it certainly plays an important role internally as we launch Trip and have offers going out to existing members, existing contributors, folks who already have a relationship with Tripadvisor that we can identify. And then as we've shared in prior calls, our targeting capabilities in our media business is getting better and better. So we're just able to more effectively create campaigns that serve our advertisers in a better way with the additional capabilities that we've been building into the system, some of which have launched, other which -- other pieces of which are still in development.

Sure. Thank you, Mario. Two excellent questions. So on the Plus side, that was your first question, we've studied the behavior of travelers on Tripadvisor for so many years now. And obviously, people are coming. They're looking. They're getting great guidance. And then our monetization model was advertising on the site and then getting those travelers to leave us and book on supplier or OTA sites. That worked, built $1.6 billion business, all good. But we've always known that there was this notion of a leaky bucket. We're sending folks, travelers away to book elsewhere. And many of them do take the trip, but they don't book right away, and kind of we lose credit for that. 
There's also the notion, while our meta engine finds a good price for people, it doesn't, by definition, find a better price or offer a better traveler experience than what is out there, than what that user could find themselves. We help them find it easier, but it's not unique. It's not exclusive. And obviously, there's many other meta players. So we sat and we thought what do travelers want? They want to have a better experience. They want their dollars to go further. What do we have? We have a ton of travelers on our site taking all types of trips. So if we start with that consumer value proposition, how could we provide real discounts, amazing perks in a way that the customer isn't able to find that value proposition through their other channels, through the traditional places that they book or through other meta sites. 
And we came up with this notion of, well, if we put it behind a subscription wall, there's an established model of being able to offer discounts and perks to folks that are behind industry [ problems ], behind this pay gate. And could that be a model that works? So we ask first, hey, would the customer be interested in this? And with our surveys and with discounts and perks, the answer was clearly yes. Then how could we market this product to an audience? Would we be able to find that -- would people on Tripadvisor be interested in this product? And as I shared, 160 million times in 2019 that people were building -- or interested in an expensive trip, interesting enough to be clicking off of our site in our meta auction. And we picked $750 because if you take a 15% discount on a $750 purchase, you're equating it to that membership price of $99. 
So can we find the audience to be able to educate about this product? The answer is clearly yes, because they are already on our site. And then we ask, will the hoteliers give us these discounts and perks? And as I explained in the earlier question, like, yes, because it still has the opportunity to be a lower cost of distribution for the hotelier than the other channels that they use. So again, getting the extra visibility on Tripadvisor at a distribution cost equal or better than what they're otherwise paying, that seems very straightforward from a hotelier perspective. And we've been signing up hotels in addition to our aggregators, been signing up direct hotels that say, "This sounds great. Let me give it a whirl." And we continue to do that with our direct sales force. 
And then will travelers be willing to transact on Tripadvisor? As I shared in the earlier question with Instant Book, clearly, people were willing to do so. And we sell a ton of Experiences on Tripadvisor. So that's really not a -- do we need permission from our travelers. Tripadvisor's already a trusted site, and they've already proven that they will go down that transaction flow. And again, it's -- we have this as an additional product on top of our auction. The auction is not going away. And if you don't find the ideal property in our set of Plus opportunities, there's a beautiful meta auction. You're already on our site and you click off, and you get the exact property that you're looking for. 
So Tripadvisor, we serve -- in pre-COVID days, we were north of 400 million UUs a month. You could think of it as we serve 1 billion travelers a year. And if -- I have to say this carefully, but if it's only 10 million that sign up for Tripadvisor Plus, that's still less than 1% of our annual traffic. But 10 million sign-ups times $100, and obviously, the math works pretty nicely in a recurring subscription revenue. 
So I don't want to get ahead of ourselves. This is not going to happen overnight. We have a lot of supply we want to go sign up. But it is a huge market. We have our own Tripadvisor channel to reach users when they are shopping. We're trusted as a brand. And post-COVID, we think the regular traveler is ready to embrace a subscription product. Subscription products, in general, have -- they've been doing quite well, and it's not us, but others -- many others have educated consumers on the notion of signing up for something on an annual basis. 
So versus the OTAs or supplier directs, they're going to win. We're going to win. It's not a one or the other by any stretch. As I say, our auction will continue to be quite healthy. But our ability to hand the commission that the hotel is ready to pay their distribution channel back to the customer, I think, enables us to offer discounts in a way that is very hard to match from other more traditional channels.

Your second question -- a shorter answer to the second question, alternative accommodations, absolutely, we see alternative accommodations continue to grow. We had a pretty good last summer on our site for our rental inventory. It's just a smaller piece of our overall pie. And so we do look to grow choice. We do look at some point to be able to integrate in the rental experience into Tripadvisor Plus because much of those travelers are also planning rental stays. 
We don't have anything kind of new to report at the moment. But please understand, we are keenly aware of consumers' interest in this type of inventory and the fact that we have a hotel auction that gets inventory from lots of different places. Obviously, we have a rental -- it's not really an auction, but we have a rental display that also gets inventory from multiple sources, and we do look to expand that over time.

Great. Thanks, Jed. Perhaps I'll take the Plus one and turn to Ernst for the recent trends. Your question is how we're thinking about supply, avoiding a natural churn. Was the natural churn on -- were your thinking on the hotel side or on the customer side?

Okay. So I -- yes, we're using -- to answer the supply side first, we're using kind of traditional discount aggregators to bring 100,000-plus properties online quickly, offering discounts to other perk aggregators where they've already negotiated with the hotel to get a wonderful set of perks and make these properties really kind of stand out from the rest, and that's been our launch. 
We have been signing individual hotels with our direct sales force. Fortunately, for us, though we have, call it, 1 million-plus pieces of lodging on our site, there's a popular head to that, if you will. When you look at where people are planning expensive trips, that list narrows down quite a bit. And we're using our direct sales force to call into those properties, tell them about Plus, share the easy decision that we think it is for them to give it a try. We don't look for long-term contracts. We don't look for guaranteed. Every room is discounted. They can tune the channel to meet their needs of being able to get more reservations. 
So when we think about the question of churn, when you -- if you're in the beta mix, you'll see that there are lots of hotels that are available for Plus. It's not a majority or anything like that. But in most cities, you'll find several choices. We look to expand that tremendously, of course, with more partners and more direct sales. There's no challenge in availability right now, so plenty of opportunity to meet the consumer demand. 
When we think about churn, we think, yes, when -- purchase and then churn. We think the traveler looking at a sedan going to -- I'm going to Miami. I'm looking at hotels. Oh, this is a Plus property because I see it's being merchandised with a discount and a perk. I'd log in to see what the actual discount is, and I can't transact on that discount unless I buy the Trip subscription along the way. Of course, at any point, I can click off to a traditional OTA and pay that rate, but the Tripadvisor Plus rate is better. That's the discount we're offering, and that's the reason the hotel got to be at the top of our shortlist. 
So it's a compelling inflow opportunity for us to market Tripadvisor Plus. And then presuming the customer buys, they're good for a whole year. And so they come back, and they see a lot more opportunities to save money with any hotel purchase that they're making based upon the discounts and the perks that we have, they get their 10% off attractions and the rest of the benefits. 
Even though I keep talking about how most Plus subscriptions are paying for themselves in the very first purchase, we fully expect the people that are buying Plus to take multiple trips over the course of the year. And every time they're taking that additional trip, it's a pure savings moment for them. Perhaps at the end of the year, we remind them, "Hey, it looks like you booked 6 hotels with us. Here is the grand total that you saved, $872. Time for the $99 renewal." Trying to make that very much a no-brainer moment when it comes to renewing Tripadvisor Plus for next year. 
So obviously, it's a subscription business, there will always be some level of churn. But the target audience here is taking more than one trip a year. They're already saving the cost of the subscription in general in that first purchase. So it doesn't take much to ask that traveler, "Do you think you're going to take at least one more trip over the coming year?" Answer yes. And they've had a great experience the first year. Away we go.

Great. Thanks, Eric. Two excellent questions in there. So the scope of the recovery, a very good question, it's a very tough question to answer. We certainly have seen traffic on Tripadvisor, people planning or thinking about Trip not go down nearly as much as travel actually went down. So in that sense, we're a leading indicator that people still want to travel. They're still searching. They're still coming back. Our UU drop, unique user drop, again, a lot less than our revenue drop because they're not yet booking, but they're -- think of it they're dreaming. 
So as we predict, as we hope, in the second quarter, as people certainly in the U.S. may have their vaccination dates schedule, they would get more excited about planning that trip, knowing that they will be vaccinated on x and y date. So I think we'd be a good kind of leading indicator from a marketing perspective. And businesses that want to get in front of those customers when they are thinking about that summer trip, I would argue, would do wise to leverage the eyeballs that are on our platform today in the planning moments. Ernst, do you want to add something to that?

And then on the, thanks so much, Experiences, a question is it a supplier and awareness or just a demand. At the moment, it's certainly just a demand question. There aren't enough people taking those leisure trips, looking to do that exciting activity. But when those leisure trips do rebound, we feel for our core audience in Western Europe, in the U.S., we think we have most of the supply that we need, constantly adding more, but we don't think of it as supply throttled. 
We're looking to build up the demand and build up the sort of inspirational quality of what we are presenting as things to do in these tourist destinations. Because between Viator and Tripadvisor, we certainly have -- we feel we have enough eyeballs. We have enough travelers taking the types of trips where they should be booking Experiences, but we need to help them make that commitment to book it online as opposed to wait and book it in destination. 
That's -- it's a different answer if you reach all the way out to Asia in terms of the supply question. But for our core markets, I think it's mostly traveler getting back to taking the trips that include Experiences, i.e., nobody in the U.S. is headed to the Vatican right now to get the amazing tours of museums there. But when that comes back, we will be more than ready to go.

Sure. So that, of course, is why we do a beta. We look to learn. And it's out to a decent portion of our U.S. traffic so that we're getting daily subscriptions. We're watching where we are in the funnel. It's too early to really talk about the conversion rates of where we're at. And we don't honestly know what the right target is. We certainly would hope that the discount and the perk would generate a pretty compelling reason to go into the funnel. Hey, I can save $300 here. That's pretty exciting. And then again, we have the content from the hotels. We're making the transaction fairly straightforward. We're happy to store your credit cards, make it easy to come back. And then knocking down all the reasons why people either get stuck there's extra friction in the flow. 
But the core value proposition, I get an early check-in, a late checkout. I get a food plate in the room. I'm saving $200. This sounds like a really simple reason to book on Tripadvisor, to subscribe to Tripadvisor Plus. And that's sort of, if you will, replacing a user who was going to click off to the hotel site or an OTA for just that particular trip. And we feel like it's a better value for the traveler to book that Tripadvisor Plus offering. It makes economic sense for us, and the hotel is happy because it's a less expensive distribution channel. 
So again, win-win-win all around. And we'll be out of beta relatively soon as we look to expand the opportunity to both learn faster and just help more people start to realize the benefits of Trip Plus in advance of the peak summer travel season.

I don't offhand know. But in a sense, you could take all of our auction revenue, take a guess at our CPC and do some backwards math in terms of how many total clicks over the course of the year we might be generating. 
Of course, most of our travelers that are on our site for all the sets of reasons are looking for what I might call the ordinary trip. It's staying a couple of nights here. It's a half leisure, half business trip. It's a visiting grandma. There's lots of different reasons why people will be taking a trip. And the Tripadvisor Plus offering is really -- it can be effective for those small trips if you wanted to upgrade, but then there's that kind of $99 cost. 
We're clearly targeting, at least initially, on the bigger trips, the longer stays. And that's why we shared this 160 million number to help folks give -- give you all the confidence that we have that says, we have a lot of travelers on the site already planning trips of this scale. And so obviously, we would look for it to be incremental revenue to us and recurring revenue being the fabulous part of the overall offering. Hope that helps.

Sure. I'll take the Plus question. And thanks, Lee. Again, two good questions there. I -- it's fair at the highest level to think, hey, well, if somebody is booking on Tripadvisor and that ends up kind of being a supplier direct booking then that's a booking that the OTA wouldn't get technically true. But the volume of these bookings compared to the volume that our big client OTAs would see, it's a little hard to believe that it's even noticeable. 
Unlike Instant Book, which did have OTA participation, Tripadvisor Plus is not for the vast majority of our audience. Whereas the Instant Book plan, it was for the vast majority of the audience. Instant Book, we were looking at one night hotel stays, convenient booking on the phone. So in a sense, that was a potentially more competitive move. Again, part of why it took a little while for the OTAs to join on. But as I've -- as we evaluate client reaction from the OTAs with this, they just put it in a different ballpark. This is a very gated product, and discounts behind paid gates are extremely well established in the travel industry. And what could be a very big opportunity for Tripadvisor still isn't necessarily more than a rounding error for the big online travel agency. So we don't foresee that being an issue at all, frankly. 
To Experiences question, Ernst, do you want to add comments on the supply side?

Sure. Thanks much for the question, James. You can take a look at kind of what we're doing right now on the -- with Plus with respect to meta in that we're really trying to market Plus where we think it's the -- where we're making it the easiest possible decision for the traveler. So for instance, even where we might have a discount on a property, if that discount is only, call it, $25 and the subscription is $99, we're choosing not to push the consumer towards Tripadvisor Plus at that point because it's a little -- it may be what the consumer wants, but we don't want to push too hard where the value proposition isn't as compelling. Where the consumer is going to save $150, sure, it makes a lot more sense for that consumer to buy Tripadvisor Plus than clicking off on some of our meta auction. 
So in our merchandising on the site, yes, we are segmenting our audience in terms of how hard we are pushing Plus or how much we're choosing to market Plus to those different segments. That's likely to change over time, over years as Plus becomes more well known, as people come to Tripadvisor, hey, Tripadvisor Plus, how can I see more availability? As we otherwise segment travelers into very frequent travelers, well, maybe that traveler is perfectly happy with the $40 savings because they're going to take 5 trips over the year. And they know that and we know that, and so we have a marketing message that says think of all your trips you're taking, it clearly pays for itself. 
To the degree that we also learn and we can use the data we have in-house for folks who are less price-sensitive and more interested in the upgraded experience, we have a different opportunity to push the perks as opposed to the discount to that audience. We think our metasearch is going to be around for a long, long, long time, and Plus complements that. 
And so when we think of perhaps a typical Plus user, found a great deal for this wonderful vacation, they're excited about the upgrade or the fruit plate, they take that trip. And now the next time they think about traveling, well, I'm going to start on Tripadvisor because I'm looking for that similar thing, maybe not with the same amount of discount, but maybe this particular hotel they are interested in for whatever reason, location or reputation or referral, isn't -- doesn't have a Plus offering at that moment in time. Well, great. They came to Tripadvisor. And their next step is to go click on a meta auction link, which also helps us monetize the consumer and gets that traveler to the hotel that they want to book, and that hotel happens to be on Expedia or Booking.com or supplier direct. 
So I don't view it as particularly cannibalistic. We view Plus as a wonderful engagement vehicle when we get to a meaningful-enough number of subscribers.  And then final point, when I look at the rest of what the Tripadvisor core team is working on, it is about building more engagement on our platform, getting more visitors to become members, members to become engaged members. And eventually, some of those engaged members will certainly become paid members, Plus members. But all along that funnel, we're building more reasons to come back to Tripadvisor. And one of the key ways we monetize that traffic is through that traditional hotel auction. 
The hotel auction is working beautifully. Our clients continue to pay what we think of as fair prices for the traffic that we're sending them. There was kind of -- there's nothing wrong with the auction, except it was pressured at the top of the funnel. How much traffic starts looking for their hotel on Tripadvisor. And to the degree that our visitor-to-member, member-to-engaged-member programs are effective, we're able to get more traffic back to Tripadvisor, which we know how to serve quite well. 
Second question on the testing learnings. There -- to the best of our knowledge, there aren't other travel subscription products we could be kind of pulling from. So we feel our current testing and the product rollout is pulling people that hadn't really thought of doing a travel subscription product, relatively new concept and saying, "Hey, this is worth signing up for because I'm getting the benefits. I'm getting the perks. I'm getting all this for a whole year." It may be a first of -- well, Tripadvisor Plus is first-of-a-kind subscription product because of all the different categories we cover. 
But to the consumer, I don't think they're looking for a travel subscription product. I think they're looking to have a better trip. And by signing up for our subscription product, that's the way that they're going to achieve that objective. And they might take that savings from the hotel and apply it to spend an extra day on vacation. That's great with us. They enjoyed the benefits of the subscription immediately.

Well, thank you, all, very much for joining our call. Time and time again, travel has rebounded, travelers have come back to Tripadvisor. We'll continue executing our strategy and ensure that Tripadvisor plays its rightful role as an influential adviser to travelers and to businesses throughout this upcoming recovery. 
I want to again thank our employees, our Tripadvisor customers worldwide and our shareholders for their support and partnership in 2020 and for the years ahead. So thanks, everyone, and please stay safe.