Thank you, Angela. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. I'm excited to be here. I've been looking forward to my first earnings call with Tripadvisor. It's an exciting time to join this iconic company given the travel environment over the last few years, the trajectory of recovery in the sector, the return of the leisure traveler and the potential to serve consumers in new and unique ways as they look to satisfy their growing demand to get out and experience the world.  
As you read in the shareholder letter, we had a strong quarter. Our Viator experiences-focused offer stood out in its pace and level of recovery at 160% of 2019 levels. TheFork achieved 103% relative to 2019, and the recovery in our Core Tripadvisor hotels offering improved at 89% in the quarter, up from 63% last quarter.  
Since this is my first call as CEO, I wanted to take a step back from the quarterly results and share some high-level perspectives and reflections for my first 30 days, including why I wanted to return to the travel sector and the opportunities I saw at Tripadvisor. I am personally passionate about travel and the meaning it brings to us all by opening us up to different cultures and perspectives and the higher purpose that it serves by reminding us how much we all have in common at our core.  
The travel industry has always captured my professional attention as a category ripe for innovation and growth. The size of the market is massive, and the sector continues to go through constant change marked by an evolution in the democratization of travel information and distribution. This creates a compelling opportunity to reimagine the consumer experience by solving problems in what is often a fragmented and frustrating ecosystem.  
When Tripadvisor launched back in 2000, it introduced a unique and disruptive offering to the market that pioneered a new way to enable travelers to decide where they want to go and discover trusted resources to make it happen. The Tripadvisor I joined today is fortunate to have a strong and stable foundation and an enduring set of assets, our trusted brand, a large global audience, a scalable content model, a rich set of data and passionate teams committed to our future. It sits squarely in the category of experiences over material consumption, a secular trend that we can expect to continue.  
My mission, simply stated, is to make sure we continue to evolve the company so that we can serve travelers, diners and experience-seekers for decades to come. While I recognize that we operate in a competitive space with external pressures, there are a number of advantages that attracted me to the opportunity.  
First, Tripadvisor y is a company that I have long admired, both as a traveler and a travel industry executive. I saw the opportunity to follow a visionary founder and identify new ways we can be disruptive by reimagining the future of travel at a time when consumers are looking for trusted guidance.  
I also looked at the company's portfolio. We have a collection of diverse assets in Viator and TheFork as well as Core Tripadvisor that allow us to participate across travel experiences and business models. As the pace of change increases, this can play a meaningful role in how we serve consumers in unique and seamless ways.  
Given my background in digital media, something that jumped out to me is truly differentiated and valuable at Tripadvisor is a community of like-minded people actively contributing content to help their fellow travelers make the most of every experience. This has created the world's largest travel guidance platform built on a relationship of trust with over 1 billion reviews and hundreds of millions of visitors every month.  
With this scale, I was also energized by the potential of our data assets to create a better experience for consumers and enable all areas of the company. Having spent a number of years leading advertising, content and commerce businesses enabled by data, I'm confident that our data can help us drive deeper consumer insight and higher levels of engagement, create further operational agility as well as identify meaningful commercial opportunities.  
Perhaps most importantly, one final attribute that attracted me to Tripadvisor was the culture and people. Tripadvisor has a culture that attracts talent with a passion for purpose and a highly skilled, knowledgeable and capable team. Over the past months, I've enjoyed spending time with teams across the organization and just wanted to say thanks for welcoming me with such enthusiasm. At this early point in my tenure, I can say that my excitement for the opportunity in front of us has only grown stronger. And I'm looking forward to rolling up my sleeves, engaging with our talent and charting our course for the future.  
One area of clear focus is driving stronger and more effective execution. In the coming months, we will align our strategy, operating model and teams to deliver against our goals in a structured and rigorous manner. I expect to empower our leaders and their teams to ideate, execute and enable every employee to do their best work.  
I believe that building a foundation of trust with all our employees and stakeholders is critical as we set the framework for our future together. I'm also looking forward to connecting and collaborating with our customers, partners, industry peers and shareholders to understand their perspectives and help us better serve consumers.  
As we pursue our next phase of growth, we are well positioned to build on our foundation as we strengthen the essential role we play in the travel ecosystem. I will aim to be clear about our plans, communicate transparently as we go and identify milestones along the way. In the meantime, I look forward to meeting many of you soon and sharing more in the coming months.  
With that, I'll turn the call over to Ernst.

It's Matt. I thought I might just add one thing. As you know, the Viator team has done a fabulous job reinforcing their market position and driving growth coming out of the pandemic. And one of the things that I am really excited about is the way that they've shifted fixed costs into variable costs. And I'm a big believer in the power and value of brands and have made many brand investments in a number of my past roles.  
I get excited about brands that have a loyal and passionate following that can pioneer their industry and really stand the test of time. In fact, that's one of the reasons I was excited to join Tripadvisor.  
And I would just say that the Viator brand has a real opportunity to drive market leadership and continue to scale. So being smart about how we make some of those investments and really thinking about the ROI of that investment is something that I'm excited that they're doing.

Thanks, Naved. I appreciate that. And as I think many of you know, I'm a consumer-first executive. I really want to make sure that everything we do puts the traveler and the experience-seeker at the very center of everything we do.  
And in that context, a direct-to-consumer offering that offers clear traveler needs with tangible benefits that consumers value is a compelling opportunity, particularly when you have an audience of this size. And as I learned about all the various aspects of the business, I understand that this was launched as an experimental model, and it's still being tested.  
And [ while the ] discounts in the offer are substantial and frequently cover the cost of the annual subscription, of course, there have been some challenges to scale. And I recognize that the offering has not necessarily reached the milestones that might have been expected.  
But of course, I come from a subscription background in my time with Dow Jones and The Wall Street Journal. And so this is an area I plan to dive into. And I don't want to get ahead of myself on a timeline, but what I will say is that it will be a priority area of focus as we dive into strategy.

Thank you, Richard. I appreciate the question, and obviously, it's one that I've given a lot of thought to. When I think about entering the company, the first thing is I feel really fortunate because I'm joining a company that has built a really strong foundation. And it really offers many diverse assets to think about growth path.  
And of course, there are opportunities as there are in every company to think transformatively. And in some ways, the segment reporting that Ernst shared with you today is where I'm going to focus my time and energy because we have strong P&L leadership set up, Viator and TheFork both growing, strengthening their market position. And the Tripadvisor Core business. We've seen the auction come back strong. Media is doing well. We have some opportunities in B2B.  
And what I think about over the coming months is really sharpening the strategy and aligning everyone in the company around it, putting an operating model in place, making choices about where we'll prioritize. I do think execution is fundamental. We have a chance to execute more effectively than we have in the past.  
And we've looked at where we can make some adjustments. We have high-performing teams. We've got a great culture. And I think getting the right cadence and processes that get us collaborating cross-functionally and empowering teams to focus on where they have a market insight and knowledge in their respective products and market, we'll do a great job.  
I know that everybody would like to see me set a strategy today. It's a little early to do that, but I think I can share a couple of areas of near-term focus.  
I mentioned putting the consumer at the center of all of our decisions. And I think as we do that, we will reinforce the role that we play in the ecosystem and really clearly define the problems that we're in a position to uniquely solve.  
I think we can reimagine how we guide travelers before they go on a trip, when they're ready to make it happen and when they're in destination. If we get this right, I'm confident we'll drive more direct traffic, app downloads. And we'll see higher levels of engagement and monetization.  
I'm excited that we have a good number of diverse assets in the portfolio. And the question there is how do we think about how they fit together to deliver the most value. And we can get all the areas of the business serving the consumer in a seamless manner. And I think that will be noticeable and valuable.  
I'm excited about data, as I mentioned in my opening remarks. We have a data asset that can be an enabling platform for all areas of the enterprise and really a strategic lever to drive insight engagement. There are market opportunities that we can be thinking about. It will serve our existing business lines and has the potential to drive new ones.  
And I think it's also a currency where we can work even more effectively with partners in the ecosystem to drive unique solutions and value that we can be differentiated because it's an asset that we have uniquely. We talked already about direct-to-consumer, clearly, a compelling opportunity. And when I look at it all together, it really comes down to a chance to reimagine our position, reinforce it and do it from a position of strength.

Lloyd, thanks for the question. And I'm sure you all have had a chance to see what I have spent time doing in my career and having had a chance to be early in my career in the travel industry, really going deep on digital media and the transformation of a number of different iconic assets, commerce, data. I've been active thinking about how to take a consumer perspective to drive product-led innovation.  
Of course, I've worked in sales, marketing, business development, M&A operations. If I were to go to a couple of anecdotes, I think I'll start most recently with my time at The Trade Desk, which was just a great experience to operate with a platform at scale across a number of categories in data driven advertising environment.  
[Audio Gap] 
It really gave me a much deeper perspective and the pre categories in a data-driven advertising environment. It really gave me a much deeper perspective and appreciation on the power of data. And importantly, really starting with an ROI focus for partners and advertisers to show real value to their business.  
This can be helpful in our media and B2B businesses, our auction, really thinking about a solution orientation because if you start with client objectives and deliver solutions that meet their needs, you can build a business of scale. And of course, at The Trade Desk really working across all the most contemporary platforms where consumers are engaging, which helps connect it all back to the consumer and that traveler and experience-seeker and putting their needs at the heart of everything we do.  
It would be remiss for me not to share some thoughts about back at Lonely Planet because it was one of the best experiences in my career that I've had the pleasure of doing. As a relatively young global CEO in the travel sector at a time of incredible change also coming out of the 2008 period, which was very dynamic, it was another iconic company looking for an inflection point from a publisher to a diversified travel information provider and paid content, digital media marketplaces.  
And I was really proud of that team as well, achieving growth and transformation through a dynamic environment. And we really leaned into digital and understanding our audience, global and cross-border and some interesting product-led innovation just as the iPhone was emerging and the iPad where we were in rooms that were blacked out and secure so that we could develop the very first travel apps that would leverage all of the newest technology in those devices.  
And that adaptation to a rapidly changing landscape and the learnings that I took from it about the needs of the travel consumer and where companies could go to serve them most effectively, I certainly will bring with me in this experience to come. Ernst?

And I would just add, Ernst, a broad perspective on the auction. We were, of course, pleased to see the strong comeback following the pandemic. And for me, this is a sign of continued relevance for the product, and that the auction really has a place in the ecosystem. 
We can think differently about data. And of course, we always work with partners to help them achieve their objectives. And I think as we get that solution orientation, we'll be able to leverage that product to be really helpful and continue to reinforce its place in the ecosystem.

Thank you.

Yes. Thanks for that question, James. I think you identified that there's a number of different ways that we can play in this ecosystem. And of course, I recognize that we're in a competitive space. And there are really strong players at the top of the funnel and that there are players totally optimized at the bottom of the funnel. 
And I think if we really lean into where we are strong in providing that context, in bringing that audience that may or may not be looking to book right away and thinking about before they travel and really driving further engagement, I think there's a number of ways that we can do that and understanding the signals that they bring and their needs. We can use all of that to do a great job engaging on the site and then understand that point at which they're ready to make it happen or they're actually in destination and be thoughtful about what's the right offer and experience at that moment. 
We have a lot of assets to leverage to do that. Now I've spent my career competing, cooperating, differentiating from some of the big technology platforms. And of course, we can do the same at Tripadvisor. 
The key is going to be to focus on how we're differentiated. And again, as we reimagine the way that we are the definitive guide for consumers as they make those choices, I think that will help a lot. So we can play up and down the funnel. 
I think you mentioned the OTAs. And I think obviously, they are an important part of the ecosystem. They have what they do best. I think everybody wants to see direct traffic. And of course, we will focus on the benefit that we can deliver to them as part of their funnel consideration. 
And again, I mentioned that we have assets that I think we can take even better advantage of like data and the way we think about a full range of solutions. And it's that power of context that I think can really be helpful. So I'm excited when I think about having spent a couple of decades in digital media, I feel as though the assets and the diversity and what we represent as a brand is a very, very strong place to start.

Yes. So I'll kick it off, and if Ernst wants to add any detail, he can do that. I've only been in the role for about a month. But from everything I see, consumers are actively returning to travel and experiences. 
So while we're always looking for signs of slowdown, we don't see anything today that causes any near-term concern. And of course, we've put the business in a good position post pandemic and rebalanced more towards variable cost. The team did a great job there. 
I will say we can't predict what's to come. But having operated in a variety of contexts through a number of cycles, I'm confident that as we watch the macro, we will see if there are early signs and be able to adjust. Ernst, do you want to add anything?

Thanks, Deepak. I appreciate the question. And as I noted earlier, I think there is a strong team in place. And of course, we're always going to seek to be a vibrant home for world-class talent and highly effective teams. 
And as in any organization, there are always opportunities to stretch a little more regardless of the function. I think that we will be building on the capabilities we already have here. And eventually, we'll look at where we think we might have gaps. 
I think that has more to do with the next stage of opportunities we'll approach through our strategy work and less to do with me in particular joining the company. The team is really great. There's a lot of talent. I'm excited to join this team and be a part of it. 
As we think about organization, I mentioned opportunities for execution. I am excited to think about the way that our strategy and operating model will link. But of course, any organization is always a function of what you choose to do, how you prioritize and setting your teams up for success. And that's the order in which we'll do it.

Yes, I would just say and I didn't mention it upfront. As I was evaluating things, I really liked what I saw from a financial perspective, that strong balance sheet, an enduring and cash-generative core business, 2 strong growing segments. And I think we have a good array of assets to deliver growth. And they'll benefit from sharper focus, better alignment. 
But I'm excited about organic opportunities. There, of course, are other opportunities to consider. I think the main thing is that we'll seek always to be great stewards of capital to think about what is the best mix to get the best return on capital. So we'll certainly be talking about that over time with you all.

Yes. Thanks for the question, Ron. And so, of course, it's still early. But what I can say is having spent a good number of years thinking about the way that data is transforming really every industry and all the companies that I've been a part of, I do have conviction that we can leverage our data asset in ways that we haven't before to enable the business. 
And I think it's going to deliver agility, more insight. It will be really useful as we think about the way that we bring our strategy together to get all the pieces really reinforcing. Data is one of those currencies that can play across the entire organization and really help understand that consumer in a more granular way, of course, with all privacy considered and think about what's the next best opportunity to serve that consumer need. 
And so I think it does open up a number of different opportunities. It would be early for me to project, but absolutely data in the way that it plays in media ecosystems, in the way that we can serve our partners and think about value exchange in different ways, the opportunity to think about yield on the platform. Data is something that can be aggregated and anonymized and really get trend signal. 
And there's a lot of different things we could be doing with that. Of course, there are ways to think about the data ecosystem and the way that one might target segments at scale. So I think there are a lot of hypotheses that we could develop. And we'll be very thoughtful about testing and learning and then sharing at that moment of conviction. But I think as a starting point, I'm excited about that platform. And we've already been rolling up our sleeves and getting to it.

Thank you all for joining us this summertime Friday morning. We have a lot of opportunities ahead of us and a lot of exciting work to do. I'm looking forward to this next phase and keeping it open and [indiscernible] with all of you. Have a great weekend, everyone.