Thank you, Will. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our call. I'm going to make some summary remarks about the quarter, and then we'll pass the call to Ernst for some remarks on our financials before we open up the call to your questions.  
As described in our release and shareholder letter that we posted last night, our third quarter results improved versus second quarter in the midst of what has been an unprecedented period for our industry and for the world. Both consumer demand and revenue performance as percentages of last year's levels improved each month throughout the quarter.  
While Q3 showed a nice recovery trend, in recent months, the travel industry's recovery progress has slowed, particularly in Europe, supporting our view that the near-term path will be uneven. Fortunately, we have planned appropriately for a variety of recovery scenarios, and we are committed to supporting consumers and partners throughout.  
We also remain confident that with each passing month, the world is closer to important medical developments that will meaningfully restore consumer confidence in travel and allow for a broad-based travel rebound. In the meantime, we remain focused on factors inside our control, maintaining focus on executing on our One Tripadvisor initiatives that deepen customer relationships, deliver more value to consumers and partners and positioning the business well for many years to come. We are making great progress despite the challenging backdrop.  
In Q3, we expanded our Travel Safe initiative to include more than 120,000 hospitality businesses, enabling them to efficiently communicate pertinent health and safety information to prospective travelers, drive engagement and recover faster. We also recently launched 2 new B2B products for hospitality clients, further signaling our ongoing commitment to support partners and deliver them more value as travel and dining starts to come back.  
And finally, within the next few months, we plan on -- we plan to begin rolling out our first direct-to-consumer subscription offering and are very excited by this new opportunity to deliver meaningful value in delight to premium members.  
So while it undoubtedly remains a very difficult operating environment, we are pleased with what we have been able to accomplish.  
Before I pass the call to Ernst, I want to once again extend a thank you to all frontline workers for their tireless hard work during this difficult time. Of course, I also want to thank each and every TripAdvisor, Inc. employee for their talent and dedication. Better days will come, and we are doing what's necessary to emerge stronger than before. 
And now I'll turn the call over to Ernst.

Excellent. Thanks, Deepak. This is Steve. Great question. So the new consumer subscription offering, launching in a couple of months. I -- we're looking to provide meaningful additional value for premium members. So if you're buying into the subscription package, you'd be able to get discounts on tens of thousands, eventually more and more hotels all around the globe. You'll get a discount off all the attractions we sell. Last count was close to 400,000 Experiences. And there's plenty more, if you think about it, of things that we can add to the bundle. 
When you think about our relationship with hoteliers, we have direct supply and we have supply through aggregators. And we're looking to present an offering to our travelers that not only saves them money but gives them a -- that traveler a special experience. Everyone loves to feel like they are treated special, that they are delighted when they go traveling, not only by where they're going, but how they are treated as a guest at a hotel or on an experience. We feel that our demand on TripAdvisor side, our relationship with suppliers, put us in a wonderful position to be able to come up with a subscription offering in that vein.  
If you look at the overall picture, we have, on pre-COVID times, north of 400 million unique users on our site that were looking to plan a trip. We feel that a good number of them would clearly be interested in that extra special perk, the discount, the better experience, the extra something. 
And then when you look at our supply side, we have relationships with all of the aggregators and tens or hundreds of thousands of properties and attractions throughout the globe. So we kind of have both pieces of the marketplace and our opportunity is to connect them in a premium package.  
Moving on to the second question on the auction. We've seen the OTAs be quite rational in their behavior. They're looking for demand through all channels. Hotels are looking through demand through all channels, including the OTAs as well as TripAdvisor. So I think the easiest way to look at our auction is that it's recovering in line with how the overall travel footprint or the overall travel ecosystem is recovering. Hoteliers need demand, of course, and they're coming to us and they're coming to the OTAs. And via the OTAs to us, and so we're -- the auction is essentially behaving as we would expect. And as much as that's a regional answer, it's behaving regionally in those same areas. 
Ernst, do you want to add anything to that?

Thanks, Chris. Maybe I'll take the first, Ernst the second. In terms of -- I know, I thought about deemphasizing the auction. No, no, no. The auction in that hotel search capability, finding the best hotel for your trip remains and will always remain a core asset, a core value that we're bringing to travelers. As such, as we get better added performance marketing in terms of us buying traffic to that shopping experience site, we would expect it would always remain. 
When you add in the subscription offerings and the other sort of direct-to-consumer things that we plan, because as you know, we've already launched a couple and this new subscription offering will be a third. It's yet another opportunity to monetize the traffic that we bring to the site organically or through paid channels or our repeat efforts, all the different ways that we get up to the hundreds of millions of users. And so for us with the subscription, with the auction and the way it's running, we expect that to continue and performance marketing will probably always play a role in that.

Excellent. Thanks, Shweta. So in terms of do we need to apply or do we plan to apply marketing dollars on the subscription. The way we look at it is we have 400 million unique users on our site. They're planning a trip. They're in some stage of planning that trip. They are already in a plan/buy mode. So our opportunity with this subscription product here is while they are on the site, present the value proposition in such a way that it becomes a no-brainer, really simple. 
So imagining you're planning a trip to Cancun. You're examining a couple of hotels. It's a considered trip. It's a trip that matters to you. It's likely to be on the higher end, and you're going to be doing some activities there. And then you get an opportunity to see a subscription product that -- or to see a product offering that saves you meaningful dollars on the hotel that you wanted to stay at anyways, offers discounts on the tours and activities that you want to do in Cancun. And maybe as you look at the savings that we can offer instantly on this trip versus the subscription price, that becomes kind of a no-brainer. 
It becomes a very easy opportunity without, to your question, any incremental marketing costs for us to educate a consumer at the time they're ready to buy, that this is a great deal. And we have, of course, expect the consumer will continue to shop around to make sure that this is the hotel they want to stay at, that this deal that we're offering is, in fact, better than what they can find on other sites. And when that consumer is convinced that, well, yes, it actually is saving money for them and that hotel is offering a chance for a free upgrade or a spa or dining credit or something else that can make that stay extra special, you combine that kind of win for the consumer with the ability to use the subscription product for the next entire year. That's kind of the experience we're aiming for. 
And then, of course, when that traveler is on trip, experiencing the benefits, the money they saved on the hotel, they might be able to do an extra special meal, the upgrade with the ocean view, how exciting is that. They'll remember that it's TripAdvisor that brought them this enhanced experience, like that subscription, and of course, that flows into the logic on whether they renew a year later.  
To your second question on engagement of members. Yes, certainly, members are as engaged as the average traveler during this pandemic. I'm not sure we see a particularly different type of behavior on the site. Everyone, a member or not, is super concerned about safety. They want to go to the more outdoors, more -- less urban, more suburban, more out of the way, more national park-type trip. I don't think we've seen a split along member, nonmember lines. And of course, with all the members, we have the ability to suggest they come back for some of those types of trip that are they're likely to take via our CRM channels. 
So as you suspected, membership continues to grow, but I can't point to anything particularly meaningful that's different in members versus nonmembers at the moment.

Thanks, James. So to begin with, on the alternative accommodation question. Absolutely, accommodations are -- alternative accommodations are a key part of our future. We have a reasonable footprint that we're looking to augment and the trick, if you -- or the challenge, the opportunity, if you talk to TripAdvisor or most of the other OTAs, is figuring out the way to mix in that alternative accommodation mix into the default sort. The opportunity to help teach travelers that there are these great options out there because it is a growing category, and we fully expect to have that a growing part of our mix as well. 
I don't think the TripAdvisor brand will stand for alternative accommodations at any particular point. We are looking to help travelers plan those big trips that matter. And that involves any type of accommodation, fantastic experiences, helping you get there, delighting you with inspiring content, out-of-the-way things to do, helping make that trip as memorable as possible. 
And so alternative accommodations as a lodging type plays a role in that, but it's not kind of a sensor for the company. 
To the question on having Trip.com on our Board, Jane Sun, a terrific addition for us. I can't -- it wouldn't be right for me to kind of disclose any particular learnings. It is -- I can say, however, it's fabulous to have the perspective of one of the major global OTAs that has tremendous operating experience, not only in China, but in so many other parts of the world, as we operate very complementary businesses, but obviously, very much in the same category, in the same space. So I enjoy our interactions quite a bit.

Well, it's a fair statement that we don't plan to sort of compete with the number of sales reps sourcing supply directly versus everyone else, because we feel we can do a better job for our travelers by taking inventory we have, augmenting it with inventory sourced by other players to present a more comprehensive experience. 
What we bring to the equation is demand. What we bring to the equation is the travelers looking for a very considered trip. And since alternative accommodations do play an important role in that, we just want to have that supply on our system, certainly, regardless, without necessarily investing in building a -- or growing our supply organization in order to get it.

Sure. Thanks, Lee. So certainly, at some point, we will be looking to build a brand around the subscription offerings. I really do want to drive home the point, though, that we have north of 100 million members. We have tens of millions of travelers planning a trip visiting our site every single day. These are all folks who we have the opportunity to introduce our subscription product to. At the right moment, they are already in travel planning mode or if they're a member, they already know TripAdvisor and have been using us perhaps 4 years. 
So we think the success of the subscription product will revolve around the value that we're providing to these travelers, helping them understand or just making sure that, that math works, that the perks, the extra experience, the delight and the savings that we're offering the traveler is worth that subscription piece. 
Unlike another business. If you were to start up a travel subscription business and not have our demand asset, your question would be spot on, how much do you have to spend in order to acquire and what's the lifetime value going to be for the subscription? And can you make that math work? For us, it's really quite different because we're confident we already have the traffic. So -- for the demand on the site each and every day. 
Obviously, we will be -- not obviously, perhaps. But of course, we will be spending some marketing dollars if we have some folks going through a path to buy a subscription product and they abandon, we would naturally seek them out to remind them to come back and finish the transaction. But the big win, the big opportunity, is to leverage the traffic that we already have. And as others have done, do a consistent job, improving the value over time with our content, additional discounts, special treatment, upgrades, the credits at hotels, experiences that are in -- destinations that are unique to paid membership value offering. 
And we're -- there have been other programs in travel. There's certainly been plenty of programs like this in other verticals. But again, to your question, it's not a question of cost of that consumer acquisition for us because they're already on our site. 
Ernst, do you want to take the second one?

All right. Thanks, Tom. So as you saw, we announced a couple of additional products in our hospitality solutions offering to new B2B products to enhance your reputation as well as to deliver business insights to help on your business. So we're constantly evolving in helping the sort of tens of thousands of hoteliers in these. And then, as many of the chains as are interested, help them grow their business and grow their business using TripAdvisor. 
I -- to the question on the subscription product and how it relates, we obviously view that channel direct to hoteliers as a tremendous asset in being able to deliver unique value in the subscription products. So if you can imagine a hotelier that might have a shoulder season and might be perfectly happy to provide a discounted room or an extra piece of an extra credit, an extra part of the experience at their resort to TripAdvisor members behind our pay gate. So if you think of the overall ecosystem, there tends to be or many hotels aim for rate parity across the various channels. But behind a paid gate or a subscription gate, there's lots of new things that hoteliers can choose to do. And we're not, by any means, inventing this model, the price line, the hot wire, the -- there have been plenty of other very successful examples of how discounted rates and other packaged rates are in established distribution channel for hotels. 
For the first time, we're bringing that to TripAdvisor in the form of this subscription offering. So we shall see, and we will learn what hotels are interested in offering to get access, preferred access, in some cases, to those -- to the travelers on TripAdvisor. 
Specifically around connectivity. We have connectivity through the OTAs, through GDSs, through hundreds of different Internet booking engines that hotels have been using on our site. It's not an easy part of the equation, but through previous efforts, we have quite a bit of experience establishing the connectivity that will enable many, and dare I say, most hoteliers that would be interested in our audience to be able to establish that direct booking or that direct offer capability.

Yes. Thanks, Steve. Interesting question. So we were pretty quick to market with our Travel Safe initiative. It grew -- in previous calls. I think I was talking about 50,000 businesses, advertising their information about safety. Now it's up to 120,000. 
So I think our traveler has clearly received benefit, those that are clicking on or those properties with Travel Safe information are getting a higher percentage of our traffic. We share that with hotels all the time. It's fairly obvious to think about travelers want to know what the hotel is doing to keep them safe. And so I think we've earned some bonus points with travelers by presenting the information in such a comprehensive way. And with hoteliers for making it available to hoteliers and restauranteurs for free to help them address the concerns that their customers have. 
I -- we do quite a bit for hoteliers and restauranteurs, for free We let them sign up, they can add photos, they respond to reviews. All of that is part of just our ongoing relationships with our registered owners. When we offer products that -- all the ones that we've brought to market so far, they're really to help leverage some additional information on TripAdvisor or get additional bookings, direct bookings from our site, which, again, helps them to grow. 
The subscription offering brings yet another model that is a very demand oriented and extremely easy to measure because we are actually providing more bookings based upon the offer. And it's kind of a no-risk situation for a hotelier who wants to test participating in our program. And they will see the bookings come through whatever connectivity we've established with them. If we are successful in driving more and that makes it a win for them, and our traveler obviously gets the benefit, the perk or both that the hotel is offering.

Yes. So I'll take a shot at that. Steve again. So I think you've seen some of the leading indicators, the destination marketing organizations, the geographies that want to start attracting tourists, are leaning in a bit more heavily into the display space, one of our product offerings then the chains. And that's a combination of dollars available, but also, they recognize -- those organizations recognize that people are -- even in the midst of a pandemic, planning, still making some of the decisions for well when all this craziness is over, where do we get to go. And the DMOs want to be there, and that's arguably a bit too risky for the hotel chain to play in that sort of leveling decision process. 
We have no doubt that as demand picks up because people feel safe to travel. Again, not next month, not even next quarter, necessarily. But as the recovery happens, all of the ecosystem will rebound to where we were. The chains will be super active. The destination marketing organizations, because so many destinations, tourism is a critical component, will be back on the site in spades. And OTAs and our traditional clients will all be back in force looking for that demand. 
Kind of one other thing I wanted to kind of add on that subscription product, because we're talking about sort of chains and loyalty programs, is that, of course, we believe that the loyalty programs that the chains offer and that the OTAs offer will obviously continue. Those tend to be reasonably strong programs. Our subscription offering is not meant in any way, shape or form, to pull people away from those. It's very -- we view it as very complementary to those systems. And so nothing that we're doing, product-wise, would make it any less interesting for hotel chains, for instance, to be terrific advertising partners for us.

Certainly. So I can start. Thank you, Dae. I -- 2 B2B products recently released and then the subscription component, we can talk about that if you want. 
I -- in no particular order, there's a Reputation Pro, which enables hotelier -- I mean, stepping up level a hotel's reputation on TripAdvisor is for many, many properties around the globe, critical to their success. It's a ton of absolutely free visibility, whether they're client to us or not. It's visibility for them. It's reputation. I read it about it on TripAdvisor. They're very proud of their awards. And so hotels naturally do what they can. Many, many hotels try very hard to improve their reputation on TripAdvisor because as everyone knows, you can't kind of buy your way in the sort order. 
So one of the best ways that we recommend hotels to improve their reputation on TripAdvisor is to actually deliver a better customer experience, no surprise, and then to get their travelers, their guests to write about their experience on TripAdvisor. And we've just seen stunningly consistent correlation between the more guests that write about the hotel, the better the overall average score of the review is. 
So Reputation Pro helps automate that process. So hoteliers are able to essentially set it and forget it, so that the review request goes out to all the guests. It can also add some extra questions. The hotelier gets some extra insights into what guests are saying. But most importantly, the review volume goes up, the reviews tend to be positive, which helps their ranking on TripAdvisor. Again, they can -- and many hotels do it independently. They e-mail their guests, ask them to write reviews on TripAdvisor. We love that. But for those that want to have it a bit more automated, be able to check the reviews on TripAdvisor and Facebook and Google all in one spot, it's a very nice, relatively simple offering. 
Second product is Spotlight. It's a business insights product. It looks around at -- this is in partnership with another company. And using Tripadvisor data and the other technology really helps deliver insights into how to run your hotel business. What price your rooms' at. It's a relatively established category, but penetration is not what one might expect because it's expensive to have a trusted sales force that runs globally. Well, we have that. So in partnership with some extra bells and whistles, ee've put together a product and we're bringing it to market now. 
We think those are 2 very valuable products to hoteliers. They're also sticky products. They're helping them run their business and build their reputation over the long term. So we look to form relationships that -- with hoteliers that are really helping them in a permanent sense. To the degree that some hoteliers will also be very interested in our -- in offering something special in our subscription business, that's another -- more on the demand side, but hoteliers care about filling the rooms. And so that will be -- not yet, but will be another opportunity to engage with hoteliers and help them grow their business.

Thank you, everyone, for joining the call. 
I just want to reiterate my thanks to all TripAdvisor employees. Your dedication is an inspiration. You are truly living one of our company values of being better together. 
To our investors, we are confident in the signals of pent-up consumer demand, and we believe our continued discipline, balance of cost savings and targeted investment in our future will enable us to emerge leaner and stronger than before. 
We'll get through this. Time and time again, travel has rebounded and travelers have come back to TripAdvisor. We will continue executing our strategy and make sure TripAdvisor plays in the influential role with consumers and partners worldwide in this recovery and beyond. So thanks, and stay safe, everyone.