Thank you, Will, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. As covered in our shareholder letter, we were pleased to report that Q2 grew by 91% versus Q1, our net loss narrowed and adjusted EBITDA turned positive. Both monthly unique users and revenue as a percentage of 2019 levels improved each month throughout the quarter. Versus last quarter, we saw strength predominantly in the U.S. market. In Q2, we saw the recovery start to broaden, particularly in Europe. These results indicate that the recovery is well underway and that TripAdvisor is positioned well. 
We note that traffic and revenue improved in July versus June. And while we are mindful of the variants and their potential impacts on travel and the high percentage of domestic travel, we remain optimistic about the second half of the year and 2022 when the recovery broadens as both urban and international travel return in full.
While we are pleased with how we are successfully navigating the recovery, the TripAdvisor story remains much more than just getting past COVID. We see a huge opportunity to drive long-term growth and delivering more value to consumers and partners on our platform. We have and will continue to position the business for future growth by leveraging TripAdvisor's global scale, influence and competitive strengths to execute on our strategic growth initiatives. This includes building our direct-to-consumer subscription offering, TripAdvisor Plus, which we rolled out to all U.S. users in the quarter. 
We will continue to invest in our product offerings, our tech and our go-to-market strategies in order to deliver customers the best experience possible and drive diverse growth across our platform.
So in summary, Q2 had many encouraging developments. I want to thank TripAdvisor employees for their passion and commitment to helping hundreds of millions of consumers and partners get back to travel. To our loyal customers and partners, we will keep building our products and services to drive more value to you. I remain very optimistic about what's ahead. 
And with that, Ernst, let me turn it over to you for some additional thoughts.

Sure thing. Thanks, Naved. It obviously a topic I love to talk about. I got to start with the -- it is very early days but I have to say, I think we're really on to something here. As I mentioned before, we have plenty of examples of fantastic subscription businesses in a bunch of other categories, but not yet in travel. And so with our traffic, our brand trust, we think TripAdvisor is just the ideal company to create a really affordable plan that lets everyone, as we say, up their travel.
As you know, we just launched the product a couple of months ago in the U.S. So the question, I guess, you're asking is like what have we learned so far? Well, I'd say the biggest thing absolutely above our expectations is that we're saving a lot of money for travelers. The average savings is an impressive $350 with -- there's some bookings every single day that are saving a traveler over $1,000. That's pretty amazing stuff, the user discounts that hotels are passing along to our travelers, and they're just like that's a great value proposition.
Travelers pay $99 for this privilege to be able to get all these discounts. And as a matter of fact, we're testing an expansion into our experiences booking flow, not just the hotel booking flow as we really want to kind of expand the offering. As you know, we have discounts on not only hotels but experiences, and we want to leverage all of the traffic to help even more travelers take advantage of these savings.
But to be fair, no product ever launches without some hitches. And so while I'm excited about the traveler savings exceeding our expectations. To be candid, we haven't made as much progress signing big chains I would have hoped. But hey, we are great at listening, we're great at iterating and improving. And so we've taken to heart some of the feedback that we've heard from our hotel chain partners and believe we have a solution that will be much more in line with their goals and that won't hurt the great value proposition that we've created for travelers.
So unfortunately, right now, I'm not ready to announce anything, but we're getting a much better reception from chains to the changes that we're making to the product. And that's a critical part of building this 2-sided marketplace. As you know, we signed a couple of other hotel chains. We're excited about that. And we've also partnered with the Trip.com specifically around Plus, and we're working closely with them to bring all of their supply, and they have a lot, into the Plus ecosystem. 
In terms of the question on kind of, are users booking right away? I'd say most users are seeing in the flow of booking their hotel, they are seeing that they can save money if they subscribe kind of along the way. And that's the no-brainer moment that we had talked about in prior calls, pointing out that the savings that you make on this particular booking can more than pay for the subscription. Not all I like that but certainly most.

Sure. So I'd say the biggest challenge some properties have had with our current implementation is along the topic of rate parity where we're showing a discounted rate and hotels care a lot about having a standard rate across the Internet. And so we've heard that loud and clear. And so as I just mentioned, we're making some changes that we think goes a long way towards addressing those changes. And hopefully, you'll see those come to fruition in the next few months, as in live on the site and offering the opportunity for more and more hotel chains to join in.
To be clear, with partners like Trip.com, they have already a lot of inventory that is going to make a big difference, we believe, on the supply equation for Plus. When it comes to your question about asking individual hotels to sign up, we currently ask for a kind of the 0 commission rate or a discounted rate that we can then show our travelers. There is some -- that there is some more for the hotelier to go create that rate so that we can show the savings. That's what earns the hoteliers a higher position on our site and gets them more bookings because we're certainly preferencing hotels that are better deals for the consumer, and that's always what a consumer is interested in. So we think with some of the new things that we have under the covers, we can actually even make that sign-up process simpler. And again, I'll have a bunch more to say on that the next time we chat.

So 2 terrific questions, Jason. So if I had to project out over several years, as we look to build more and more properties that will have some level of discounts that we can share or pass back to the travelers, yes, I would expect that overall savings on average to come down. But I think of that as more because we're building -- hopefully building a habit with consumers that they're coming back to us to not only book that $1,000 trip, but now that they're getting this savings for an entire year, they're coming back to book the $200 trip.

And that property may not have a great discount on it, but it may have a good discount on it. And of course, it's a lower overall spend. So they literally, that traveler may have saved $150 on the first purchase, a nice discount on a big ticket and it's going to save $25 on the second purchase because it's a 1-night stay at  a moderately priced hotel. Traveler's happy about that. They're building more loyalty, reusing our product over and over again, coming to us first because they're able to find that, that discount on more and more inventory.
But you just do the math and it was $150 savings the first time, $25 savings the second time, and that's going to be bringing your average down. 
I absolutely believe that we will always have a set of properties in pretty much every market that will have tremendous savings on them because there's always, just in the hotel distribution industry, there's always a set of great properties that could use some extra demand at certain points in time. 
And TripAdvisors has the opportunity to be a great channel to distribute those rooms on a very incremental basis to hoteliers.
To your second question on COVID impacting signing hotels. Yes, but I think it probably has but for a slightly different reason, I think, than what you had shared. We're happy to sign hotels at a variety of discount levels. Our message is simply that the higher discount that you sign with us, the higher -- the more visibility you're going to get on our site. But you can also start with a discount that is similar or even less than what your other distribution channels -- than what you're paying to other distribution channels.
And so every hotel, even if they have a lot of demand, would always prefer to, A, they prefer to get bookings direct. But then when they go to alternate channels, they would like it to be the most cost efficient for them, and we think we can help do that for the hoteliers. 
The reason why I think COVID is impacting our ability to sign, to some degree, is simply being able to reach people. Whether the hotel has not come back to full staff or whether they're really focused on making sure their hotel is safe for guests, or perhaps dealing -- I'm sure there are some cases where they are sold out and just don't want to kind of bother signing a new channel. But I think it's probably more that they're still just getting back on their feet and growing their business globally, all of which very solvable.
It comes back to as travel recovers, hotels are always going to be looking for alternative distribution opportunities. 
For our model, we're a cheaper channel for hotels, a very flexible channel for hotels. So I like the reaction when we talk to individual hoteliers or groups has always been very positive. It's just been a matter of time and sometimes connectivity issues in terms of getting them all live on the site.

So on Plus, we certainly have a lot of experience going back quite a few years with our instant booking initiative, bringing lots of aggregators all around the globe on to the platform. It takes time. In fact, some of the new product direction pieces that I alluded to actually, fortunately for us, get to reuse some of the instant booking infrastructure that we had in place and have kept live. So I do think over time, you will see some additional aggregators or OTAs as part of the equation. But they're not kind of, from our perspective, they're not critical to have. We have a pretty good supply footprint now with Trip.com coming online and their global reach.
From our perspective, well, it's always nice as we surface an offer to a consumer, to be able to pick amongst kind of the best discounts for a particular property. It's actually a little less interesting from a consumer perspective because our goal is to always be surfacing offers that are better than the retail rate that is out there. And so whether we have 5 or 10 OTAs to kind of choose from in surfacing a particular offer is less important than having a good offer. 
And as I've said, the supply footprint from Trip.com, just the sheer number of properties that are available on their platform, is really quite impressive. So we will continue to pursue additional aggregators, additional OTAs, but we don't view it as kind of critical to the success of the product.

Yes. This is Steve to add on just 1 sentence to Ernst's comments. Think of all that supply that we've gathered, that we've perfected, that we're able to merchandise and now we want to know where are all the consumers that could want it. And you've got that pure-play OTA named viator.com growing like a weed, looking fantastic. TripAdvisor always has a ton of people planning their entire trip to a destination, of which Experiences is a key part. So great we have that piece of the funnel.
And then for the folks that aren't on our sites, we have this amazing third-party program with the likes of Expedia and Booking and most of the other big names that can capture travelers who offer our [ wares ] to travelers who are not part of our own ecosystem, all of which benefits in a 2-sided marketplace like Experiences are, all of which benefits the supplier because it's more bookings, which in turn helps everyone achieve all the things you get when you're the biggest player in town. So quite excited about our Experiences biz.
To the question on Plus, did the language soften? No, not at all. As I started, I'm more excited about Plus every week that goes by. To put it simply, we literally have millions of travelers looking at hotels on our site every single day. You can call it 100 million a month in normal times. We've described on these calls the 160 million, I think we call it shots on goal, as in 160 million hotel metasearch clicks in 2019 for stays that were of significance, and I call that at $750 or more.
So it's 160 million people interested in clicking to a partner site because they're interested in buying a hotel room at $750. $750 being the number that kind of makes this a pretty easy purchase. 
Now to add another 100 million travelers a month looking at Experiences, that's a lot of reach and influence. And of course, TripAdvisor overall has even more traffic than that. But that 200 million, they're looking at a hotel, they're looking at experience. And those are the 2 categories that Plus plays in right now.
So it's a small fraction of those travelers sign up each month for our subscription product because they know they're going to save money on these hundreds of thousands of hotels, hundreds of thousands of attractions. We end up adding millions of subscribers over the next years with that same longer-term opportunity in the tens of millions. 
So again, we think it's a super interesting space  for TripAdvisor to occupy, fits extremely well with our focus on guidance, leveraging the traffic we have, the brand trust we have and kind of the things that people already know TripAdvisor for and now introducing the subscription product, again, proven in so many other categories and we believe is the next big thing in travel.

Sure. Yes, we have done some free trial programs. I'm sure, we will continue to do some more. We're learning how to market a subscription product as it's our first one. I think it's a great opportunity. We've chosen not to go broad as in our entire audience with a free trial. We don't think that makes sense at this point for our partners. But I'd go back to my statement that it's very early days, we feel with our audience reach. We have a lot of different ways that we can talk to them. We have really hundreds of millions of members. The product is still rolled out just to the United States so far.
And so whether it's a free trial, a bundle, better job putting it in the Experiences flow, more marketing across the site, changing how we merchandise Plus, so that I think right now, if you're going to save at least $75, we're going to put it front and center. We can play with that number up or down. There's just lots of different ways that we are essentially iterating on every month as we look for the magic formula that helps the scale.

Well, that's -- so again, early days. It's really hard for us to look at a 6-month cohort at this point, given that it's embedded to a small percentage of our traffic in Q1. And it's always just hard for us to compare what that booking behavior would be compared to what that customer does otherwise. So we can see how it compares visits on our site, a stronger repeat, that sort of thing. But I'm not sure that, that's telling us enough right now. So candidly, in my view, that's going to be a great question where we're going to have a lot more interesting data on in 3 months and 6 months than we do right now. But rest assured, we're looking at that sort of stuff.

I don't want to give too much color on the specifics of the contract, but know that we look at the size of their inventory, their interest in sort of helping facilitate bookings to our global audience. And given the size of our global audience and the amount of inventory they have, there's not going to be anything manual about the whole process. So we aim to scale. We have experience working with OTAs and bringing breadth of inventory onboard to TripAdvisor in our sort of past lives, and Trip.com has distributed their inventory to other players as well. So again, I think it's a pretty good match.
Trip.com has global inventory. They literally have tons of hotels in every single country in the world as historically, Trip.com has served more outbound travel from China, but with their acquisitions, they've established a much more global footprint of travelers as well. 
And so no one supplier will ever offer the complete set of inventory that we're looking to build with Trip.com is absolutely a key and trusted partner in helping us bring Plus to not only more hotels across the U.S., more hotels across the world, but over time, more hotels in more languages to serve more markets.

I have nothing to announce now, but absolutely, we expect to be adding more benefits over time. We have Dollar Flight Club, we have Hertz, 2 pretty compelling benefits, and we see plenty of opportunity to add more in the years to come. No one subscriber in a travel club is going to use all of the benefits. But every additional thing that you add that ends up getting used is another reason why that individual is going to be sure to renew in addition to the savings on the hotels and experiences that we already offer. So we're looking ahead towards renewal opportunities and want to make sure that every Trip Plus subscriber is getting value on the things we offer and things that our partners can offer.

Terrific. Thank you, everyone, for joining the call. Travel recovery is underway. We will continue executing our long term-focused strategy to drive meaningful value in the years to come. A big thank you to all of our employees as well as to TripAdvisor customers worldwide, and a big thank you to our shareholders for their shared belief that TripAdvisor can play a key role in shaping travel in the years ahead. Please get your vaccines and stay safe, and I look forward to updating everyone on our progress next quarter. Thanks, all.