Thank you, Will, and good morning, everyone. As we outlined in our shareholder letter, challenging 2019 hotel auction trends persisted in Q4, though our financial results were in line with our lowered expectations. We've taken action in our 3 important focus areas. Specifically, we've continued to focus on driving revenue growth outside of the hotel auction, we adjusted our cost structure to support continued strong adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow and we have returned a total of $548 million of capital to shareholders through a special dividend and share buyback. 
We also closed 2 acquisitions that further bolster our fast-growing restaurant offering in Q4. More recently, we reorganized to align teams along our  One TripAdvisor vision. These changes bring together and streamline the TripAdvisor user and shopping experience, leveraging our differentiated people-powered planning consumer value proposition. 
Our target travelers want to take a trip that's really important to them, come to us to plan that entire trip. We therefore expect our Non-Hotel auction revenue will drive the lion's share of our future growth. We expect E&D revenue alone will exceed the hotel auction in 2020. And over the coming years, the relative sizes of these revenue lines will reduce the hotel auction's influence on our overall results. 
In summary, we are enhancing our position in an attractive and competitive travel market and clearly differentiating ourselves from every other travel company. We continue to have strong unique assets and our progress makes us optimistic about our future. 
We'll now open up the call for questions.

Sure. Deepak, this is Steve. Thanks for the question. Hotel auction was stable Q3 to Q4, but it's still challenged. What we're doing about it is building direct relationships with our travelers and you can see that in the increased membership rates. With this direct relationship, we're getting more repeat traffic and a higher percentage of our revenues coming from these members. And that's great for our long-term health of our business. Perhaps just as important, we're focused on extending this relationship we have with the traveler to beyond hotel, to help them on the full trip. Let's say you're going to Cancun, the hotel is important, but you should definitely consider any number of the tours that we offer to really make that trip special. And how about some restaurants? And all that stuff is working. As you can see, more travelers on TripAdvisor are booking experiences than ever before, and our media and reservation businesses are -- they're growing double digits. 
In terms of the SEO impact later in 2020 -- look, we always assume some continued Google headwinds, but nothing dramatic. Nothing like that is baked into our plan. 
To your second question, the coronavirus. One has to believe it's part of our softer start in the Hotel auction for us. And we do see some unexpected new cancellation levels in Asia, but we're not that exposed to Asia as an overall part of our business. So we're watching it closely. We might see a point or 2 or low single-digits impact. But at this point, it's there, we're watching it closely. It's not that material to us.

Sure. This is Steve, again. So we're super bullish on our overall Experiences & Dining segment and Experiences in particular. Internally, we've changed things around to really focus both on the TripAdvisor opportunity, which has been growing strongly, as we told you, to help center around the traveler and whether that traveler is looking at a hotel or a restaurant or an experience, help that traveler finish that considered trip. So we look at bookings growth rate on TripAdvisor as remaining strong. When we look at Viator, which is the other part of our change, we're adding a bunch more focus on that platform. And with that focus as a pure-play for Experiences, we're excited about its reacceleration in terms of bookings growth and overall focus for the year. 
In terms of the pricing question, our marketplace had grown dramatically over the past several years and we discovered that there were parts of the marketplace that frankly, weren't fair to a number of suppliers, given different suppliers had some different margins on the platform and we wanted to fix that. We firmly believe in a fair marketplace for all of our suppliers and a fair marketplace is going to give the best results for travelers no matter where they're traveling. I don't think that's a big impact on overall financial, but it is important for the health of the marketplace.

Sure. Shweta, this is Steve. I'll take the first question. Member growth does continue to accelerate, adds a lot of fresh users who had been coming by our site, hadn't found a reason to log in and now they're doing so. That allows us to reach out to them again through our CRM efforts. We added 50 million, as we indicated in 2019, and we're on a great pace going into 2020. Members do come back more, no surprise there. They are a higher percentage of our overall revenue is now coming from members, as I had said. And while we're not kind of ready to share specific numbers about increased monetization rates, every great business builds its loyalty based upon people who view themselves as members. Signing in is 1 attribute, who are just coming back to main direct, coming back for more and more of their travel purchases. 
Critical to this kind of focus of ours, and it really is a focus and you can see the results, is that consider Trip in helping those members plan, not just what they originally started on for TripAdvisor, but the rest of that travel cycle. They started on a restaurant and they become a member, that's fantastic. We can help them with the experience with the hotel, with the flight, et cetera.

Sure. This is Steve. Could you clarify the promoted ads? That's not really the term we use. Are you referring to our sponsored placements or us....

Our media business [ attracting travelers ]

This is Steve. I'll take the Experiences conversion. I might ask you after I finish to repeat the second question. So with the Experiences, it's a 2-part answer. On TripAdvisor, we're getting better and better at helping travelers no matter where they are in the funnel, discover the experiences and make it very easy for them to buy the right experience around that point of interest. So if it's a Buckingham Palace, is it a guided tour, is it a skip the line, is it a private tour, what's the best experience -- what's the best thing that we can offer to help sell that particular attraction. 
On Viator, the fact that we have so much more choice and that we're improving our ability with  streamlined methods to actually complete the purchase, still a bunch of low-hanging fruit that we're excited to tackle that we started on over the past several quarters and have a rather robust road map to help our travelers on that particular point-of-sale. 
I reiterate, the focus that our recent changes are allowing us to pursue in terms of helping the traveler throughout the trip on TripAdvisor, makes us extremely bullish given the hundreds of millions of travelers on our site planning a considered trip. And then on Viator, occupying the mind share around being the place to go to have that magical experience, whether I discover Viator when I'm in destination or whether I'm a planner and am picking out the absolute best hike or tour or Vatican experience or whatever. Could I ask you to repeat the second question?

I don't think we referred to 10 products. We had launched a couple on the ad side that Lindsay had covered in the last answer. And certainly, there are different ad units on our site, different than a rectangle or we have a new homepage placement that we've been talking about. I'd give -- the short answer is, it's all part of the mix that makes us comfortable with -- continue with our estimation that we'll still be able -- that we'll continue -- that we are executing on our plan to double our media revenue over the next 3 to 5 years. We're not sure any 1 product is going to be a breakaway hit, but -- so our strategy is really to focus on our audience, segmenting it for the right buyer and leveraging the fact that we have so much first-party data, which is becoming scarcer across the media universe.

And on the Experiences side, let's all remember 80% of the bookings are done off-line. And so when you look at -- with the TripAdvisor brand lens on, we have so many of those travelers already on our site. Our job is to match that traveler demand either in planning mode or in destination. We don't have to pay additional dollars to get those travelers. It's a clear advantage we have over basically every other competitor in the attraction space. When you look at Viator with its supply footprint, certainly in the markets where we are strong, we're sort of a clear leader, a clear player with all of the heavy -- not all, but most of the heavy lifting already done in terms of building the supply footprint and infrastructure. So when you compare Viator's closer to stand-alone entity versus their head-to-head competitors, certainly, we believe we stand ahead and we stand tall. We have better supply. We have a ton of traffic. We have more direct traffic, more brand awareness. It's really quite a good story that we plan to leverage going forward. Great markets bring lots of competitors. So we're not particularly nervous about other pure-play attraction players. We're certainly watching carefully because the market is so big and has such nice growth opportunities.

Yes. Excellent question. There's certainly a plethora of opportunity around the globe. And so we do have to focus in on certain areas. We're not trying to do everything in every geography. So naturally we go where we already have a good supply footprint and/or a great traffic footprint, particularly on the TripAdvisor point-of-sale, so that we at least come with either a strong supply footprint or a strong demand footprint as opposed to having to start from scratch in either. That's pretty much how you can see our product strategy, our supply strategy and our demand strategy rolling out between TripAdvisor and Viator, leveraging either a supply or a demand footprint. And there will be other players, we recognize that, that grab a foothold in a market that we're not particularly strong in at the moment. However, our overall considered trip with our current audience, where we can bring the demand. If we don't have the supply ourselves, we can cut the supply relationships with somebody else, perhaps. There's lots of different ways to do what's right for our traveler.

That's a terrific 2-parter. I'll ask Lindsay to handle the first, and you'll see how it dovetails nicely with the second.

And as you can imagine, downloading and being a frequent user of the app is an ultimate sign of loyalty. And so when we look at that 80% off-line experience purchase, a chunk of it is, I have no reason to book in advance and all of a sudden TripAdvisor and Viator are now giving you a reason because of convenience. You can always cancel 24 hours before the thing. There's different payment methods. There's potentially deals and there's just the convenience of buying through a safe channel like TripAdvisor or Viator in advance. And then for all those things that you put on your wish list, not ready. Not because you don't like the tour, you're just not sure if you're ready to take it. Now you're in destination, you open up our app and there it is in that exact same format and now you're ready to buy it, because heaven forbid it's now sold out. And with the app we continue push notifications, telling you that hey, inventory is getting limited, or now is a good time, or here are some 3 other things you might want to do. Imagine it down the road, how incredibly helpful it can be to have a travel agent, a travel wizard in your pocket giving you recommendations based on where you are, what the weather is like, the things that we've learned about you, to just make that in-destination travel experience so much easier, so much better. And that's a sign of loyalty that we feel we're in a great position to deliver. To be clear, that is not a Q3 launch. A Q3 launch is the beginning of the app. It's a new surface. We're very excited about it. It's the -- what I talked about was the several year vision of how the traveler becomes super loyal to us because of all the services that we're providing, both in planning and in destination.

This is Steve. With regard to the test that Google seems to be doing, putting an organic link above some of their placements, we'll see how it goes. Far, far too early to tell whether that's a null effect or a modest positive. But a little hard for me to believe that it would be meaningful, from what I've seen so far.

Thanks, Lee, for the question. Excited to answer. We had a plan many years ago when we first bought Viator. First, turning it into a marketplace from very curated selection, growing supply, doing it geographically, and leveraging the demand that existed on the TripAdvisor and the Viator platform. And we needed to teach ourselves how to best merchandise experiences, having been, from the TripAdvisor side, not in that business for -- previously. And so the 1 team that was responsible both for TripAdvisor and for Viator was leveraging all those new learnings for how to effectively sell experiences to travelers. With several years now of getting that into our DNA, we're now able to split it off and say, "For TripAdvisor, we've got the merchandising down. Let's now tackle how an experience is part of a key considered trip." And that's a little bit of a different muscle that's very unique to TripAdvisor because of all the traffic we have across all of the verticals. So our reorganization applied a focus towards helping that traveler on TripAdvisor, no matter whether they're looking for a restaurant, a hotel or an experience. 
Flip it back over to Viator. Now we have an opportunity as a pure-play OTA for experiences to really build up both the brand, the focus on the merchandising at just the Viator point-of-sale, leveraging our third party relationships, of which there are quite a few, and focus from, a set of consumers are looking for just the best thing to do while they're in destination or beforehand. And while some may go to TripAdvisor, which will be great for TripAdvisor Media group, there will be a set that are just looking for a pure-play experiences offering. And we want Viator to have all the leverage to win in that space. So it's kind of like, it was always part of what we thought would happen and I think we timed it well in terms of being able to have both sides learn the merchandising, learn the best practices and then enable each brand to chase its audience.

Yes, this is Steve. If you look back, we had wanted to diversify our business over the past 5 years. And with our acquisitions of LaFourchette and Viator, the subsequent set of acquisitions and the investment that we put behind them at the expense of margin over the past several years, you can see that it paid off pretty much as we had looked for in terms of growing the overall E&D component. And so now we're sitting here, yes, with the hotel auction that's challenged but a growing hotel B2B business, a growing media business, a growing experiences business, a growing restaurant business as we successfully -- with still lots more to come -- but successfully moved the core focus of our overall business from Hotel auction to a much more diversified and growing set of segments.

And this is Steve. The list is quite long in terms of additional product enhancements in 2020 to help drive engagement. We talked a lot already about members. We talked about a new app experience. We talked about better able to help the traveler plan out and save all the different things that they're looking to do and present that in a more convenient way, and enable travelers to share that with their traveling companions all in the engagement category. To the feed question that we had launched, the feed is still there. Everything still gets posted. It helps in different types of content contribution. We like all that. It's just kind of one of the many things in 2020 that we expect will be helping to drive engagement.

Terrific. Thanks, everyone, for joining the call with us today. In closing, we're executing on our plan, and I look forward to updating everyone on our continued progress next quarter. Thanks.