Thank you, Will, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our call.
We're living in unprecedented times, impacting all of our personal lives and hitting the travel industry hard. First, to those on the front lines and the medical profession and to the everyday heroes working at our local grocery stores or delivery services, thank you. To our partners and suppliers in the travel industry, who are struggling with sudden drop in business, we understand your pain, and we are helping in all the ways we can. And to our employees, know that your hard work during this challenging time is meaningful as TripAdvisor will play a critical role in helping with travel industry rebound.
As we reported, estimated bookings and revenue-related activity generally has been down by more than 90% since late March. April stabilized at these low year-over-year performance levels.
We acknowledge industry estimates around travel's long road to recovery. However, we are encouraged by some early small signs in recent weeks that show consumer demand is picking back up. We, TripAdvisor and the industry, will get through this. Travel will return. It is accepted as a fundamental human right in so many parts of the world. We believe our core strategy to help guide travelers on trips that really matter to them is not only compelling and differentiated but even more essential in times like this, where travelers have high anxiety and uncertainty.
As Ernst will discuss in a minute, we have streamlined our cost profile and solidified our financial position to weather this pandemic. And we believe our trusted brand and customer-focused platform enables us to help get the world traveling again. Ernst?

Thanks, Deepak. That's a great question and does dovetail very much with what we're doing internally. I -- we have a fully centralized B2C organization at TripAdvisor now that kind of follows or as an extension on the One TripAdvisor vision that we had talked about for the last couple of quarters. The key element to that is truly helping the traveler plan all of the things that they need for this considered trip. So instead of or in comparison to someone first shopping for hotel and then maybe shopping for an experience later, we really are aiming to have our travelers plan the entire trip with us no matter which category they happen to start in. That considered trip, huge TAM, great positioning with respect to or in comparison to a search engine like Google or someone that just sells an airline flight or a hotel, and leverages very much the brand trust that people have in us in TripAdvisor to guide them through that whole journey.
So we have -- to the second part of your question, we have an excellent monetization vehicle for when someone is in hotel shopping mode or experience shopping mode. And we've grown our restaurant media business quite well when they're looking for a place to eat. Our biggest challenge has been enabling people to plan the entire trip around it so that we get not just a bite at when they're looking for a hotel or restaurant or attraction. But since every considered trip involves, at the minimum, all 3 components, how do we help the traveler and therefore, monetize all those different components.
Add to that, some initial efforts on leveraging the large consumer base with direct-to-consumer products, and I think we have both the considered trip monetized more for every considered shopper that we have and some new offerings going after newer revenue streams, namely direct-to-consumer as potentially kind of opportunities ahead that we've never tapped into before.

Sure. So I want to caution folks, the uptick we're seeing is modest. It's not anything that I would characterized as a big rebound, which obviously makes sense given that the lockdowns in many parts of the world are easing but are not off. And so therefore, it starts to come back, and we're probably an early indicator as people are thinking about the trip, but not yet booking it on our site. So traffic has started to come back pretty much around the globe.
To the question on how will the headcount reductions change what we invested in -- what we're investing in, yes, we're having to focus on some of these core things that matter to us, but growing our media business to better monetize all of our unique audience is certainly something we view as a high priority. And so I would recall the key points that I made in the past call and this one in terms of helping a traveler, guiding a traveler through their considered trip, we will continue to be investing there. We will continue to be investing in our B2B businesses, both with experiences and obviously, our hotel auction. And then the display or general media business continues to be we expect a very nice growth driver for us.

Sure. I'll take the auction question then maybe Ernst on subscription. You may see a little, what I'll call, dislocation in the auction at the moment or over the past week or 2 as many of our clients had to do a very quick reallocation, a very quick pullback. But if we look at prior recessions, prior big challenges to the travel industry, those companies that had an interesting demand footprint were in a good position because so many of the companies that have big fixed assets, be it planes or in our case, hotels are very hungry for demand. And the travelers on TripAdvisor and other front-end media sites become very valuable. So I would -- I'd say I'm cautiously optimistic that many of our current clients, certainly, the big folks will be very eager to get access to the auction that we have on our site. And so as demand picks up, those eyeballs are that much more valuable. I'll turn it to Ernst.

Sure. So on meta evolving, I really do believe we will have all the major OTAs, certainly, the major chains be eager for our demand. So I think the -- what we might call the liquidity of the auction will be strong, and people will be fighting over travelers on our site and others.
With respect to the traveler health and safety, absolutely important. Arguably, the biggest challenge, not just in an informational context, but what are the airlines and hotels and other travel companies actually doing to provide a safe experience for travel. We expect and we would hope to be a major information hub to help travelers in exactly that concern. People turn to TripAdvisor because we are a very trusted brand, and we expect to share as much information as we can gather about the safety-related issues in anywhere you're going as well as where you're staying and what you may choose to do while you were there. I -- we think that, that will be a major benefit to travelers, helping them get comfortable to get back on the road.
As many others have pointed out, probably trips will move towards more domestic travel than international, which works very well for us because we have -- we're not -- our business is not centered around a dozen top cities. Our business is centered around everywhere a traveler is interested in going. So we have great content, great choice.
I don't think, to your question specifically, we'll need to scale down supply. We're simply going to be informing our travelers about the safety considerations that they may have questions about in all of our categories. And with that -- and our community to answer questions, I would hope you would be -- I would expect we would be a major source of valuable information for our hundreds of millions or billions of travelers.

So I'll take that to begin with...

Thanks, Eric. I'll take the first part about it. In terms of -- at the biggest macro level from a traveler perspective, how do I think things are going to change in travel in a 2-, 3-year time frame? I got to say not much. People love to travel. It's more and more of the younger generation is growing up, looking for experiences in travel, always rate super highly on what people want to do. So the demand, I believe, will be there.
And so then what happens in the supply side, especially in the midst of this pandemic? Certainly, we feel for all of these hotels out there that are going through an incredibly rough patch. And unfortunately, one can guess that a number are going to be recapitalized in one form or another. But if you believe my prediction that the demand will be returning within a couple of years at least, then you have the same need for accommodations. And so the hotels may come under a different flag or maybe reborn under different ownership in general, but they're there. And perhaps more will join chains, perhaps the reverse. That's a bit tough for me to read right now.
On the attraction side of things, one of the other big suppliers that we care about, yes, again super tough time and there may be a thinning out. That would be unfortunate from our perspective. But where there's a need and where that demand will grow, those tour providers will quickly come back into business. And many of those are not highly capital intensive, so they can spring back.
Restaurants, again, some closures, some reopenings as demand emerges. But the big, super big macro level, you already have such a consolidation amongst the big OTAs that there's kind of not much further that, that can go, in my opinion at least. So it's not clear that there's going to be tectonic shifts in the travel space that we will look back in 3 or 5 years and say, wow, look what this pandemic caused in terms of the big supply -- the big suppliers and the big intermediaries being consolidated. But again, just my two cents.

Thanks, Tom. Good question. I'd say when looking at how I expect hotel chains and OTAs to play in our metasearch environment or any metasearch environment, I'm simply going off of prior downturns. And the basic economics that say the individual hotels are going to be very hungry for demand because they'll be operating, and there's a huge difference to them, whether they're operating at a 40% occupancy or a 60% occupancy. And so they will naturally turn to us as well as the OTAs to help fill the rooms. And as they are willing to pay more in a marketing way, that ends up coming back directly to us or through the OTA channel. If they're making more money then they're willing to spend more on various channels. More succinctly, I'm drawing on past experience in this case. Demand hasn't really brought back -- hasn't really come back yet in a way that allows me to have evidence to prove it one way or the other. But I certainly think it's a very reasonable thesis based upon history.
To the second question on rentals, we know rentals, alternative accommodations are clearly an important choice for consumers to have. We believe in maintaining that choice on our platform. It's all about helping guide the travelers on their considered trip. And in many, many cases, having an entire home is better than a couple of rooms in a hotel. So I don't think our views have changed at this point, certainly not with respect to the pandemic. There's an argument that says alternative accommodations come back a little quicker than hotels, but probably on the margin, and I'm not even sure that I personally buy into that. I find anecdotally different opinions depending on different demographics I speak with.

Yes. Great comment, great observation. We certainly agree with it. And our research would say and all the research I've seen says a domestic trip is going to be much more common than before. That's great with us. We have all the content we need in every country to help folks have a great local trip. So on the TripAdvisor home page, if you're coming from a U.S. IP, you're going to see -- fewer times will you be seeing Paris and Bangkok. And much more often, it might be an Austin or a San Francisco. So we just think it's easy for us to market destinations that we already cover very, very well to more of a -- with more of a local audience. And initially, it will be drive trips, but I think the big delineation is just going to be domestic versus international.
And if you were thinking about going -- you're sitting in Boston, and you were thinking of going to Paris for the summer, it's a considered trip. And you're going to be just as interested, in my opinion, about taking that considered trip somewhere else in the U.S. And so whether it's a drive or a flight, it's going to be -- you need the best place to stay. You need advice from your community. You need memorable things to do and wonderful restaurants to eat at. And we'll have all of that. We already have all of that information, and we hope to be one of, if not, the most accurate source for wonderful things to do in each of the countries in which we serve.

Thanks. I'll start and let Ernst toss in some comments. I think it certainly will be different. Past downturns have been very economically forecast so -- or economically impactful, meaning there was always a class of individuals who could afford to travel and would happily go anywhere. It was just economically impaired. Whereas here, even though in this pandemic, even those with the ability to take the trip are not going on the trip anywhere at the moment and when the restrictions ease up, will likely much more stay domestic.
It's going to be a little hard to fathom how travel completely returns to normal until there's a vaccine or months of no new cases taking hold. And so we all think or many of us think that, that's quite a ways out. So what the airlines and hotels and travel suppliers are doing to make people comfortable traveling and the information that we can provide, of course, helps bring it back. But our forecast, we think, would be quite different were it, and I say this painfully, were it merely a recession versus something that causes people meaningful health concerns when traveling. Ernst, I don't know if you want to add.

This is Steve, my thoughts. Yes, we noted what they were doing with shopping. I think the competitive dynamics are pretty different in the shopping category versus travel. So look, when Google makes a change or Google offers a new product, we certainly happily look at it and see if it fits our business needs. But I'm not spending a lot of time sort of guessing about whether or something like that is coming into the travel category.

Thanks, James. So I think we did, a year back, look at our China offering and said, "We're not going to be able to do this alone." So we put it into the JV, which does effectively take it off of our books. And to the extent as the junior JV partner, Ctrip or Trip.com, can use all of our content information to help Chinese travelers, that's clearly a win for us, and it's clearly a win for Trip.com. So kind of on my checklist, that's a great, done, already achieved the streamlining that I think you're alluding to.
For rentals, it's still an evolution. We want the alternative accommodations to be part of the experience that TripAdvisor offers. We have our own rental supply augmented by some other partners. And so how can we further both improve the supply on our site and knowing that we're not going to be the king in the supply area, is there a better way that we can deal with that part of our business? We also did announce that our SmarterTravel business is being -- some of the brands folded into -- to TripAdvisor, and we're looking to see whether there are some other better homes for some of those brands that we had acquired many, many years ago.
So the streamlining and the portfolio review did happen. It's obviously ongoing, so that we're enabled -- so that we are able to really focus on what we expect and what we would hope would be the big wins in the next 3- to 5-year time frame.

So you raised 2 things. Certainly, online, more experience providers coming online. I think a number are doing that. We have a business unit called Bokun, which is dedicated to exactly that, and they continue to sell in the marketplace. It's combined with the channel on both Viator and TripAdvisor for when people are ready to do those experiences again that we can help steer them to it. So I think that's a natural. We already have a lot of supply on our Viator platform. So well, I think that's a long-term secular benefit to us. I don't think it's a particular needle mover over the next year.
And then on the confidence to travel, I don't view it as an additional business model, but more the folks who are coming to TripAdvisor because they're exploring, they're thinking about the trip. The more we can provide information to make that traveler feel comfortable, where appropriate, that they can travel safely and stay safely and eat safely. That's going to help conversion rate, and they're already on our site. So they convert by booking that experience or booking that hotel on our site or booking that hotel by clicking off to a Booking or an Expedia or Marriott or a Hilton, we're indifferent. But because of that raised confidence, we've helped the conversion, and that benefits us.

Thanks, Brian. Two good questions. The first one, unfortunately, I don't have much insight in terms of alternative accommodations versus hotels and user preferences. We've thought about it. We see it both ways, but our traffic isn't such that it's insightful at this point in time.
To restaurants, I -- yes. There's -- as restaurants open up and they need to reconfigure their tables, especially in Europe where the restaurants are, in fact, smaller, TheFork can play quite a useful role from a traveler perspective to make sure there's room there. You don't want to venture out, and then sure enough, there's no room at the restaurant. But also from the restaurant management perspective, to help educate the restaurateurs that maybe it's time, especially in Europe, to shift to 2 seatings, 6 p.m. and an 8 p.m. in Europe, an 8 p.m. and 10 p.m. dining opportunity. And the reservation management system helps one do that, combined with the online capabilities.
I don't want to imply that this could be a big driver for LaFourchette because the whole restaurant industry is hurting. But I think as dining goes back, more new habits are going to be formed, including making sure I can get a table when I venture out and TheFork does that beautifully. So I think it -- with big changes comes opportunities. And I think TheFork, certainly throughout Europe, is going to be able to leverage this to help restaurants and travelers even more than before.

Thanks, Heath. Great question. You bet, we've been thinking hard about this. Frankly, not so much from the perspective of instant booking, though it may have a role, but really more from a reinventing the experience of a traveler coming to TripAdvisor to plan that important trip. And historically, because we were so successful in so many categories and we were growing, we opted for speed. And we opted for focusing on conversion around our hotel shopping or experience shopping. We were growing our inventory, all wide range of things that made a lot of sense and grew the company quite nicely over the past couple of decades.
This is an opportunity we have and are taking right now to reimagine the consumer experience around that considered trip, around the planning aspect where a consumer, a traveler isn't just looking for a hotel or isn't just looking for something to do. They're looking to have an amazing time visiting Philadelphia or San Francisco, wherever the trip is going, and how can we, internally, and this is product. This is tech. This is sharing information. This is great data access. This is treating the traveler throughout their life cycle when they're first discovering a location, all the way through collecting the 5 or 6 things they want to do when they get there and having an amazing itinerary so that they -- so that we're not a stop along the way for planning a trip, but we're the travel hub where someone is starting, however they found us, but with so much wonderful functionality designed around completing that entire trip that they keep coming back and back.
And to be fair, that's coming at the expense of some of the other things that we had been doing for a couple of decades in terms of making the hotel shopping path as smooth and frictionless as possible or making sure we had all the perfect payment types in all the different markets that we were supporting.
So to your question, we are taking this opportunity where our -- or the fundamentals of the revenue of our business is dependent upon traffic coming back. And we're not able to influence that a lot to really rebuild from much more foundational perspective how we want the traveler to experience trip planning on TripAdvisor, so that as we emerge, trips are planned, are bigger, are more complete, the users returning to TripAdvisor many more times. And at the end of the day, our total unique users per month might go down, but the repeat rate goes way up because we've found the set of audience that is entirely -- that loves being dependent upon TripAdvisor for the whole experience versus using us for a point task. And that's not a 1-quarter or a 2-quarter journey. But that is, I'd say, the biggest way that we think this pandemic will contribute to reinventing TripAdvisor.

Thank you, everyone, for joining the call. We are navigating tough times, and we've had to bid farewell to a number of exceptional employees. On behalf of the TripAdvisor family, I want to extend a heartfelt thank you to these colleagues for their passion and their service. And to my current teammates at TripAdvisor, you're doing an amazing job. I'm very proud of how you've all stepped up to help our business partners in the industry and with the site updates that we've already launched and we'll soon launch to help the billions of travelers who trust us to safely guide them on their next journey.
The near term remains unpredictable. But time and time again, we have seen the hospitality industry recover and thrive. Concerted actions have solidified our financial position and will help us to emerge a more focused business on the other side. We will continue executing our strategy and ensure TripAdvisor plays an influential role with consumers and partners worldwide in the recovery and beyond. So thanks, everyone, and please stay safe.