Thank you, Angela, and good morning, everyone. 
We just finished our fiscal year, and I'm pleased with our rate of recovery. Thinking back to this time last year, things were still very uncertain. Vaccines were not available. In many parts of the world, we're still in lockdown. We've come a long way. And as 2021 progressed, we saw our tourism industry begin its transition out of the pandemic, and our results followed.  
Across our segments, we exited the year in a much stronger position. Throughout the year, we remain focused on our partners, customers and travelers. We continue to launch new products and improve the user experience for our travelers. And just a few weeks ago, we hit a tremendous milestone of 1 billion reviews and opinions. Now all of this is a testament to our terrific teams across the globe and the brand that we've built, the foundation of which is the trust and engagement from our travelers.
As we laid out in the shareholder letter, we believe that across our businesses we are well positioned to execute our plans for 2022. We provided updates on our key segments and areas of focus as we start the new year. I hope you've had a chance to read through that. One update that I did not provide in the shareholder letter was on the CEO transition. I can share that the Board continues to search for my successor, and we will keep you updated as the journey continues. In the meantime, I remain fully engaged and focused on driving business results, innovation, our employees and our customers.
So with that, I'll turn it over to Ernst before we take your questions.

Sure. This is Steve. I'll take this, Richard. We have seen and can echo some of the comments that Omicron does seem to have eased off January. I mean, December and January were pretty tough in the travel industry. I think everyone has seen that, and that's caused a material issue for what we would have hoped for in Q1.
We're reluctant to make many forward-looking statements based upon days or a week or 2 of data, but we're certainly encouraged, but we -- by what we see if we look in the very recent past.

And Jed, I'll take the PLUS question. So it's still pretty early days for us to get a good handle on kind of churn in redemption. And you have to remember, we weren't fully rolled out this time last year, nor would I counsel us -- or I do not read a lot into churn on the very first set of customers, the early adopters or the other-industry folks who might sign up to try something.  
I would add that we don't view ourselves as having been dependent in our early set of customers on the discounts. We did try discounting the $99 price in a variety of different matters. But I wouldn't -- I mean, a perfectly fair question, but I wouldn't particularly worry that the discount level would be a major factor in churn versus usage over the course of the year.

This is Steve. I -- I'd say, as you're probably aware, there continued to be a set of changes. Google continues to push pretty much everyone else further down in the organic list, but I can't cite any big moves over the past quarter.

Sure. Thanks for the question. So I -- when I talk about kind of PLUS not quite meeting our expectations, we did believe, with the traffic and the brand trust and the number of folks that were looking to plan their vacation on TripAdvisor, that a travel subscription would resonate faster than 2021 has shown.  
Yes, we had some supply challenges, but we did some changes. And as you look on the site, you can see some pretty nice discounts across the board at -- in the markets that were rolled out. 
I'd say the biggest learning for us, and as we say, we're still hugely invested in making a travel subscription product work. But we have to recognize that, at this point, we haven't found the product-market fit that we're looking for. So as you point out, we do our customer surveys, our focus groups. 
One of the things that I can share is that as we get people down the purchase path for a hotel with the big savings, the decision to -- actually, customers are telling us, the decision to make this big hotel purchase, while at the same time, signing up for a double subscription service is, perhaps, a bit more of a load than that customer is ready to decide. And that makes some intuitive sense.
If you have a big choice, "Where am I going to stay for my vacation? It's an expensive purchase." And yes, they're saving real money, but it's not just whether to buy a travel subscription. It's whether this hotel is the right one for you.
And so some of the things that we've been trying have been presenting the opportunity to buy a travel subscription at different points. And I think it's fair to say we have quite a few other things in the hopper that we look to as we respond to this customer feedback that we've gotten, where we look to find different ways to present the value proposition in a way that consumers will say, yes, at a higher volume.
So the 2021 learnings is that we were too optimistic in the consumer uptake. And we tried to share that in the shareholder letter with you. But that we're still very excited about the prospects of a travel subscription based upon all of the trust and traffic and capabilities that TripAdvisor has to offer.

No, I don't think there's been any change in the job description. The Board, obviously, for very good and appropriate reasons, wants to be thorough in their evaluation. And I've given them the ability to be thorough with my time frame of -- look, finding the ideal successor and then it could be a very smooth transition. So I wouldn't read anything into the lack of a candidate yet. The search hasn't been going on for that long. And no, the criteria still is -- it's a fantastic company with a tremendous brand and someone with e-commerce, travel, all the things you mentioned, would be perfect.

Sure. So obviously, clearly, we're very proud of the billing reviews and opinions, the testament to everyone coming back, a reminder of the power of the network effects in our industry. I believe the Kayak relationships you're talking about is our Cruise Critic subsidiary powering the kayak cruise tabs. 
And what a great way for Kayak to be able to expose Cruise to their users and for our Cruise Critic company or sub to be able to gain access to that -- to those additional customers when they might just be thinking about, hey, how much does it cost to get to Miami to take my cruise? And here, Kayak can offer more cruise information and Cruise Critic powers it. So Kayak is a very strong company, a lot of traffic, perfectly good notion of why these are powerful together. I'm not sure I would read too much more into that to the rest of the TripAdvisor.

Yes. I think the additional disclosure that we gave in our shareholder letter, which we believe will be helpful, is that we split out our fixed cost and variable cost by segment. And this allows for better modeling for you, analysts and investors, and allows us to talk about the different trends, what we see in different segments, because that's clearly what we're seeing. 
Of the $240 million of fixed cost improvements, we've highlighted that within HM&P that was -- about $100 million of that was in HM&P. And we're adding some back, but it's very modest, with inflationary pressure, a bit of hiring sales force, et cetera, but it's very modest. And so those savings, by and large, are very sticky. 
We've also highlighted in the shareholder letter that about $90 million of costs came out in our E&D segment. And there, we want to reinvest. And we think the majority of that $90 million is going to be reinvested this year into product development, technology development, capability of our supply organizations and all for driving revenue in the year, but more importantly, positioning us well for the years to come. 
In other, the remaining fixed cost came out in sort of other. There, we're making very minimal cost increases. And so those savings are very sticky as well. I hope that's helpful.

Yes. So we're bullish about 2022. We obviously started in January with the impact from Omicron. But we expect to see a continuation to the path to return to relatively normal travel levels, which started in 2021 and we expect to continue in 2022. 
And we assume a progressive return to pre-pandemic levels of the leisure travel market. And we expect to be there at some point this year, without putting a finer point on it. So as a result, as we look -- as a result of that statement, as we look at our own business, you would expect that our revenue recovery would follow a similar pattern throughout the year. And our EBITDA, as we highlighted, will be -- particularly, will be second half-weighted in the full year.

All right. Well, thank you, everyone, and thank you to our teams around the world who are working tirelessly to help our fellow with travelers, our hospitality partners and everyone to navigate and find the bright spots through these still uncertain periods. 
As Ernst just mentioned, we've seen some nice signs in February, but that's relatively recent. We expect things to be coming back over the course of the year and to reiterate, a nice recovery over the course of 2022. We remain optimistic about the industry, the resilience we've seen so far and the booms that we expect over the course of the year. 
We thank you very much, and wish you a good day.