Thank you, Will, and good morning, everyone. To summarize our prepared remarks from last night, in the second quarter and first half of 2019, we drove strong consolidated profit growth, grew Hotels, Media & Platform segment profit and expanded profit margins and delivered rapid Experiences & Dining segment growth in bookings, supply and revenue. First half results keep us on track to deliver double-digit consolidated adjusted EBITDA growth this year, and we're pleased with our 2019 progress towards our revenue growth objectives.
TripAdvisor remains the world's largest travel community. We have a powerful global offering built on people-powered information in a trusted brand. We help consumers discover, explore and experience their world in unique and compelling ways.
This year, we are operating with enhanced customer focus, and we are executing well on a number of initiatives to deepen our customer engagement, grow and serve our members, and deliver travelers a more holistic and seamless travel experience. We're also laying the foundation for a world-class media business to enable partners to capture more value on our platform, which can enable us to further monetize our significant travel influence.
We'll now open up the call for questions.

Sure. Thanks for the question. This is Steve. We first kind of want to remember more than 400 million unique users, and they're almost all on our site looking for a place to go, looking for a place to stay, looking for a thing to do, a place to eat. That's an incredible amount of influence across the travel ecosystem. And as you know, we've monetized through a couple different vehicles so far in our history, but we really don't feel we've tapped into the opportunity to better understand who these folks are so that we can segment them and offer visibility to these users across all of our endemic clients as well as nonendemic clients. 
So you've noticed a couple of different ad units. That's great. You'll see more custom pieces throughout the site. You'll see more native integrated pieces. The feed will be part of that, but I wouldn't say it would be -- I wouldn't guess -- as we implement new products, I wouldn't guess that it would be a majority of the new pieces. We're going where we find consumers are at a decision point.
Where can we inspire them -- or where can we help our clients inspire them to go to that location? And then how can we help select the right hotel, the right thing to do for them? All that comes down to new video units, better programmatic capabilities or our clients can buy easier on our platform, more ad units across all of our devices and, in general, a better targeting ad tech stack that we're already in the process of assembling. 
So this is new people, relatively new effort. I should say we have a very nice display and media business, but it's a nice opportunity for us to dramatically grow that using kind of latest technology where we hadn't invested as much before. Compared to some of our peers with our audience size, we see it relatively -- well, we see what we believe to be a fantastic opportunity for doubling this part of our business in the next 3 to 5 years.

And then this is Steve. To add on, when you look at the actual, what's going on, on TripAdvisor, there is -- we think we're doing a much better job helping our travelers find the things that they really want to book in advance before they go. We feel there's a lot more headroom there. We're improving our, what we call, our Trips functionality so you can start building more of a trip together. That needs to include and will include abilities to book [indiscernible] tours, those magical moments that are part of the vacation that Trip has. Whether they be things sold on the platform or just the wonderful advice that you can get, it's really that full package that consider Trip that allows us to shine so well, and Experiences is a vital part of that.

Mike, thanks for the question. This is Steve. The focus -- the way we look at the overall experiences market is that it's really in the beginning. The demand is huge. This is a huge new category coming online. We got in really early. We have a number of other players that are also in the space. But the vast, vast majority of everything going on is still off-line, off-line in the pretrip phase, off-line in destination, as in someone walks up and buys something. We truly believe all of that or a huge portion of that will migrate online, and some of it will migrate online to our app, others for prepurchase or pretrip activities.
We're doing our best to invest in all the different areas we need in order to capture more than our fair share of the marketplace. We fully expect all of our competitors to be on the same game plan, and the beauty is there's plenty of opportunity for there to be multiple winners in this category. We think our phenomenal traffic advantage gives us a great opportunity to do extremely well. So between traffic, between supply, between the frictionless booking platform we have now, it all works.
To your second question on margin profile for the business, we're not going to be too specific, but we do believe that the margins in this category do end up looking like hotel margins have evolved to. And so we feel it's a very natural opportunity for our marketplace to consolidate the supply. And we already have huge portion of the demand, and that makes for a great business with a ton of network effects.

Sure. Thanks, Naved. This is Steve. I'll take the first SEO-related question. And let's start with the context then, of course, we get a lot of SEO traffic across all of our business units. And it's a great way for travelers to discover TripAdvisor and in everything we do. There is an effect of Google and other search engines moving more and more into the travel space, and that's a bit of the Hotel headwind we called out. Of course, it hits all of our business units, but we continue to look at the overall positive of how this traffic finds us, how we're able to educate them on TripAdvisor. And then at some point, if you want, we can go into the rest of the initiatives that we're doing to otherwise drive long-term loyal behavior of our customer base.

Sure. This is Steve. Thanks for the question. When we look at membership, we look at the ability to sign somebody up, have them use our app, have them invest a bit in the platform. That might be writing a review. It might be saving a couple of things to a trip that they want to take. We then take that information, customize our CRM and our push notifications to make it highly relevant to what the customer is looking for and then encourage them to return to the site to either finish the booking process they were in the middle of or explore another adjacent activity. You can imagine when there's someone starting on a flight or a hotel, it's a great opportunity to add a thing to do, an attraction, a private tour. There's wonderful up-sell opportunities that we'll have going down the road.
The job one for us that we've been working on is making sure the messages that we're sending to people are highly relevant. We want to make sure that when they come to the site, we know more about them than just their name and IP address so that we can give great recommendations. That all drives a wonderful value proposition for members. And you combine that with our activity of soliciting membership more, and you can -- and what we're happy to share is we've seen the past 4 quarters have been consecutive growth in our membership numbers, the growth, the year-on-year growth of how many new members we had each quarter. And we're on a tear for the rest of the year. That's just one indication of how we get from the 400 million monthly you use to a more meaningful set of members who are coming back using us or letting us help them in all of their trips. That's also one aspect of how the demand question gets framed a year from now because we'll have a much more direct relationship with so many more members going forward.

Look, we already covered some of the demand trends. And then I talked about how membership -- I didn't talk much about app download, but that'll be another aspect that we're working on and have seen some nice results in order to move this demand to be more in our control.
If you're referring to kind of overall travel demand in the industry, we see a number of different kind of signals out there when we look -- when we listen to other companies' comments. There's a little confusion out there, but we're seeing a reasonably good travel environment at the moment. So in our prepared remarks, we're not commenting -- or we're not calling out anything particularly unique in travel that's causing a big plus or a big minus for us. So we're happy with the overall environment, and we're executing according -- we think, well on our journey.

Sure. Thanks, Justin. Love the questions. So we're fortunate enough to have resources internally on the tech side that we were able to shift over. It includes some licensing and some buys not builds. But I wouldn't phrase it as a big multiyear lift to do this because we already have $150 million-plus business built on a level of targeting, and we just need to extend it, make it easier for clients to buy programmatic and then build some additional ad units, particularly video, fast-growing area where we just don't have the product offering. So I would say small tech lift there.
On the sales force side, we're already very global. Of course, we need to add some more folks as we reach into different sets of clients that haven't historically been advertising on our site but love the demographic that we represent. So we're probably pretty well covered in endemic but feel like there's a lot of opportunity outside of travel with audience targeting as evidenced by the many other companies out there that do it pretty well.
We are obviously pretty good at taking advantage of the vertical nature of our categories, and we move then to that transaction as we go. But of all the people that go to TripAdvisor, so many are purely in the research mode, and they just are not ready to buy anything. That's a beautiful aspect of our site being a funnel from many others.
So for the folks that aren't ready to buy, how do we monetize the ability to influence in one direction or another? And that's not a click off to an OTA. That's not a transaction of a private tour. That's a media opportunity to help educate a consumer on all the different stuff that they really should do. So we have a ton of influence in the category. We have a ton of traffic that is looking for something around their trip. And the more information we can get about who those folks are, the better we can do for overall general targeting. I hope that was helpful.

Thanks for the question. I'd say that I can't really share the details of the brand messaging in part because it's evolving, and in part, we're not ready to launch at this point. But I can tell you, it will be most likely be focused on aspects that are relatively unique to the TripAdvisor value proposition versus what the other set of travel players can provide. We have done a lot of research on our travelers, the awareness we have in different markets and the irreplaceable value that we provide to so many travelers. So the brand campaign, we expect, will highlight that, delivered in unique and compelling ways across a wide variety of media.

No, that would be far too early. What we have going for next year is -- and I want to back up. I wouldn't phrase it as just a television effort because we really do believe that there's a host of different media opportunities available for us. And as the branding rolls out later in the year and the advertising begins probably closer to next year, maybe that will help set your expectations.

Sure. So back up. We actually grew SEO traffic in 2018, though as I've mentioned many times, it is getting a lot harder due to Google pushing their own products. And by the way, we think it's entirely appropriate for regulators to be looking into this practice, but frankly, we're focused on what we can do about it.
This past quarter, they did a few things on the hotel front which hurt a bit more than usual, but we've been working on a handful of initiatives, some of which we've already covered to counter that for a while. So as we pointed out in the prepared remarks, member growth, app usage, building a stronger direct relationship with the travelers, new branding campaign, these are the sorts of things that we look to drive that deep consumer relationship that, while we love the Google traffic, while we love all search engine and all social traffic as well, we're looking -- we've been implementing and have more on the horizon initiatives that enable us to own the relationship in a tighter way.

Yes. And so for the media growth opportunity, as I've mentioned, new video ad units, better programmatic access to specific audience, us understanding our own data in conjunction with other data, which I'll just call it more enhanced segmentation allowing advertisers to buy the specific audience that they want, and some of this -- or I might argue, most of this is not actually rocket science. It's just an area that we have not invested in, in the past.
And so with the new level of focus, we've already seen some modest results, already rolled out couple of additional products. We mentioned there's some other ad products that are in beta now, be able to sponsor a location or sponsor the discovery of a location. And there are just a lot of both untapped media dialers in travel or endemic category and then a wide-open opportunity. Of course, we have competition with that opportunity, but we have a ton of first-party data unique to our massive audience at a global scale. And that makes us a particularly nice, compelling ad buy for quite a few folks looking for an extremely brand-safe environment.

We've seen our growth rates decelerate over the years, but I've kind of been talking about this for quite a while as Google continues to move into travel. The notion comes back to, with this trend that's been going on for several years, how we take control of that customer -- control is perhaps a bad word -- how we help that customer and encourage the relationships so that they continually come back to us.
And with our growth in membership becomes, as we mentioned in our published remarks, the improved repeat rate, the improved monetization and the improved loyalty to TripAdvisor. And so we're particularly excited about the growth in our membership numbers. You should expect more from us in that store, and that helps address a number of the other concerns around the biz.

Thanks for the question. It's hard for us to know that because we're blessed with so much traffic in so many of our points of sale, and our pure branding campaigns tend to be in our larger markets. It's a little hard to -- we know we are getting some additional audience, but the purpose of the campaign was really to drive different behavior of the people who already knew us. And so we've seen consistent improvement in conversion on our things-to-do section on TripAdvisor. Some of that is going to be the brand campaign. Some of that is going to be converted on the site, better implementations, better supply. Teasing out the difference is hard, but we know the brand campaigns have been helping on the TripAdvisor point of sale.

Great. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining on the call. 
In closing, I want to thank our global travel community because you make the TripAdvisor site better every day, and we will work tirelessly to deliver you great products to help you experience the world. I also want to thank our partners. We will continue to deliver offerings that enable you to drive your business. And finally, I want to thank all of the TripAdvisor media group employees around the world. We have a lot of exciting work ahead. And I look forward to updating everyone next quarter. Thank you.