Thank you, Will, and good morning, everyone. To summarize our prepared remarks from last night, Q1 results were in line with our expectations. We remain on track to deliver double-digit consolidated adjusted EBITDA growth this year, and we're leveraging our unique assets and investing in several key areas to drive long-term profitable growth.
And with that, now let's open up the call for questions.

Thanks, Lloyd. This is Steve to answer the question. The whole TripAdvisor platform is an incredibly powerful vehicle for both travel advertisers as well as others that are looking at the demographics of our users, because it's a very safe environment, it's exciting. People aren't like in the midst of purchasing a route, they're exploring travel. And so if you are a travel provider, be it a destination marketing organization or a hotel or an airline, it's sort of a fantastic environment. As we alluded to in the remarks, we're investing more resources, more senior-level resources, in doing some changes internally to better take advantage of this. It's pulled into that Hotels, Media & Platform segment. And so we do expect this year to be laying a bunch of the groundwork pieces to drive growth next year in that display. And I'm sure we'll see some of it come to fruition this year.
To the question of how tied is it to the new TripAdvisor release that we had. I -- certainly, we will have ad units at some point in that release, but the success of a growing media business is in no way tied to usage of that piece of the ecosystem. We have hundreds of millions, billions of users and page views across the whole platform. We haven't done nearly as good a job as we could at segmenting that audience into the different demographics that different media partners wish to target. We've done some nice improvements this past year in terms of our home page ad unit, done some growing capabilities with our dynamic ads, so hoteliers can feature the actual ratings of their hotels in the ad units that are on TripAdvisor, but we feel we're still sort of scratching the surface.
To the question of the more strength in this segment in the second half. We do feel that between lapping, as Ernst said, lapping the marketing pullback in the back half plus the currency, plus the growth in the media space and the other good stuff that we're doing in the auction, that we'll be able to see growth -- revenue growth as we tail off the year and as we enter 2020. So we wouldn't set expectations that you'd see the kind of growth we're seeing in Dining & Experiences, but we feel like with the revenue growth in 2020 for the Hotels, Media & Platform segment, we'd be able to continue to grow profits off that as well.

This is Steve. I'll take the traffic acquisition one. So we continue to believe in TV and off-line branding as a great way to both build the value proposition, educate our travelers on all the different capabilities that we have on the site. And what we've seen as we've moved some more of our TV advertising towards the attraction booking and attraction value proposition is that we're still driving shoppers to TripAdvisor who, as they're planning the trip, are also interested in that hotel. So it does have a really nice halo effect across all parts of our business as we pull people back to the site. We'll continue doing that for the sort of foreseeable future. We'll be expanding different creative campaigns in different markets, as every company does.
To the pay channels, clearly, it's been a big pullback in the hotel, platform and media space to maximize the profits that we can do, but we will continue to spend and grow or shrink that channel according to the economics that it drives. We're always happy to identify new pay channels, and where they work, spend against them. We're a bit more focused right now on improving conversion on the site, establishing or creating more reasons to join TripAdvisor, having more apps downloaded, the things that engage our traveler audience so that they become much more loyal to TripAdvisor, and so we're not in a position of always having to buy back this chunk of users. I don't think there's any new news there. But when we look at the overall growth, I don't pay close attention to the total new views on the platform because, for goodness sake, we're close to 0.5 billion a month already. It's really a question of how engaged can we make those users, how top of funnel can we monetize through display advertising and things like that and how can we pull them through the funnel to plan their whole trip. And so audience is big enough. Our opportunity is to do a better job monetizing the traffic that we have.

Great set of questions. No surprise we're super excited about the opportunity in the restaurants and experiences because it is part of the trip and because it is so untapped by the major players, frankly, including us. And so we look at it as do you have enough supply to address all of that demand, and that's kind of a heavy lift when you do that globally. And of course, we're very proud of our position in supply. We're even more proud of our position in the demand funnel because of truly the number of attraction shoppers that are visiting a TripAdvisor and a Viator point-of-sale all around the globe. We have that marriage, which makes it a great combination and I think delivers that leadership in our space. But because the space is so appealing, because the TAM is so large, because it's one of the last uncracked areas in the travel ecosystem, of course, it's attracted bunch of attention, not only from the big OTAs but the smaller and now well-funded competitors that have sprung up around the globe. So competition is great for consumers. It keeps us on our toes, certainly. Our challenge is to leverage the leading position we have in supply in most parts of the world, double down on that, on the demand, make the connection. And that's, frankly, one of the reasons why you see us kind of reinvesting in the Experiences & Dining category right now and being willing to put our dollars where the talk is, and fortunate we have so many other strong parts of the business right now that we're able to afford it without taking an overall TripAdvisor media group hit to EBITDA.
So the competitors are strong, and we feel the combination of our existing demand footprint, which is nearly impossible to replicate, plus the supply position we have, certainly gives us a pole position and gives us a lot of confidence to be able to earn more than our fair share of that super-exciting part of the space.
To the second question, alternative accommodations. Yes, we certainly see the moves that Airbnb is moving towards. We like having multiple different places that one could go purchase any type of lodging. We're growing our alternative lodging on TripAdvisor. And of course, the more choice we have, the better. The more partners we have to fulfill the booking for that choice, the better for us. So we think net-net, it's not likely to be near term material to us, but long term, we like the trend.

Certainly. Yes -- again, this is Steve, Dae Lee. On the membership and loyalty, because we have such a nice position in both flight and Hotel and Experiences & Dining, and of course, we have some other pieces as well, it's a very straightforward move for us to be able to take a flight shopper and say, "Hey, how about a hotel and experience;" a hotel shopper, "How about an experience and a place to eat;" an experience shopper, "Hey, plan the whole trip with us." We have this great functionality on the site called Trips, which allows you to pull together all the different things that you'd like to do, including the tours you want to take, the attractions you want to visit, the hotels you want to stay at. And how do we build that up, so more users are aware of it? Well, most of that requires an understanding of the capabilities we have, plus, well, it's a membership because you're signing in, in order to use that functionality to take it with you in destination, in our app. And so we view those as powerful consumer value propositions that will help, in fact, drive engagement, drive loyalty. And because you have our app or because you're signed in, we're able to essentially bring new offers to you, remind you of additional things that you might want to book before you get there because they sell out, all sorts of kind of value adds for consumers that because you remember TripAdvisor, you can now receive.

And this is Steve. On the display growth, again, as I alluded to earlier, we think we're in a pretty good position here. We've added more inventory on mobile. There's been no degradation that we can detect from the consumer experience. We've added new units. We have the travel feed, which has new ad capabilities to it. You can expect with the new leadership in place that the additional internal focus will yield new sets of clients that will want to take advantage of our safe inventory. Again, the sheer size, the breadth, the reach, our ability to expand into other programmatic channels, we just think that there's a reasonable amount, when you look at how much we currently monetize in our display business per new view that we have, that is untapped.
I share the perspective that we're trying to do it in a pretty customized way because we also have shoppers that are down funnel, all the way down perhaps in the midst of booking an attraction, who are about to click off to a hotel partner, and there's no way that we would want to display ad to interfere with that. But remember, the total amount of traffic that we have to the site and the fact that the majority is, what we'll call, a funnel, they're just not ready to engage in a transaction activity at this point. So offering a CPM or display or, in the case of hotels and restaurants, Sponsored Placements, these are great new media formats that enable us to monetize, what we call, this up-funnel traveler or diner. And so we just feel like there's a lot of growth there, putting some internal muscle behind it. And over the course of '20 and '21, you would expect this -- we would expect to see some nice growth in that -- from that area.

Thanks, Mark, for the question. I'll take the first one. Alternative accommodations. We do currently source your own supply. It's not a massive team that's calling up individual homeowners, but a more programmatic approach, reaching out and staying connected with the major vacation rental property management systems so that we can have the quick-booking capability, the transaction capabilities. And again, there's a lot of that alternative accommodation. Over the past quarter, we also brought a number of -- over 100,000 properties that aren't traditional hotels. We brought them on to our system through partnerships with our OTA clients, where they had the inventory on their systems, it wasn't a traditional vacation rental, but it wasn't a traditional hotel. Ergo, it was another type of alternative accommodation. And because we want to have choice on our platform, we brought that in. And so the short answer is: We continue to have our own supply team. It's not a major focus for the company, but we do have hundreds of thousands of properties contracted directly with us, again, mostly through aggregators. And then we reach out to other partners to bring on any inventory that we have reason to believe are interested to our clients, and we prefer to partner for those kind of next big leaps.

And on the display ads. You can appreciate how a number of the initiatives that we have underway have some -- both sales cycles and build cycles. And so some of the leadership I refer to has literally just started in the past few weeks, and so I caution against any expectations around near-term jumps. But when we've analyzed the big opportunity in front of us, how much we monetize the traffic that's not in the transactional path, we feel like there is meaningful growth there, but we have to lay a fair amount of building blocks, IRM budgets that are generally set in Q3, Q4 for the following year. So it's, again -- I'd phrase it as a nice growth vehicle for us, but you'll see more of the impact in 2020.

Sure. Thanks, Heath, for the questions. I mean, as you know, we don't comment a whole lot on free traffic in general. Certainly, Google and other search engines continue to push their own offerings high in the search results. We're very used to that. It's unfortunate, but it's been a headwind to the business for a long time. Through membership, through having more and better content, through the fact that we have so many different products, we would hope to continue to grow our overall free traffic as opposed to conversely becoming more and more dependent upon paid traffic. That's the goal for us. It's for every other Internet company that exists, wants to bring more domain, more traffic under their control. So in the Hotel category, it remains a headwind for us, absolutely. In the overall TripAdvisor ecosystem, it's fine. It's not a particular headwind or tailwind at the moment. So you can infer it tends to grow in Non-Hotel categories and shrink in Hotel categories, as it has been for quite some time.
In terms of your second question, building a more direct relationship with hoteliers. We love having the supplier-direct, big chains and independents participate directly in our meta auction, purchase one or more of our products from our Hotel Solutions offering, our subscription listing, our Sponsored Placement. And by our sheer volume of engaged travelers looking to figure out where to stay, looking to figure out what they're going to do, we feel we're still an ideal marketing platform for everyone in the travel industry to help move that demand around. So it's hoteliers, it's attraction owners, it's restaurant owners and the ability to capture the eyeballs when they're in purchase mode, a pretty powerful capability for our platform. I'd say our relationships with the travel suppliers, the big chains, have continued to improve over time, not that there was anything wrong with them. But as they look to drive more domain-direct traffic to their sites, we're a safe, comfortable channel for them and one that can help tout why they are a great direct channel to book. So again, all's good there, and our strategies tend to align very nicely with the hotel chains.

James, yes, a real kudos to our Experiences sales unit. I'd say it's a real combination of reps targeting the accounts that I think we are best able to serve, the technology that's automated the onboarding process so that both existing suppliers and new ones can just add more of the products that they've been selling but hadn't bothered to list with us, and the automation to kind of get it all right. It's important I think to note that one of the reasons suppliers are so interested in bringing their products to TripAdvisor is that we already have so much demand on the TripAdvisor points-of-sale globally and the Viator points-of-sale in many parts of the world. So suppliers naturally -- for any category, naturally flock to the channels that they think can drive bookings. And so by making it easy, mostly on the tech side, and by delivering the bookings, that makes for a great combination. Other competitors might be able to work hard, build great tech and make it easy to add the products. It's unclear that they would have the demand footprint that we do, the very long-tail demand footprint of a cooking class in some random part of the world that, yes, TripAdvisor has just because we have close to 0.5 billion travelers on the site each month, et cetera. So that's the part that's probably really hard for anyone else to replicate and part of what makes our ability to grow supply as strong as it is. 
It's -- for us, it's a little bit more about improving the conversion on our site, matching the demand to the supply, making more customized, personalized recommendations, helping travelers buy 2 things on the trip instead of 1 as we look forward, rather than, "Hey, I need to have 400,000 products instead of 200,000 next year." So we're kind of turning inward to helping our travelers a little bit more now that we already have a pretty comprehensive supply footprint in, not all, but many parts of the world. So I guess I'm prefacing with the -- and if supply growth isn't doubling again next year, that is not really an issue for us. We look at the demand side and the matching side as the more interesting criteria.

In our big markets, I'd say most of the supply -- I don't want this to come off as too bullish, but I think a lot of the supply, the new supply kind of finds us in our big markets. And so we're focused more of our outreach in supply in our APAC markets and working with our suppliers to make sure we're getting the proper products, tour guides that speak all of the different languages that our audience is bringing, not just English, and that sort of thing. So again, I don't want to talk too much about how we've been successful at scaling the supply organization. The numbers speak for themselves nicely. But we're not pulling back by any stretch.

Well, great, thanks, everyone, for joining the call. I want to thank all of the TripAdvisor media group employees around the world for a really nice start to 2019. We're making great progress and have exciting growth opportunities ahead. I look forward to updating everyone on our progress next quarter. So thanks.