Thank you, Will, and good morning, everyone. Q3 was more difficult than we had anticipated, and this has somewhat dampened our outlook for the remainder of the year. However, we are taking action: First, we are focused on driving nonauction revenue growth and continue to make excellent early progress on a number of growth initiatives; second, we are evaluating our cost structure, and we'll prudently reduce and reallocate expenses in certain parts of our business to preserve strong profitability, while investing in strategic growth areas; and third, we are returning more capital to shareholders, including declaring a special dividend of $3.50 per share and increasing our existing share repurchase authorization to $250 million. 
In sum, we are allocating our resources and our capital prudently and have the flexibility, both now and in the future, to simultaneously invest in growth areas, fund opportunistic M&A and return cash to shareholders to drive long-term shareholder value. 
We are also very excited to have entered into a strategic partnership with Trip.com Group, an important step to further strengthen our position as a global travel leader. Now as many of you know, during the past 12 months, we focused on building the leadership team we need in order to execute against attractive long-term opportunity and welcome 2 talented and experienced leaders for our -- for this next stage in our company's growth. I'm very pleased to have Kanika Soni, our President of Hotels; and Lindsay Nelson, our President of Core Experience, join us today during Q&A to discuss these initiatives aimed at deepening customer engagement on our platform and monetizing TripAdvisor's influence. 
We'll now open up the call for questions.

Super. Thanks, Lloyd. This is Steve. I'll take the E&D one. We look back at the level of investment that we've applied to both Experiences & Dining over the past 4 or 5 years and say, it's been incredibly beneficial to the company. We moved into these huge categories that the TAM is wonderful, we've talked a lot about that. And we've invested quite heavily, I -- and we absolutely believe it was the right thing to do. We continue to invest in both of these areas. And so what we're really talking about is shifting some of that investment from the building of supply, and you guys can all see the fantastic results of that, to leveraging the demand that we already have, speaking specifically of Experiences, of course. TripAdvisor has hundreds of millions of travelers each and every month planning this considered trip and finding that great thing to do is part of that equation. And so with the supply, I'd say with a firm lead, with excellent connectivity, with a rebuild tech stack in many different parts, we can say, excellent job team internally, and now we can work on the demand side, converting the demand that's already on Trip, that's already on Viator, that's already flowing through our third parties into finding the right product for the right individual. It's a personalized recommendation. It's a frictionless consumer path. It's the right reminders in trip and preplanning all to help. So I -- when we look cost-wise, we see the opportunity to help move folks from essentially the back end, the supply piece, towards the conversion end to really help address the customer needs. 
I -- that's not unusual in terms of when one builds up a marketplace. You have to have enough supply in order to make the match. Now that we feel we do have enough supply in almost all parts of the world, it's our opportunity to make that demand match off of the traffic that, I like to remind people, we already have on our points of sale. For us, it's not really a question of figuring out how to go find the traffic. We have the hundreds of millions of visitors monthly already looking for something to do on a considered trip.

Maybe for the expanded ad units and those opportunities, I'll refer over to Lindsay.

Sure. Thanks, Naved. I -- so yes, unfortunately, we did see some incremental SEO headwinds over the course of the quarter. I -- it's always hard to know exactly what Google is doing. We think of it as how far down the page are we -- is our organic result. And I think you're seeing this across the industry as Google has gotten more aggressive. I -- we've been predicting this, of course, for the past many years. We talked about on our last call, there's -- we know that this SEO piece is an ongoing trend, and we're not predicting that it's going to turn around. Having said that, we're doing a better and better job of making or helping our travelers find the right hotel when they're in hotel shopping mode. And then our focus around the whole TripAdvisor brand is enabling folks and offering many more reasons why they want to come back to TripAdvisor to plan the considered trip and then that hotel shopping part of that entire trip flows out the bottom as added benefit to TripAdvisor. 
As we with the brand positioning, as we with our CRM efforts, as we with our loyalty programs get better and better at that, we have the opportunity to return the auction itself to growth. Over the shorter term, we've talked more and more about these nonauction revenue sources, including media, including hotel B2B, restaurants, experiences, the sets of things that are already growing for us and that we feel all have clear double-digit growth ahead to make up for anything that comes our way in Google headwinds.

So those are pretty -- it's a great question. Those are pretty hard for us to measure. We've seen a pretty stable environment from our key partners in the hotel auction over this year. And of course, they have many places, many choices, in which to spend their performance dollars. As Lindsay and Kanika would add, by making our offering that much more valuable by qualifying the traffic on our site before we send it downstream to an OTA, by helping OTAs get their brand message across on our platform, there's still a, we feel, a wonderful opportunity to help our clients in lots of ways, not just with the individual clicks on our platform today.

Sure. I'll take the first part on the deal with Trip.com Group. They've certainly been a partner of ours for many, many years. We've operated TripAdvisor China for quite some time, and they've been a fantastic partner for us there. We feel like we've done a good job in China. But when we look at the size of the -- especially the outbound travel audience, where outbound is where our content excels, I -- we thought partnering up with Trip.com Group in this manner, offered a much better, much more global, much more exciting opportunity for all parties. And certainly, the combination of our strength in outbound content, global content, their strength in so many things, including the eyeballs of the domestic Chinese traveler, made for a -- just a fantastic strategic partnership. So we do have lots of excitement around the JV. We welcome them pending regulatory approval on to our Board. I -- and feel like there's many, many opportunities ahead.

Sure. So thanks, Tom. This is Steve. I'll take the membership growth piece. I -- when you dial it up and look at our overall strategy, and as we've spoken about this before, it does center around inviting more people to join TripAdvisor, become loyal, plan that considered trip, not just the hotel, not just the attraction, not just the restaurant, but really, the entire package. Having someone as a member and then a loyal member is a fantastic way to be able to reach out, communicate with them and help them throughout the different planning phases of the journey. Frankly, it's a little less interesting if it's a single one-night stay somewhere. But if you're planning that week-long trip somewhere, there really are quite a few different aspects of the trip that we can help with. Becoming a member, telling us something about yourself, the type of trip, when you're going, obviously, where you're going, the sorts of things that we might learn about you, we believe, helps cement that loyalty to TripAdvisor, that reason to come back specifically to TripAdvisor because we know you, and hopefully, we know you better than anyone else. I -- the amount of traffic that we have coming to our site every single day affords us the opportunity, unlike many other sites out there, to offer reasons to join today and build upon the membership and the benefits of membership over time. I'll turn it to Lindsay if she wants to comment on the revenue opportunities on that membership piece.

This is Steve. I'll take the Experiences question. So I do want to be clear. I think we've done a fantastic job exceeding many of our own expectations in terms of how quickly we've been able to grow supply over the past couple of years. And we are not, by any stretch of the imagination, stopping the onboarding of additional supply in all of our markets. The opportunity, however, is to slow down a bit on the supply because we feel we already have a ton of great stuff to offer to our consumers and shift more towards the conversion, shift more towards discovery, shift more towards making sure we're presenting the right inventory at the right time. In terms of competition, there's certainly that there is competition on the demand side, and there's competition in the, sort of, OTA for attractions that's out there, and they each have different angles of where they might be particularly strong in supply. And I -- we respect those competitors immensely. But we are the ones that have such an incredible amount of demand already -- people, travelers, already planning a leisure trip, looking for something to do, and we have, we believe, a plenty big enough supply footprint to satisfy most of that demand. We need to become better at matching that demand. You hear us talk about membership and loyalty, the site experience, how do you discover this, and to reiterate, of course, we will continue to be adding supply to the equation. We're not stopping, but it's just no longer our -- one of our primary focal
points for the coming year.

Thanks, Shweta. This is Steve. I'll take the restaurant question. We certainly expect to continue to grow supply, grow seated diners in all of our markets. I -- it is an area where, again, we continue to grow across all dimensions, key focus for us is building the habit. Most of the transaction, most of the seated diner growth comes from our mobile offerings. That's to be expected. And the more habit we can build amongst more people, the better off. To build a habit, you have to have a terrific supplied footprint. That's what we have, so we'll continue to expand that. But if you ask me, which is, kind of, the most important: habit, repeat visits, loyal users, and you get that by driving supply focus points.

Sure, Eric. A great question, certainly something we think about all the time. We are blessed by having such an incredible footprint of traffic, a global brand and a trusted brand. So when folks all over the world are looking for that considered trip, for that special vacation, they're turning to TripAdvisor. They may find us through a variety of different channels but it really is TripAdvisor that they're looking for. When we think of the specifics of, hey, how do you compete with a Hotel Meta  auction against all of the sets of the competitors, including Google? That's a challenge. There's a lot -- Google is up-funnel from us. The OTAs are, some of our biggest clients, also have meta engines of their own. Our answer is to be not the world's -- not for people to think of us as a metasearch engine for hotels but to think of us as a site to plan an amazing vacation. And that's not the space that others occupy. You can't go to a Google or an OTA or any of our incredibly strong competitors and look for recommendations from people like you about where to go and how to maximize your precious vacation time. TripAdvisor, with the size of our footprint, with the content that we have, with the recommendations that we make today with our different sort orders and going forward with what we'll be able to do going down the road, we think, remains a category of 1 in the ecosystem. I -- so in summary, we already have the scale, so it's not a scale issue. Competing in the individual category case, that's challenging because you do have niche players and you do have Google top-of-funnel from us. But as a considered trip, as planning the whole vacation, we believe we are the ones best suited to address that need. When it comes to how we do that, we've done a number of things. Our review count continues to grow. I -- our -- we have a number of social features on the site for the folks that are looking for that type of inspiration. And then I pull us back to our growth in membership because when we query our audience, when we do our user feedback survey, everyone continues to tell us, we love the recommendations, especially when they are people like me helping take me where I want to go, have an amazing time. And the social connection combines extremely nicely with the trust that people already have in the TripAdvisor brand and the fact that it's not just a magic algorithm, it's real people behind the content helping you do that trip. That's where you'll see us continue to focus in the coming year and multiple years, because we believe it is truly a differentiator between what TripAdvisor has and the set of competitors that you named and whatever new competitors arise over the next decade.

This is Steve. It's always, kind of, hard to tell. These things don't tend to drop off a cliff on one particular day. And so I couldn't comment on anything in -- over the past couple of weeks. We've forecasted in general where we think SEO is going to go going forward. I -- and we don't see any reason to think that the trends will be different in terms of Google continuing to take more and more space in the search results. We believe our strategy around diversifying the HM&P revenue stream off of the auction onto other pieces, combined with our other segments, combined with the holistic, bringing the TripAdvisor story around the considered trip for which the Hotel auction and everything else will benefit, is our way forward in light of these ongoing SEO headwinds.

Thanks, James, for the question. So I -- Ctrip is certainly contributing not only cash but really, their expertise in identifying what's going on in the China market, especially towards outbound. They have a ton of experience on the user profiling side, on the understanding what that customer segment wants as well as, sort of, best-in-class booking capabilities across the board. 
I think TripAdvisor, to the flip side, brings an intense and insane amount of relevant content for the traveler, no matter where they're going. And so when you combine those 2 strengths into this TripAdvisor China opportunity, we feel the possibility for that JV entity to really become a much more meaningful player in the China travel ecosystem emerges. And that's something that I don't -- that TripAdvisor, I don't think, would have been able to do on our own. Ctrip doesn't have historically, the type of content play, especially for outbound, that TripAdvisor brings to the table. So the long-term goal, it's not confusing, it's being able to take the assets that both parties bring to the table and create something really magical, doing a fantastic job serving that outbound traveler.

Sure. I think we have the opportunity to do many of those things. I'd say our focus would be helping the travelers that are currently looking for things to do, helping our -- that are on TripAdvisor and Viator today, helping the travelers that are already planning a considered trip be matched with the right set of bookable inventory that we probably already have. But as I said, if we feel we are missing something key, I mean, that's an ongoing process to go add that to the platform. But whereas we're very happy with our triple-digit bookable supply inventory growth, that's not the core metric -- that's not one of the core metrics that we will be chasing in years to come as we feel like we have a lot. Now it's a question of matching it with the demand that we already have in a better, more inspirational, clearer, more helpful way, matched with the additional info, we're learning about our membership growth on TripAdvisor.

This is Steve. So I mean, Makemytrip has been a client for many years. I couldn't really opine as to whether this particular JV helps that. I know they run pretty independently. But again, we already have an excellent relationship with them, Makemytrip. I -- with regard to Experiences, we already generate a number -- quite a large transaction volume for quite a few suppliers. We're important to their ecosystem. We love having them as part of our platform. I think what I was alluding to before was more capturing the needs on the part of travelers that are currently on TripAdvisor and Viator and making sure our suggestions, for which of our bookable supply is best suited for their needs, is a very nice opportunity. We already have the traffic, we already have the supplies, so it's product, it's UI, maybe it's promotion, other ways to help make that match during the considered trip. And then when we know someone is actually on the trip, help them find the amazing something to do when they're already there that they may not even have known about but we know who they are, we know where they are, and so we're able to send a push message or a highly contextual email that's extremely helpful to that traveler.

Great. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining the call. In closing, Q3 didn't meet our expectations, but we are moving forward with urgency towards our future growth opportunities. I look forward to updating everyone on our progress next quarter. Thanks.