Thank you, Angela, and good morning to everyone joining the call. As Angela mentioned, on the call with me today are Ernst Teunissen, outgoing CFO; and Mike Noonan, who started just over a week ago. In mid-October, we announced the CFO transition, and I'm pleased to have both Ernst and Mike on this call.
I want to start by welcoming Mike to his first earnings call today with TripAdvisor. Many of our listeners know Mike already and understand why we are so excited to have him as a member of our leadership team, given his strong track record and deep industry experience. This is an exciting time to join TripAdvisor, and we have no doubt he'll hit the ground running.
I also want to recognize Ernst and thank him for his steady leadership as a steward of capital, trusted colleague, role model and friend. We're excited for him as he thinks about his next chapter and grateful for his commitment to a seamless handover to Mike.
Now to the quarter. We were pleased to publish the results shared in last night's release and shareholder letter. We exceeded expectations, and Q3 was also the first quarter that we surpassed 2019 levels on a consolidated revenue basis at 107%, accelerating from 99% last quarter. It's worth mentioning that this was also our highest quarter of revenue on record at $459 million, not by much but a record, nonetheless.
We provided a thorough outlay of quarterly results last night, but I'd like to take a moment to cover a few highlights before turning to some bigger picture items. Each segment of the TripAdvisor business delivered a notable performance in Q3. First, Viator led the way in revenue growth and recovery rates at 179% of 2019 levels, accelerating from 160% last quarter. This represents 138% growth year-over-year. We're excited about the large and growing market opportunity to connect global travelers to memorable experiences. The team is executing effectively with a lean cost structure, and we're seeing their efforts bear fruit. Investments in the shift to mobile, higher product quality, programs for suppliers and marketing are driving higher take rates, record new customers and improved repeat rates. As a result, we saw record revenue and gross bookings, which year-to-date have crossed over the $2 billion mark.
At TheFork, we continue to see the business recover in Q3 to 103% of 2019 levels, a strong showing, particularly with an estimated negative impact of 9% due to currency headwinds. Targeted investments in our products, technology and marketing are starting to generate the desired results. We're seeing strong mobile app downloads and unique visitors on an aggregate basis that compare favorably to other global players. We believe we're building loyalty and better lifetime value economics with our customers with increasing numbers of direct bookings through the app and from repeat customers.
Finally, in our core TripAdvisor segment, we also executed a strong quarter with sequential improvement in recovery to 88% of 2019, up from 84% last quarter. Our branded hotels business reached 95% of 2019 levels up from 89% last quarter driven by continued recovery in our hotel meta or hotel auction as we called it in the past. We believe this is a clear sign that demand for travel remains healthy and that we are driving value for our customers and our partners, which we will continue to reinforce. 
The TripAdvisor Experiences & Dining revenue stream was a notable standout, recovering 125% of 2019 levels, up from 117% last quarter, as we continue to build relationships with travelers looking for more than hotels. In our hotel B2B and media offerings, which have largely mirrored trends in hotel marketing and shifts in the advertising market, we recovered at 79% and 80% of 2019 levels, respectively. And our teams continue to lean in to the opportunity to serve our partners even more effectively.
Across the board, we had a strong quarter of performance, and I really want to thank the teams for maintaining focus and delivering strong results. Next, I'd like to take the opportunity to share some thoughts on my first 100 days in the role. On my first call in August, I mentioned some key reasons I joined TripAdvisor, including the company's enduring assets that I believe would set the path for the future. A few that I mentioned were a far-reaching brand built on trust, a diverse set of assets across our segments, a large global audience making meaningful content contributions, a wealth of data to leverage across the group and colleagues and culture steeped in our purpose of connecting people to experiences worth sharing.
Now here on my second call, I can confirm my initial belief that these assets provide a strong foundation from which to reimagine our future. I've had the chance to travel to many of our offices, discuss opportunities with our teams, compare observations with other thought leaders in the travel industry and talk to customers and partners. What is abundantly clear is that we play a critical role in an attractive travel ecosystem with numerous paths for growth in this dynamic and fast-moving environment.
As a starting point, we believe that people are increasingly seeking ways to reconnect with the world, making the most of their precious time and resources as they prioritize meaningful experiences above material consumption. Our goal is to connect people to experiences worth sharing, which is paramount after years of isolation during the pandemic and the perception of an increasingly disconnected and divided world.
TripAdvisor Group represents a family of brands with a shared mission to be the world's most trusted source for travel and experiences. We can deliver this across brand TripAdvisor, the world's largest travel guidance platform; Viator, the leading marketplace for in-destination bookable experiences; TheFork, Europe's leading online dining reservation platform; and Cruise Critic, the largest cruise committee in the -- community in the world.
Our opportunity is to build on a relationship of trust, one of our most precious assets and one that we will continue to reinforce and enhance. We are well positioned to capture the secular shift in consumer demand from physical goods to experiences, which we expect to fuel the future of leisure travel.
I also recognize that we have not always executed on our ambition as effectively as possible or made the most of all our assets and capabilities. While the business has bounced back well from the pandemic, there are opportunities to reinforce our relevance and create even more value for travelers, experience-seekers, diners and our partners.
This leads me to an area of focus where I spent much of my time in the last few months, kicking off work to align the company around a clear set of strategic priorities, starting with the core TripAdvisor brand. While it's too early to share specifics, what I can say is that we're taking the time to reimagine the unique role we play in travel, where we can address consumer pain points and how we can further differentiate ourselves on our future path.
Together with our talented employees, who are subject matter experts, we've embarked on a structured process to evaluate our business, take a fact-based, data-driven view and set the path for a clear and compelling strategy, and our team is energized by the opportunity.
My mission is to make sure we continue to evolve so that we can serve travelers, diners and experience-seekers for decades to come. And this means that the traveler experience will be at the center of everything we do. We will lean into the strengths for which we're known, reinforce our value proposition and identify new ways to drive sustainable growth. As we do so, we will seek to build enduring relationships with travelers, leverage our data to better understand and address their needs and create a highly engaging experience for the consumer and our partners.
Before I turn the call over to Mike and Ernst, I want to reiterate how excited I am to be here, how pleased I am with the quarter's results and how much I'm looking forward to continuing the work on setting our priorities and sharing more with you on that in the future. As we close out the year and look forward to 2023, we've heard a lot about high interest rates, questions about consumer spending, the rising costs of goods and services, recessionary pressures across the globe and the impact all this will have on travel.
However, from our vantage point, it's too early to point to indicators that would tell us one way or the other where things will land next year. Travel remains robust, and our internal data suggests that a majority of travelers plan to travel the same or more over the coming months, and many are even willing to spend more.
We've also observed that cost and affordability is becoming more important when planning a trip, and consumers are likely to be more diligent as they research a trip and decide what to book. This may create opportunity for us as we seek to address consumer preferences. And we also acknowledge that as financial situations shift, the consumer may adjust.
Regardless of near or medium-term external macro conditions, we have conviction about the resilience of our portfolio of brands. Our positioning as a trusted source for travel and experiences is an enduring long-term opportunity. And I'm excited at the work we're doing to ensure that TripAdvisor Group continues to play a vital role in our industry for years to come.
Now I'd like to turn the call over to Mike to say a few words. Mike?

Thank you, Richard. Yes, a few puts and takes, and thanks for the question. And hopefully, we will clarify it to your satisfaction. So the first comment is there is always a seasonal decline from Q3 to Q4 in EBITDA margin. And that is because there is a seasonal decline in revenue from Q3 to Q4. And therefore, fixed cost coverage is unfavorable in Q4. So that's the general trend that's always happening.
Additional to our consolidated -- if you compare it to 2019, in addition to our -- for our consolidated results is, of course, that the waiting for Viator, where we're incurring a loss -- projected loss in Q4 is much larger than it was in 2019. So you have a mix shift overall there as well.
If you go to the core and compare it to 2019, we had, in 2019, a very limited seasonal step-down in EBITDA margin from 30% -- sorry, from 34 -- I apologize. From a marginal step back from 39% -- from 40% to 39%, sorry. I was fumbling a little bit. From 40%, 39%, a very small step back in 2019, in TripAdvisor core.
And the reason for that was that we had a number of fixed costs in Q3 and Q4 that were different. So we had a step down of about $20 million of unique costs from Q3 to Q4. One was TV advertising that stepped down meaningfully from Q3 to Q4. And the other one was a reversal of a bonus accrual that we did in Q4 2019. And so that made the step down much less pronounced than it would typically have been. That was a major impact. And if you take all those things together, the seasonal decline that we're projecting between Q3 and Q4 is typical but for the additional investment we're making in the Viator brand.

Well, I -- so the comparison to 2019, hopefully, will be in the rearview mirror as we move into next year, and we'll have some more normalized trends. There are just so many puts and takes if you compared to 2019 because the profile of our business was different. The other difference there was in 2019 was we had a few businesses that we are no longer consolidating. We had our China business, which is deconsolidated. We had our SmarterTravel business, which we discontinued. We had very different mix between different lines -- revenue lines and segments. And so the comparison to 2019 is always going to be very difficult. Hopefully, into next year, we will have a more normalized comparison to the trends that you've seen in '22.

Well, it started in Q3 and extended into Q4. So there's a Q3, Q4 2022 investment.

Yes. And I would just say before I get into your question about the consumer, Naved, Viator, we are so excited about this asset. We think there are lots of ways of leaning in. And it's -- the team is really executing well. The category is poised to continue to accelerate. And we think market leadership has tremendous value. So it's something that we're just really excited about and I know we'll be talking a lot about as we go forward.
On the consumer, yes, we're following the consumer very closely. And you asked about what we're seeing. Definitely, searches are up across the board, searches for hotels, experiences and restaurants. But we are seeing in our data that, inflationary pressures, while people want to continue spending, they're thinking about how they might adjust their travel plans.
And so with rising cost of living, many more are going to be traveling at shorter length than maybe they had planned in the past. Some are going to think about vacations being much closer to home. If maybe you were thinking about going international, you might go domestic. And of course, they're also thinking about what they're going to do on that trip. And what we are seeing is they still want to take the trip with a large majority, but that -- they'll be thoughtful.
We think there's an advantage there as they think about comparing pricing, as they think about making that choice. That sort of ability to guide the consumer through a period of time from real people who are having real experiences, and then at that moment when they want to make that decision, helping them make it happen, I think, is -- it plays right to our strength. So the consumer behavior is very promising, by and large, but of course, some adjustments based on personal financial situations.

Thanks, Lloyd. Appreciate the question. I am so excited about the strategy work. It's been very energizing both for me and the team that we have engaged. We're really rallying around the opportunity. And I think it's something that we all feel there is real upside if we get this right and do it deliberately. So I appreciate the time you've given me given my tenure to really get through that process. We're part of the way through now and we are building conviction about areas to prioritize.
The goal for the strategy work, of course, is to ensure we create sustainable value for the group as a portfolio and that we make sure that we have a really clear and compelling proposition. We went through work like that with Viator and TheFork in the past. And so that's why our current focus is on core TripAdvisor and really thinking about how we serve travelers as a modern guidance platform.
And I think there's a lot we can do to be far more contemporary. We have a lot of advantages, right? And we're going to lean into our heritage. We've got a trusted brand. We've got a community that really values connecting with us and with each other. And of course, we've got a content asset. And we know we need to focus on our product to really start to utilize our unique data and ultimately to drive higher levels of direct traffic and engagement that will create multiple opportunities for monetization. And so we're going to balance how we think about reimagining the core product while continuing to invest in the growth opportunities as we see them. We recognize that there are headwinds.
There has been a number of things like shift to mobile, obviously, our traffic mix. There are geographic differences where we think we can improve with international focus. We can take a much more thoughtful long -- lifetime value focus on the consumer in our marketing. We can lean into B2B and media and really drive those businesses harder. And we think about our content assets and the way we want it to be far more immersive as we guide travelers and then be with them at that moment where they want to make their decisions. So I think there is a lot of opportunity. I wouldn't want to tell you we're going to overhaul something today. We think that certainly, our core meta business has bounced back. It's performing. It is showing relevance not only for consumers, who come in not only to compare pricing but also to find that hotel and ultimately start to build that experience. We also think it provides tremendous value for our partners, and that's what we're seeing is that high-intent traffic continues to be valuable, and we think our partners will continue to prioritize us as part of their marketing mix.
So we're very excited about leaning into that, reinforcing it, thinking about how we can adjust to both mobile and geographic opportunities. On the question of our marketing, I think that what we've learned with Viator and to some degree, TheFork, is that when we do really thoughtful marketing, whether it be performance marketing, or thinking about other promotional marketing in the channels that help us do that. As long as we look at that in a highly disciplined way and think about what's the purpose, who are we trying to reach, what's the expected result and we watch that we're actually delivering those results as we go. We can consider all channels. And I think that's something we'll consider.
We're going to -- Mike and I have talked about this, we're going to take a very disciplined approach, but I think you can expect us as we continue to drive our product offering to be wanted to talk about it and really get the benefit for the work that we're planning to do.

Yes. Thanks, Jed. It's Matt. And I just want to add to what -- your question about Google. I've spent a career I think, as I said last time, in businesses that have to contend with Google and done it in such a way that has worked out reasonably well. You have to think about what you're going to do that's going to be different than Google. And I think we have a lot that we can do that will be different from Google.
If we focus on our content and our trust and the security that travelers have with us when they think about the decision that they're going to make, the way that we're able to guide with a point of view and leverage the community, we know that we're ranked above Google, Facebook, Airbnb, Booking when we track our brand in terms of trust. We know that our community has value. We know that curating content and really thinking about a more longitudinal relationship to serve consumers at every step along the journey not just at a moment when they're ready to make a particular search, I think, are all ways that we're thinking about how to do that.
I don't want to suggest that it's easy. I have a lot of respect for Google, and they're an important player in the ecosystem, but we think we can differentiate.
On the question of strategic value at Viator, part of the work we're doing is to, of course, create value for the whole of the group, and that's inclusive of maximizing value for Viator. And that's why I shared with you that we see a lot of growth potential there and want to continue to invest and have a lifetime value focus and think about how we add value to suppliers. And it also means that we're going to think about every option we have to drive more recognition for and value in the business. And so while the markets make it challenging to have a point of view on that today, we're just going to lean in and focus on driving the market opportunity.

Thank you, James. Appreciate the question. So I think I said in the last call together that we thought that the direct-to-consumer opportunity was an interesting one that we really want to dive into. And of course, it's an area that we are deeply exploring as part of our strategy work. We think we can certainly do better with consumer-facing products and services.
We haven't yet finalized how TripAdvisor Plus would fit into that, but I think the direct-to-consumer offering needs to address very clear travel needs with tangible benefits that consumers value. And we need to communicate that clearly to drive a compelling opportunity. We think with a brand that we have, with the trust that we have, thinking about a broader membership opportunity is a natural place to develop the relationship further. And we have to do it in a way that reinforces the entire value proposition. It can't just be a separate proposition, just about discounting, which is kind of the starting point for TripAdvisor Plus. We need to find ways to recognize and reward loyalty that users come. And we need to make sure that when we think about membership, it can be easy to engage.
Certainly, it could be tiered. There ought to be a way to think about membership where it's not just about the consumer necessarily paying for something. But rather, if you remember, we can learn more about you and engage with you and monetize in multiple different ways. So the work that we're doing, we are reviewing and rethinking, and as part of the strategic work I've outlined, we're going to share more when we discuss our strategy in more detail.

Yes. And I would just add that, for me, putting fresh eyes on the top line growth in meta. Steady recovery every quarter thus far in 2022 just suggests to me the continued relevance of that product. And of course, we recognize that the landscape has changed, but I think we can reinforce the relevance of the product in the way that we think about targeting consumers and understanding them better and creating user journeys on core TripAdvisor that meet their particular need, whether it's for an accommodation shopping experience or they're looking to just start planning higher in the funnel.
There are opportunities to look at increasing our effectiveness geographically with mobile. I just think that there's a way to develop an opportunity that just reinforces that. So to me that, again, goes to the point of enduring and a really good foundation.

Yes. So we know that there's a continued demand for the product. And of course, our product really fits well with our strengths of being trusted and guidance and the reviews. And we continue to believe that partners find value in this offering as one of the channels because of the high intent nature of the traffic. And in fact, that's what we're seeing in the dynamic. And so we'll continue to work to identify the ways to deliver the best product and service to those partners. And no doubt, OTAs have always wanted to focus on more direct traffic, and that's nothing new, and they'll continue to do that. I don't think that means that we will lose the opportunity to continue to be a part of their mix.

As a brand, we tend to skew more to the consumer use case rather than the business use case. Undoubtedly, that we have business travelers, small business travelers in our mix, but not the signal that you're after.

No, yes. I mean we've shared a bit of color on the consumer. We have a lot of confidence in the consumer. We haven't seen anything change. No signs of trading down. We -- I think we referenced Europe has been different than the U.S. But beyond that, the consumer has been strong.

Yes. That was a good answer. The other thing I would add is I think the work the team is doing has been really sharp not only on the consumer side, driving some of these trends that Ernst just described. But also on the supplier side, I mean, they're really focused on growing the value of supplier offerings through the product and thinking about opportunities around engagement with suppliers and co-marketing with suppliers, and that's delivering value both to the supplier and benefits on take rate.
We will continue to look for opportunities to accelerate. The team is always thinking about what else we can do. There's an opportunity to leverage data across the group that would be really beneficial for Viator given the vast amount of data we have across the various brands. And they're also -- we can think differently about the relationship between Viator and TripAdvisor, and that's something we're really excited to think about because the 2 together give them a very distinct advantage in the marketplace. And so there's a lot of opportunity here, and it's one that, again, I think we get excited about for years to come.

Yes. Thank you for the question, Deepak. And of course, again, coming out of the media space and doing it for so long, I've obviously had a chance to experience consumer shifts to lots of different kinds of platforms going all the way back to the search and social and much more immersive content set. So when I think about Instagram and TikTok and the inspiration that they can deliver they're absolutely platforms that make a lot of sense.
They are also platforms that we can experiment with and think about how -- what's our role in that world that balances what we do on our platform and off our platform. But I think one of the areas that we can lean into is in our content. And when you think about combining our content with our data and what we can learn about a traveler, we have a pretty powerful asset. And we can both improve the content experience, and think about different formats and really enhance the way that we deliver that immersive experience and also think about the platform that brings to bear the best of our guidance to travelers because when you go into some of those other platforms, there's a trust factor. Now some of it may be your friends and your family, but there's a trust factor around, is that something that I can really rely on. And I think our brand stands for trust, and I think we're uniquely positioned to do just that.

I would just add, as part of our strategy work, we are leaning into what do we want to do to differentiate ourselves and improve our operational performance in B2B and media. And that's something that we do think some of the self-inflicted things in the past around our sales teams and driving higher levels of productivity. But I think we can really drive more solution orientation. I think as I talked about product before, when we think about the product and services that we want to provide to deliver performance, leveraging engagement and data and productivity as well as with media, getting into those formats where we're experimenting already, but we primarily played in the display ad category, which we know is declining. And so as we focus on the consumer and look to drive more value for partners and advertisers, there's a real opportunity to lead into serving clients there more effectively.

With that, I'd like to thank you all for your time today. I look forward to seeing you the next time. Bye-bye.