Thank you, Will, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. As covered in our shareholder letter last night, I'm pleased to say that consumer demand and revenue performance as a percentage of 2019 levels improved sequentially on our platform in both February and March. This was led by the U.S. market, where vaccination trends accelerated during the period. Traffic to our U.S. hotel pages approached 80% of our 2019 levels in March. Two of our key offerings that lagged last year, our hotel metasearch auction and Experiences are showing nice improvement so far this year, again, due to increased U.S. activity. 
Europe lagged due to lockdowns, but demand picked up in April, and we're optimistic for a broad international recovery as vaccination rates improve. Positive Q1 trends in the U.S. and some other countries contrast greatly through challenges in many other parts of the world like in India. And I just want to say that our thoughts are with all of our colleagues in India as well as their families, and of course, everyone who is struggling so hard with this terrible situation. 
These contrasting trends that we are seeing support our overall view that the road to recovery is, in fact, uneven. So travel is certainly not out of the woods, but we have a positive start to the year. We remain quite optimistic about the second half of 2021 as the number of people vaccinated increases, countries reopen and the leisure travel recovery broadens. People want to travel, and we are certain that when they feel safe to do so, they will travel. But the Tripadvisor story is more than just the recovery. We have, and will continue to position the business for future growth by leveraging our platform's breadth and our competitive strengths and executing on our strategic initiatives. 
Pre-pandemic, we grew many offerings by double digits, including our B2B business, display advertising, Experiences & Dining. We've been actively improving these products as well as our tech and our go-to-market strategies in order to deliver customers the best experience possible and drive diverse growth. Add to that, the innovation that we're bringing into travel in terms of our new subscription product, TripAdvisor Plus. As many of you know from our last quarterly remarks, we see a huge opportunity ahead, and fully expect that Plus is can be a very exciting part of our future. We remain in beta in the U.S. today, but are pleased with our progress as we work to improve the product for consumers and work closely with partners to build out the offering. Converting even a small percentage of engaged Tripadvisor traffic, not to mention the hundreds of millions of visitors per month that are searching on Tripadvisor for hotels and experiences, implies a potential long-term growth opportunity of tens of millions of subscribers and a multibillion-dollar recurring revenue stream.
I'll note that absolutely, none of this is possible without the team, and I want to thank everyone at Tripadvisor for their ongoing commitment to helping millions of consumers and partners get back to travel. We've grown accustomed to executing through tremendous unpredictability, and I've been very proud of your continued resilience and remain very optimistic about what's ahead. 
And with that, Ernst, let me turn it over to you for some additional thoughts.

Sure. Thanks, Lloyd. This is Steve. Maybe I'll take the first question, and Ernst will take the second. There's a couple of different ways that we're looking to work with credit card companies. The first could be on the part of the more higher end credit card that carries some interesting travel benefits already or maybe a particular financial institution wants to break into that pretty lucrative category of travel. And so the travel reward or one of the travel rewards with the credit card would be a subscription to Tripadvisor Plus. That type of model would generally have the credit card or the financial institution paying Tripadvisor on behalf of the customer, a perhaps a somewhat discounted off-of-list price rate. But that every credit card company would -- I mean every credit card customer would automatically become a Tripadvisor Plus subscription. 
That's a great deal for Tripadvisor. It's a way to enhance a credit card in a in a very meaningful and differentiated way for a financial institution. But obviously, those deals take a little while to put together. We have to find the right partner, and we're still in beta as a product. Another option, certainly being explored with other financial institutions just simply include a discount perhaps or a free trial. So a way to get started with Tripadvisor Plus subscription, reaching an interesting audience. And again, it's something that the consumer would likely activate themselves, auto renew on we get someone to actually try the product, and we are completely convinced that once someone sees what Tripadvisor Plus offers by way of discounts on all the hotels and all the experiences, the additional value propositions that we're bundling with the product. We think that renewal will come rather simply. Ernst?

Sure, Jason. We've certainly had quite a few discussions with hotel chains, independent hotels, and we feel we're making good progress. But look, let me just kind of back up and just remind everyone that we're at super early days about bringing this whole new subscription model to travel. And hotel discounts are obviously a core part of that consumer value proposition. And in doing so, we're actively engaging with chains and independent hoteliers, and listening closely for what they like, areas that they can -- that we can improve upon, and ultimately, how we get everyone to join the program. 
We're absolutely dedicated to making a win for hoteliers just as much as it's a win for the travelers. So what we've learned over the past couple of months is that a number of chains and independent hoteliers really like what we're doing. They're perfectly comfortable with how we're displaying the Plus, how we're merchandising, how we're -- how we require a traveler to buy a Plus subscription in order to book a discounted rate. And that's what we call a hard gate. And frankly, that's what makes Plus. So different from the legacy hotel discount sites.

Yes. It's a great question. I do think a lot about it because I love trying to kind of punch holes in our thesis going forward. And like we have the traffic on the site. We shouted about the 160 million shots on goal. People that are clicking on our meddeling since 2019. It's a great opportunity. We're signing up independent hoteliers, and they're comfortable with the product. We've had some pushback from some chains, but they really don't speak with just one voice. So a number are coming forward saying, hey, it's exciting. Let's enter negotiations. We see this as a great channel for Tripadvisor -- for themselves. And they want to make sure their properties essentially get their fair share of bookings from this product. 
Other chains are a little bit more nervous about how we're showing the rate. And we've taken that as great sort of constructive feedback, and we're addressing it. So we're in conversations with, I don't want to say, every single chain about what it will take to make them feel very comfortable about joining the program. You asked me about concerns, and I just kind of want to make the point that we don't need universal coverage for this product because we have travelers going to, say, Cancun, and they want to see some amazing deals. And we want to present dozens of deals, but we don't need to display hundreds of deals. And if you think all the way back to Instant Book, it was kind of different back then. But here, we're able to promote the deals that we're getting from chains or independents, wherever we get them, and the kind of the better the deal, the more we're interested in promoting it to the traveler. And we've seen over the past several months, travelers savings literally more than a -- our best savings is more than $1,000 every single day since we launched the product, and like pretty compelling numbers there. 
And so when we talk about the demand we already have on the site, I believe, and partnerships, which I'm happy to go into more. On the supply side, we have independents joining. We have good progress on negotiations with the chains. And some of the chain -- and we want to make sure that we have participation from as many as we can because some of those chains have the absolute best properties around it. So we want every property to be able to join the program. But the point I was trying to make is we don't need every property. We just need a few dozen in all the geographies that people are traveling to. So it may take a little longer than others for some of the chains to hop on board to see the benefit. But we want to make sure all of their properties, again, get the share of bookings that Plus will be driving.

Thanks, Richard, for the Plus question as well. I'd give a short answer by saying simply, we're in discussions with a number of different aggregators the ones we brought on originally, that helped us deliver such a comprehensive amount of supply right out the gate as well as independents and chains who are direct supply effort. That's caused some variation, as you noted on the site. I'd say it's less seasonally related and more an aspect of how we're going to market with our direct connectivity, direct supply, and how we're working with a different set of aggregators. 
I'd say, expect more change going forward. We're a test-and-learn company. This is a brand-new product. We're innovating about the best ways that we can display inventory -- display great discounts for travelers. While at the same time, respecting the wishes of hotels who want to make sure their inventory, their prices are displayed in the way that they're comfortable with. So as you continue to look at the site, you'll see some more tests coming, some more changes coming in the next weeks and months, and that's part of the reason why we're still in beta, as we hone in on what makes for a great consumer experience with a nice breadth of inventory coverage.

Sure. Thanks, Naved. So we have been, since we rolled out in beta earlier in the year, which was on a very small percent of our traffic. We rolled it up to north of 75% in the U.S. in terms of chances of seeing Tripadvisor. Because we want to get is kind of as much experimental data as we can for how consumers are interacting. On any sort of given day, you might have 4 or 5 different Plus-related tests running as we again hone in on kind of what makes the best style of merchandising, how the checkout flow works, how we're sorting different properties to the top of our list. Lots of different things that are all part of the equation. 
Would I've been -- you asked, hey, calibrating up or down, I'm getting more bullish on the opportunity because I see the types of savings that consumers are achieving. And they're pretty compelling. Our average savings is north of $300, and there's several times every day when someone is saving more than $1,000. And that's a meaningful number for changing the type of the trip that, that traveler can have. And as word spreads that, hey, all of this is available with this new Tripadvisor Plus subscription product, I look 3 to 5 years out. And I say, of course, somebody -- and darn it, that's going to be us, is going to have a travel subscription product with tens of millions of subscribers because it's such a logical fit into the ecosystem. Subscriptions clearly proven in so many different categories now, and we've priced this we feel appropriately so that a lot of people can afford to subscribe. I mean do the math at $100 a year. It's less than $9 a month. What a great deal to be able to get the type of discounts on hotels, 10% off all the bookable Experiences on Tripadvisor. You'll soon see some of the other things that we're adding into the package. And it's just a great notion and frankly, great business model for us. 
So I'm getting more bullish on the opportunity as I've seen more of the customer reaction. And frankly, I'm getting -- or I'm being careful myself to temper my enthusiasm about what this looks like in 5 years, with how quickly we can get there. Because I'm constantly reminded, there isn't another travel subscription product out there. People aren't comparing this with something else. It's a new concept that we're introducing to people. And I have to be a little bit patient about the time it takes to educate folks, the time it takes -- even though we have these no-brainer moments. The time it takes to -- for us to help persuade them that it's a very clear savings. So I am reminded by my team, I remind everyone that this is really early days in a great new product category. And success is measured in years, not months, and that's the way we're approaching it because it's -- again, I'll try to be more succinct here. 
I believe even more in the category. Love it. It will take us some time to get there. I'm impatient by personality, but I understand these things. It will take some time, and super excited. To your property count question, I don't want to hang too much on specific property counts because what we found is it's really the combination of the discount level we're getting, how that compares to other partners of the prices that we're showing, that drives a lot of the bookings. So not surprisingly, a very small discount if we have a lot of properties with a very small discount, it doesn't move the needle for us. But when we're getting the a 10%, 15%, 30%, 40% discounts, those become best sellers pretty quickly. And we're really helping those hotels fill that empty room. And that's why the whole model is so powerful.

Sure. So I'll try to answer that and then I'll let Ernst comment. Part of Viator's business model is as a player for all the different points of sale. And so whether that be a Booking.com, Expedia, other OTAs including kind of the traditional off-line travel agencies. So they're very good. And we are very good at distributing that type of inventory. And again, it's early days in the recovery of all experiences, thrilled with the partnership with Booking.com. A great company to work with. Obviously, we worked with them for a long time. They're excited on the Experiences side. They have some of their own plans, and we're able to complement globally for them. And that's, from our perspective, quite exciting. Ernst, do you want to add anything?

And I'll jump in on the Plus question. So we certainly keep a very close eye on cannibalization. And when we put a Plus offer at the top of the sort order, while one still can click on medaling for that Plus offer and many people do, we're obviously trying and succeeding it, driving a bunch of traffic into the Plus flow. Too hard to say what the complete ROI is going to be because we really don't have data on renewal rates. But if we make reasonable assumptions, and we cleaned up a few of the loose ends on the conversion path to make that more effective. I'm quite confident that we'll get to a positive -- a clearly positive draw on the dilution for the auction in place of the subscription revenue. 
The other thing that clearly helps the cause is that folks who become subscribers of Plus come back more frequently. And whether they're coming back to book another Plus hotel or a hotel that's not Plus, but in fact, is a regular auction meta click, they believe and they are much more loyal to Tripadvisor. And so we're also looking at that repeat behavior and seeing how that boosts our domain direct traffic, which, in turn, boosts our overall auction revenue outside of Plus. As you point out, very early days, pretty hard for us to measure right now those kind of medium- to long-term benefits. But what we're seeing so far looks positive.

Yes.

Great. Thanks, Shweta. Excellent 2-part question there. So the basic model we're working with and there perhaps are some exceptions is that we're encouraging hotels of all types to identify a discount that we are able to pass along to the traveler. And we're in fact passing along the entire discount, whatever they're able to offer to be kind of the most beneficial to the consumer to get them -- to get that consumer to book the properties. So if an independent hotel, ABC, says, look, really interested in demand for these dates will give -- will offer a 25% discount. That 25% discount flows straight through to the consumer. That means when someone is looking for a couple of nights' stay at 25% off at a decent average daily rate, that might now be a $300 savings for that trip. And the consumer sees, wow, that's a great savings. Love this hotel, highly ranked, in the location I want. And consumer saves $300. We charge some $99. Net savings of $200, and it's a win, win, win all around. A different hotel may only choose to offer a 10% off, which is something we would still offer, but it's not as compelling to the traveler for an existing Plus subscriber, Hey, that's still nice for a brand-new Plus subscriber for one night stay. That's probably not or perhaps isn't going to trigger a subscription purchase. But that same hotel, 10% off for 7 nights stay probably does add up to quite a bit of savings. So we leave that up to the hotel. 
I mean there's a minimum discount when we sign up the hotels. But that is something that they can kind of toggle up and down depending on their demand needs at particular points in time. And then, I mean, I hope that kind of answered the -- how we kind of deal with discounts. Of course, down the road, we could always choose to not pass along the full discount to the consumer, but that's not our plans at the moment. It is as we want this to kind of catch fire with consumers as quickly as possible, maximizing the discount is one way to do that. And we're still making our money on the subscription, and growing that recurring revenue stream. 
In terms of the Plus supply/launch criteria. Supply is one aspect of it. We're looking to kind of hone the consumer experience, kind of make the conversion flow as straightforward as possible, make sure that all the ticks and ties, the nuts and bolts of building this and making sure it's working on all of our devices is kind of is up to snuff. We don't have, and we don't feel it's necessary, a hard and fast, we must have x number of properties at a y discount level. But we do look around at, obviously, our major geographies. We look and say, are we offering a set of hotels that are compelling in terms of discount, and compelling properties themselves. And we know we'll never get it right or we're not waiting to have every city looking great before we launch. But again, the product is available to most of the clear majority of our traffic right now. We simply haven't launched it to our members and started up our PR machine and the rest of the way as one goes about launching a product. But as I say, that will come soon. And we'll just put the finishing touches on is how I'd phrase it.

Sure. A couple of part question there. So I'll try to do the first one. First, data to make it more actionable. We certainly have -- I've talked about it a lot, but we have been continuously doing that in our CPM, our display ad business, helping to target with -- in segmentation, not only by geography, but lots of different aspects. And that's what enables us to command a premium CPM in most of our display business. So we are doing that and have been making progress. When it comes to Tripadvisor Plus, certainly, our go-to-market plans do involve looking at a lot of our internal historical data, the travelers who we think would be great Plus customers. How we approach them with an offer or something different than how we're mass marketing to all of our visitor audience. So I'd say the data and analytics part is in service to that Plus subscription priority as we launch when I look at a bunch of the activity that's going on. 
We aren't doing a lot, as you haven't seen on the site in terms of pure recommendation-type capabilities. We're adding a bunch -- you'll see some of it in experiences going forward. But again, it's a matter of priorities. We have a bit more focus on plus than the hotel auction in that regard at the moment. But suffice to say, we do have teams working on bringing that data to life. I just haven't given it a lot of airtime historically. 
So the second part of the question. Yes, Tripadvisor Plus, we expect to be the first kind of mass market travel subscription product, and we're investing a ton behind it. And it really is a very different model than the traditional store. And so OTAs like Expedia or Booking are tremendous companies have super brand awareness, a great product offering for travelers. They're both wonderfully global, but they've built their business around a commission orientation, which, to be clear, is a great business. We've been in the lead generation business for hotels, the transaction business just like the other OTAs for Experiences. And now we're introducing this new direct-to-consumer subscription model. So it's not that other folks can't. 
It's that it's a new way to think of something in travel. And because of -- the well, challenge with somebody else doing it, a start-up or a new company is that they may not have the traffic to expose to the subscription -- expose the subscription product to. But that's not Tripadvisor's challenge. We already have so much of the traffic. So the opportunity to sell a subscription product for an occasional use, unlike a Netflix or an Amazon Prime, you're not watching a movie or buying something every week or every month. Travel is more episodic. But the value that we're presenting in this form of subscription is oftentimes much higher, and can offer that instant savings. Because we have the traffic, is why we think we'll be successful where others might be challenged.

Great. Thanks, James. Excellent questions. Going forth, the checkout flow is all on Tripadvisor. We're not sending you to any other website. We are the entity that's making the reservation for you. If there's anything wrong or you want to change, you're calling us, and we're helping you through the process, whether that be for the attraction that you booked with the discount or the hotel that you booked with a discount. We're it, and that's a very deliberate choice. We're also it in terms of hoping to get that second booking for the same trip or the very next trip. We operate on a very hotel-friendly policy in terms of when someone books the hotel on Tripadvisor. We're sharing the full name information, everything directly with the hotelier as part of the reservation. And we're encouraging the hotelier to try to upsell that client with spa treatment or whatever room service, whatever else that they may -- might well be able to do or have them join the hotel's loyalty program, everything like that. So that's all good and, in fact, encouraged from us. 
Cancellation policy for Trip Plus. Super consumer-friendly now. If -- essentially, if you look around, and you're not going to use the subscription, we'll let you cancel, I think it's currently 30 days, but we'll probably extend that. And then you can envision kind of going forward. It's not a monthly subscription. It's an annual subscription. So if you, for whatever reason, haven't been able to use the product, we don't feel you should be paying for it. But if you have used the product, then it's not refundable. You have it for the whole rest of the year. And frankly, if you're using it once a year, you're probably making your money and if using it twice a year, it's clearly a great savings. 
Third part of the question, are the deals exclusive to Tripadvisor? They can be. That's really up to the hotel. We're -- as we contract with the hotels, we are not demanding that it be exclusive for other channels. But what's going to happen is that if a hotel offers us a 15% discount to be part of Plus, and they simultaneously give that 15% discount to an OTA, then it will never be merchandised on Tripadvisor as a Plus deal because it's not cheaper than what's showing up in our meta auction. And our -- the reason, again, we're different is because we're requiring our travelers to buy the subscription product before they can book this discounted hotel. And that's the hard gate. That's the pay gate that enables hotels to give us a discount that they're not putting out there on their own website or through other channels. And that's what makes our deal special. So too -- in the weeds, I guess, if the hotel is offering this discount, same discount on some other opaque discount site or packaged with an airline flight. That would be fine with us. But if it's also on a deal that's also on their own website, then they're just it's not going to work. We're not going to merchandise their property as a Plus property on Tripadvisor because it's not a compelling value proposition.

I'm sorry, I want to make sure I understand the question. Could you reask it? I wasn't quite catching it.

Sure. I got it. Yes. Certainly more than a couple of quarters ago, that was what threw me. A couple of years ago, we had added a social feed to the product. A lot of that is still live on the site. You can still post, you can still follow. It was a great way to engage more users. It generated a lot more sort of content and guides for us. That was all very helpful. And we had been investing in it. Then pandemic and Tripadvisor Plus came along, and we realized that this opportunity is kind of far more interesting, far more sustainable and kind of didn't have, I want to call it, a perceived competitive threat from other social networks. And we were not at all trying to be a social network. But the short answer is, yes, that's still live on the site. We're adding -- I think the numbers we're adding more than 100,000 new members every day just as part of people joining Tripadvisor. Because it's a great site to join, and so we're able to market to those people. 
So growing membership is something that we're already, I think, quite good at. Engaging those members in our newer offerings like Tripadvisor Plus and focus on Experiences, I think, is the fun part of the game right now. So what -- at the end of the day, we look at how can we best deliver an amazing vacation, amazing travel experience to consumers. And we're doing that with the content on Tripadvisor, the content you're used to, in terms of use in photos, the new content, the guides and in the new ways we're educating users about destinations, the COVID information that we're adding as well as, obviously, Trip Plus, the ability to save a ton and have a much better vacation because of your ability to stay an extra night or to take that extra special tour to otherwise see the location in a way that you hadn't been able to before.

Excellent questions there. So Reco, really fun product, but definitely aimed at the bigger, usually more international trip. It's where you get to connect with a travel agent that's really an expert -- or a designer, we call them, really an expert in the field that you're interested, the type of trip that you're taking. And people have not been taking those types of big trips over the past couple of quarters. We launched the product right as the pandemic was starting. And we did not -- we chose not to put the product on ice and wait. We chose to continue to iterate and improve, even though we didn't have a lot of usage. And so now as travel comes back, as Europe says they're open up to U.S. travelers this summer. We look forward to being able to really give the product a great test run out there with tons of users connecting and looking at -- and hopefully, the NPS scores that we're seeing continue to shine and let that product sort of gain some organic traction. 
For the second part of your question, on the B2B side, Spotlight, Reputation Pro, excellent products. Again, launched revamped in the middle of a pandemic when it's both tough to reach hoteliers as well as tough to sell something new to them. So I think the -- 2021, certainly, the back half year, will be a great time to -- for us to be looking and saying, how are these doing? We're able -- hotels are clearly opening up. Demand is growing here in the U.S. We're getting some stronger upticks of interest now, at least in the U.S. But it is a worldwide product set. And so it will be a great question for us to update you on in another quarter or 2. It's been slow over the pandemic time, but we're not discouraged because we actually think these products -- or we know these products are really quite valuable to the hotels that we're selling to.

Super. Thank you, everyone, for joining the call. Time and time again, travel has rebounded and travelers have come back to Tripadvisor. We'll continue executing our strategy and ensure Tripadvisor plays an influential role in travel's recovery. Again, I want to thank all of our employees globally as well as all of our Tripadvisor customers worldwide. 
I also want to thank our shareholders for their shared belief that Tripadvisor can play a key role in shaping travel in the years ahead. Please get your vaccines, and stay safe. I look forward to updating everyone on our progress next quarter.