Thank you, Will, and good morning, everyone. 
To summarize our prepared remarks from last night, our solid fourth quarter captured a strong 2018. Looking ahead, we expect double-digit EBITDA growth in 2019, while we invest behind a number of attractive growth opportunities that, we believe, will further enhance our shareholder value. The business continues along a great path, and we're excited about what's ahead. 
We'll now open up the call for questions.

Sure, Deepak. This is Steve. Thanks for the questions. I -- so when we look at 2019 CPC revenue, I -- we obviously -- as we've shared, we have some pullback on our traffic acquisition, our paid marketing, which hits that, but that eases in the second half, so we'd expect to see some more growth there. When we're looking at the things that we're doing proactively, you can bucket into a couple of different categories. The first is clearly the optimization that we know how to do so well. Year in, year out, we're able to turn our hotel shoppers into a more highly qualified hotel booker downstream to more clients. When we look more specifically, we're always focused on pricing, inventory, usability, leveraging the trust that people have in our brand to help them down that decision path. I can then reference the new TripAdvisor is providing some additional, what we call, decision support, because when a brand or an influencer or your friend is suggesting, "Hey, you might want to stay in this particular hotel," that's another way that we can get that individual, that traveler, to make that final decision and book the hotel essentially on someone's recommendation. All of those steps help to provide the user or traveler with more confidence that they're booking the hotel that's right for them. And therefore, when we send them downstream to our clients, the booking rates increase. So we've been sending more referrals, more of these clicks downstream. And the CPCs would indicate that we're sending quite high-quality traffic. Then when you look at kind of the rest of the hotel option, I'd be remiss if I didn't mention our sponsor placement products simply because that's helping to monetize our more up-funnel traffic, folks that really aren't ready to book yet right now, but want to get -- but can be swayed into the right hotel, and that's something that our hotel partners are, obviously, always very interested in. So yes, the short version of the 2019 [ having ] CPC revenue is more of the same, which has been quite effective on the optimization front, leveraging the trust, leveraging the pricing, leveraging the inventory that we have, which we have clearly amazing capabilities there and driving our traveler through the life cycles that they're using our hotel product as well. To question two, the New TripAdvisor, I kind of want to remind folks, yes, you have a travel feed, but you also have our new trips product, and Thank you have a bunch of other components in the New TripAdvisor, and we're really pleased with the launch. First, the KPIs, the things like member growth, has improved. And then the concern that was natural to have about, "Hey, was it taking people away from the shopping experience, " as we had tested it and as we rolled it out did not materialize. So we're happy with what we have. I want to set expectations, of course, that it is a foundational change. We have the world's richest, largest community of travelers around the globe. We view that as a tremendous asset that TripAdvisor uniquely has in the travel ecosystem, and we want to leverage that to help travelers have an amazing trip. Inspiration, getting input, getting inspiring articles, videos, blog posts, by those you trust, the brands and people that you follow, we feel that, that's valuable to the traveler experience. We're uniquely positioned to do it. And we've built the foundation and rolled it out now. Carrying those recommendations down to the individual hotels, restaurants, attractions, we're in progress. We've done some of it, not nearly as much as we expect to. Helping people plan their entire trip using our itinerary, leveraging all the things that you can do on TripAdvisor, so that it's not just a hotel search and then applied search and then an attraction search, but you're pulling together a full package, that's the beauty of the New TripAdvisor, and that's how we're leveraging something that we think we can uniquely provide across the travel ecosystem. So no negative impact on any of the KPIs that we watch. Modest positives on things like member growth and how those members who are now following are socially active. They come back more frequently, which is nice. But I'd also remind folks, foundational and still it's mostly just on the homepage. So a lot of our travelers still will be coming in directly to a city and they may or may not notice a whole lot of the New TripAdvisor, and that's our opportunity ahead to bring that to them and capitalize on the benefits as we continue to improve them.

Sure. Good question, Justin. This is Steve. I think one of the key differences, as we view it, is in the experiences' category, we are acquiring traffic who then buy on our site and become members. And they can start to build that habit of buying whatever tour activity they're going on before the trip and then perhaps an opportunity to buy another 1 or 2 things while they are on the trip. And so we view the lifetime value as potentially much more meaningful for us and, therefore, leaning into paid acquisition. Leading into acquisition of any type makes more sense. You can see the converse on the hotel meta side where we do -- we have certainly in the past, leaned in on performance marketing, but it hasn't yielded the membership, the ability to refer. When you also look at the opportunity for experiences, we view ourselves as clearly in the lead in most parts of the world, and it's great opportunity to build that habit. And right now, with the nascent business, as we've mentioned many times, the growth opportunity and the ability to build the habit with that first purchase from so many people, we think, is great. It builds the brand. It's a wonderful product today. And again, we continue to double down on supply and reach going forward.

Jed, this is Steve. I'll take the first question on social loyalty. Certainly, we're looking in a variety of different ways that can help bind people to TripAdvisor, loyalty, members. Number one was, is, will always be, a fantastic product experience. As you know, most travelers, as they're going around the world, love seeing TripAdvisor, love planning their trip. It's a brand with a ton of trust. And we don't kind of have to pay people to remember us with kind of point schemes. That's not to say that we aren't thinking about adding components to TripAdvisor membership that would offer additional values than just hearing from us from time to time.

Yes. This is Steve, Doug. Just to follow up on that. We clearly have scale with our partners. The lead growth that we're sending is clearly meaningful to all of them. And therefore, we're in a good position to be able to drive quality leads to them, and that's reflected in the CPCs. And all that's going well. Even if there are some blips in the hotel shoppers down, RPS up or vice versa in any particular quarter. There are a set of metrics, but at the end of the day, it's the leads we send downstream and what we get paid for that drives our revenue. And then, of course, the other thing driving a growing part of our Hotel biz is the media. And again, no matter how many shoppers we have, there's going to be a set that are just not ready to purchase yet. And since our auction, we get paid based upon how many people are actually booking the hotel, moving that demand around or helping hoteliers get the right people to be interested in their properties is a major thrust of the hotel's business unit. We have sponsor placements. It's getting more and more targeted. It's appearing on more and more pages. We do extensive testing with our travelers, and it's not getting in the way. So it's a very native look-and-feel advertising unit that's working for hoteliers and working for travelers and growing in scope and allows us to form more direct relationships with individual hoteliers all around the globe, leveraging the fact that all of our traffic isn't quite ready to book yet. Picking it up a level, we also have close to 500 million unique visitors a month on the TripAdvisor properties. And so you'll see in the coming -- and I'll put this out in years, in the coming years, more of a focus from TripAdvisor on growing the overall media business. That is just a lot of eyeballs focused, for the most part, on travel. And we do -- we feel a very good job penetrating the endemic market travel advertisers, but we think there's a lot of opportunity going beyond that. We're laying the groundwork this year, but I feel confident in setting expectations that the overall media business is a good growth vehicle for TripAdvisor, leveraging the fact that we already have so much traffic.

This is Steve. Tom, I'll take the first one on the hotel shopper growth. So yes, we certainly feel like there's a constant effort on the product team to improve how we can take any hotel shopper we have on the site and drive them to be a qualified lead for our partners. As I've mentioned earlier, we look at kind of the output, how many leads we can drive to our partners and the quality of those leads. Hotel shoppers, of course, we want to grow them. We will -- to the degree that we can find very high-quality sources of hotel shoppers and buy them effectively, we'll do so. To the extent that we can find low quality but free hotel shoppers, we'll do that all day long as well. So the absolute growth by up a couple of points or down a couple of points in hotel shopper isn't the driving nature of our business. It's what we can do with them. So I acknowledge that up or down for shoppers and sometimes the RPS impact makes it a little fuzzy to understand. But Ernst was trying to explain it earlier in Q4, in particular, and back half of the year in terms of having fewer hotel shoppers entering from the homepage, but a higher quality, the RPS going up. So you'll still expect to see some fluctuation over the course of the year. It's a metric we choose to report. But I want to make clear, it's not the driving metric behind the business at this point.

Sure. So I'd say, we have -- we feel we've been doing a very good job growing supply in 2018 in both restaurants and experiences, and we are preparing for more growth. So I think we have kind of the machine down. We have the technology. It's not a simple -- in either business, a simple phone call, want to get connected. There is tech involved in many of the cases, but that's not stopping us. It's not slowing us down. And you should look -- certainly expect additional supply growth in both businesses. To the question of how many hotel shoppers are able to cross over to the other products, I don't have a great answer for you at the moment. We do see, obviously -- we've seen the same session. People will be looking at multiple things, and that's the unique value that our product provides versus many others. I'd say a lot in terms of how many people over the course of planning a trip will visit more than one category on our site and, again, a nice additional value. Many of them are not members. So we simply see that their device has been to multiple sections on the site within a week, looking at the same city again, indicating it's the same trip or opportunity. And one of the things that we're focused on is to help those travelers save up the list of things that they're looking to do in their itinerary on TripAdvisor, which is something you have to register for and then you can see on all devices and take with you, and that's a nice sticky feature that will be improved that we launched already, and we'll be certainly improving this coming year in order to drive that loyalty and help more of the crossover shopping behavior that we love to see.

Sure, James. This is Steve. To the differentiation point, when you look at all of the things that TripAdvisor can help a traveler with, you can start with flights, you can move to hotels, then attractions, then restaurants, the overall ability to stitch it all together, then you can add the community that says -- and you can talk to people who are -- who have already been there, done that, exchange info in our forums, and then you talk about being inspired of where to go in the first place through brands and influencers. All of those pieces form your complete trip versus an OTA, which is a fabulous booking engine for a hotel or a flight. But again, much more 1 or 2 product focus versus taking care of you on the trip. Layer the trust that travelers have in the brand and the recommendations of the hundreds of millions of other travelers that have written reviews on our site, that's a pretty compelling, very different experience than what you get through a bookings site, be it a Marriott.com, a great booking site, or an Expedia or a Booking.com, also great booking sites. So our opportunity remains up funnel. It remains full trip. And it remains based around a considered purchase, a trip that generally will span a couple of days or a week that folks want to make sure it goes right. And then we think we are extremely well situated to win the hearts and minds, to be the preferred vendor for that experience. Ernst?

Thanks, Heath. This is Steve. I'll take the first question. Hotel direct in meta, we certainly have most, if not all of them, interchange participating. So the question is really to what extent will they give us special loyalty rates and to what extent will they be opaque or kind of click here to see the real rate or whether we're able to display the rate in -- on the site, I -- I'd say it remains something that hotels are evaluating and sometimes reevaluating. We're obviously interested in always having the best price we can anywhere on our site. You can see us and some of the partners be chasing it. But if the question is surrounding, a, are we seeing any meaningful change in the hoteliers' interest in doing so, I'd respond with, it seems to be kind of more of the same interesting discussions. Some are more forthcoming than others, but nothing materially different at the moment.

Well, great. Thanks, everyone, for joining the call. I want to thank all of the TripAdvisor media group employees around the world for a great 2018. Together we've put the business on a great trajectory, and we have exciting growth opportunities ahead. I look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter. Thanks, everyone.